sentence	paraphrase	mi
Amrozi accused his brother, whom he called "the witness", of deliberately distorting his evidence.	Amrozi alleged his brother, whom he called "the witness", of deliberately distorting his evidence.	1
Amrozi accused his brother, whom he called "the witness", of deliberately distorting his evidence.	Amrozi accuses his brother, whom he called "the witness", of deliberately distorting his evidence.	1
Amrozi accused his brother, whom he called "the witness", of deliberately distorting his evidence.	Amrozi accused his brother, whom he called the witness, of deliberately distorting his evidence.	1
They had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10, offering the cargo for sale, he added.	They had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10, offering the cargo for sale, said he.	1
They had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10, offering the cargo for sale, he added.	They had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10, offering the cargo for sale, he said.	1
They had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10, offering the cargo for sale, he added.	The cargo had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10, offering the cargo for sale, he added.	1
Around 0335 GMT, Tab shares were up 19 cents, or 4.4%, at A$4.56, having earlier set a record high of A$4.57.	At 0335 GMT, Tab shares were up 19 cents, or 4.4%, at A$4.56, having earlier set a record high of A$4.57.	1
Around 0335 GMT, Tab shares were up 19 cents, or 4.4%, at A$4.56, having earlier set a record high of A$4.57.	Around 0335 GMT, Tab shares were up 19 cents, or 4.4%, at A$4.56 having earlier set a record high of A$4.57.	1
Around 0335 GMT, Tab shares were up 19 cents, or 4.4%, at A$4.56, having earlier set a record high of A$4.57.	At 0335 GMT, Tab shares were up 19 cents, or 4.4%, at A$4.56 having earlier set a record high of A$4.57.	1
Around 0335 GMT, Tab shares were up 19 cents, or 4.4%, at A$4.56, having earlier set a record high of A$4.57.	By 0335 GMT, Tab shares were up 19 cents, or 4.4%, at A$4.56 having earlier set a record high of A$4.57.	1
Around 0335 GMT, Tab shares were up 19 cents, or 4.4%, at A$4.56, having earlier set a record high of A$4.57.	Toward 0335 GMT, Tab shares were up 19 cents, or 4.4%, at A$4.56, having earlier set a record high of A$4.57.	1
Revenue in the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.	Revenue in the first quarter of the year fell 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.	1
Revenue in the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.	In the first quarter of the year, revenue in the same period had fallen 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.	1
Revenue in the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.	First quarter of the year: Revenue dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.	1
Revenue in the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.	As of first quarter of this year, revenues dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.	1
Revenue in the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.	In the first quarter of the year, revenue fell 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.	1
Revenue in the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.	The revenue in the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.	1
Revenue in the first quarter of the year dropped 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.	The first quarter of the year saw revenue drop 15 percent from the same period a year earlier.	1
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.	The Nasdaq closed at 1,520.15 on Friday, with a weekly gain of 17.27 or 1.2 percent.	1
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.	Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.	1
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.	Is the Nasdaq experiencing a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday?	1
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.	The DVD-CCA appealed to the state Supreme Court.	1
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.	That compares to $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.	1
Shares of Genentech, a much larger company with several products on the market, rose more than 2 percent.	Shares of Genentech, a much larger company with several products on the market rose more than 2 percent.	1
Shares of Genentech, a much larger company with several products on the market, rose more than 2 percent.	The share of Genentech, a much larger company with several products on the market, rose more than 2%.	1
Legislation making it harder for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won overwhelming House approval in March.	Legislation making it hard for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won overwhelming House approval in March.	1
Legislation making it harder for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won overwhelming House approval in March.	Legislation to make it harder for people to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won overwhelming House approval in March.	1
The Nasdaq composite index increased 10.73, or 0.7 percent, to 1,514.77.	Nasdaq composite index increased 10.73, or 0.7 percent, to 1,514.77.	1
The Nasdaq composite index increased 10.73, or 0.7 percent, to 1,514.77.	The Nasdaq composite index rose 10.73, or 0.7 percent, to 1,514.77.	1
The Nasdaq composite index increased 10.73, or 0.7 percent, to 1,514.77.	The Nasdaq composite index climbed 10.73, or 0.7 percent, to 1,514.77.	1
But he added group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.	But he added that group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.	1
But he added group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.	He added that group performance would be better in the second half of the year and beyond.	1
But he added group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.	He said group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.	1
But he added group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.	So he said that group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.	1
But he added group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.	He added that Group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.	1
He told The Sun newspaper that Mr. Hussein's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum.	He told The Sun newspaper that Mr. Hussein's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they asked for asylum.	1
He told The Sun newspaper that Mr. Hussein's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum.	He told The Sun newspaper that Mr Hussein's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum.	1
Gyorgy Heizler, head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.	Gyorgy Heizler, the head of the local disaster unit, said the coach was carrying 38 passengers.	1
Rudder was most recently senior vice president for the Developer & Platform Evangelism Business.	Rudder is most recently Senior Vice President for Developer & Platform Evangelism Business Unit.	1
Rudder was most recently senior vice president for the Developer & Platform Evangelism Business.	Rudder was most recently senior vice president for the Development & Platform Evangelism Business.	1
Rudder was most recently senior vice president for the Developer & Platform Evangelism Business.	Rudder is most recently senior vice president of the Developer & Platform Evangelism business.	1
As well as the dolphin scheme, the chaos has allowed foreign companies to engage in damaging logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.	In addition to the dolphin scheme, the chaos has allowed foreign companies to engage in damaging logging and fishing operations without proper monitoring or export controls.	1
Magnarelli said Racicot hated the Iraqi regime and looked forward to using his long years of training in the war.	Magnarelli says Racicot hated the Iraqi regime and looked forward to using his long years of training in the war.	1
Sheena Young of Child, the national infertility support network, hoped the guidelines would lead to a more "fair and equitable" service for infertility sufferers.	Sheena Young of Child, the national infertility support network, hoped the guidelines would lead to a more fair and equitable service for infertility sufferers.	1
Sheena Young of Child, the national infertility support network, hoped the guidelines would lead to a more "fair and equitable" service for infertility sufferers.	Sheena Young of Child, the national infertility support network, hopes the guidelines will lead to a more "fair and equitable" service for infertility sufferers.	1
Sheena Young of Child, the national infertility support network, hoped the guidelines would lead to a more "fair and equitable" service for infertility sufferers.	Sheena Young of Child, the national infertility support network, said the guidelines would lead to a more "fair and equitable" service for infertility sufferers.	1
Sheena Young of Child, the national infertility support network, hoped the guidelines would lead to a more "fair and equitable" service for infertility sufferers.	Sheena Young of Child, the national infertility support network, hopes the guidelines would lead to a more "fair and equitable" service for infertility sufferers.	1
"I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.	"I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.	1
"I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.	I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," he said, adding growth could replace jobs lost.	1
"I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.	"I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years", added He said. The growth could replace jobs lost.	1
"I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.	I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.	1
"I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.	I think there will be a lot of job growth in the next two years, he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.	1
"I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.	I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years, he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.	1
"I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.	"I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years", he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.	1
"I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.	"I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," he said, adding that the growth could replace jobs lost.	1
"I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.	I think there will be a lot of job growth in the next two years," he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.	1
The new Finder puts a user's folders, hard drive, network servers, iDisk and removable media in one location, providing one-click access.	The new Finder puts folders, hard disks, network servers, iDisk and removable media into one location. It gives one-click access.	1
But tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands.	Tropical Storm Warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands.	1
But tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands.	Tropical storm warnings were issued today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands.	1
But tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands.	Tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands.	1
But tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands.	Tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos Islands.	1
But tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands.	Tropical Storm Warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos Islands.	1
A federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bail.	A Federal magistrate in Fort Lauderdale ordered him held without bond.	1
A BMI of 25 or above is considered overweight; 30 or above is considered obese.	A BMI of 25, or above is considered overweight; 30 or above is considered obese.	1
A BMI of 25 or above is considered overweight; 30 or above is considered obese.	A BMI of 25 or above is considered overweight. A BMI of 30 or above is considered obese.	1
A BMI of 25 or above is considered overweight; 30 or above is considered obese.	A BMI of 25 or above is considered overweight. 30 or above is considered obese.	1
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.	On the session, the dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen, flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc, also flat on the session.	1
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.	The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen, flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc, also flat on the session.	1
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.	For the session, the dollar was at 116.92 against the yen, flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc, also flat.	1
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.	Dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen, flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc, also flat on the session.	1
Six months ago, the IMF and Argentina struck a bare-minimum $6.8-billion debt rollover deal that expires in August.	Six months ago, Argentina and the IMF struck a bare-minimum $6.8 billion debt rollover deal that expires in August.	1
Six months ago, the IMF and Argentina struck a bare-minimum $6.8-billion debt rollover deal that expires in August.	Six months ago, the IMF and Argentina struck a bare-minimum $6.8 billion debt rollover deal that expires in August.	1
Inhibited children tend to be timid with new people, objects, and situations, while uninhibited children spontaneously approach them.	Inhibited children tend to be shy with new people, objects, and situations, while uninhibited children spontaneously approach them.	1
Inhibited children tend to be timid with new people, objects, and situations, while uninhibited children spontaneously approach them.	Inhibited children tend to be more timid when interacting with new people, objects, and situations, whereas uninhibited children may approach others spontaneously if interacting with them.	1
I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building, he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse.	I want to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building, said he at Grand Central on Sunday inside the concourse.	1
I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building, he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse.	I wanted to bring the most beautiful people in the most beautiful building, he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse.	1
I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building, he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse.	I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building, he said Sunday inside Grand Central concourse.	1
I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building, he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse.	"I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building," he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse.	1
I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building, he said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse.	I wanted to bring the most beautiful people into the most beautiful building, said Sunday inside the Grand Central concourse.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> fell 10.75 points, or 1.02 percent, to 1,039.32.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 (.SPX>) shares fell 10.75 points, or 1.02 percent, to 1,039.32.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> fell 10.75 points, or 1.02 percent, to 1,039.32.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 10.75 points, or 1.02 percent, to 1,039.32.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> fell 10.75 points, or 1.02 percent, to 1,039.32.	Standard & Poor's 500.SPX> fell 10.75 points, or 1.02 percent, to 1,039.32.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> fell 10.75 points, or 1.02 percent, to 1,039.32.	Standard & Poor's 500.SPX> dropped 10.75 points, or 1.02 percent, to 1,039.32.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> fell 10.75 points, or 1.02 percent, to 1,039.32.	Standard & Poor's 500 (.SPX) index fell 10.75 points, or 1.02 percent, to 1,039.32.	1
Duque will return to Earth Oct. 27 with the station's current crew, U.S. astronaut Ed Lu and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko.	Duque will return to earth Oct. 27. The station's current crew, U.S. astronaut Ed Lu and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko.	1
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.	Singapore is already the 12th-largest trading partner of the United States, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.	1
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.	Singapore is already the United States' 12th largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.	1
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.	Singapore is the United States 12th largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling over $34 billion.	1
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.	Singapore is the 12th largest trading partner of the United States with two-way trade totaling over $34 billion.	1
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.	Singapore is already the US' 12th largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.	1
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.	Singapore is already the 12th largest trading partner of the United States, with two-way trade totaling over $34 billion.	1
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.	Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling over $34 billion.	1
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.	Singapore is the 12th largest bilateral trading partner with the United States, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.	1
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.	No date has been set for civil or criminal trial.	1
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.	No date has been set for the civil or criminal trial.	1
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.	No date set for civil and criminal trial yet.	1
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.	No dates have been set for civil and criminal trial.	1
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.	No dates have been set for civil or criminal trials.	1
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.	No dates for civil or criminal trial has been set.	1
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.	No date has been set for civil or criminal trials.	1
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.	No dates have been set for civil or criminal trial.	1
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.	No date has been set for civil and criminal trial.	1
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.	No dates have been fixed for civil or criminal charges.	1
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.	No dates for civil and criminal trials have been set.	1
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.	There is no date set for civil or criminal charges.	1
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.	No dates have been set for the civil and criminal trial.	1
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.	No dates have been set for the civil or criminal trials.	1
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.	No date has been set for civil and criminal trials.	1
No dates have been set for the civil or the criminal trial.	No date for civil or criminal trial has been set.	1
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.	In Loral shares, trading was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.	1
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.	Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; shares closed on Monday at $3.01.	1
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.	Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01	1
Earnings per share from recurring operations will be 13 cents to 14 cents.	Earnings per share of recurring operations is 13 cents to 14 cents.	1
Earnings per share from recurring operations will be 13 cents to 14 cents.	Earnings per share from recurring operations will be 13 to 14 cents.	1
Earnings per share from recurring operations will be 13 cents to 14 cents.	Earnings per share of recurring operations will be 13 cents to 14 cents.	1
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. (JCP) and Walgreen Co. (WAG) kick things off on Monday.	Retailers J.C. Penney Co. (JCP) and Walgreen Co. (WAG) kick things off on Monday.	1
Last year the court upheld Cleveland's school voucher program, ruling 5-4 that vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents a choice of religious and secular schools.	Last year the court upheld Cleveland's school voucher program, ruling 5-4 that vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents with a choice of religious and secular schools.	1
Last year the court upheld Cleveland's school voucher program, ruling 5-4 that vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents a choice of religious and secular schools.	This past year the Cleveland Court upheld Cleveland's school voucher program, ruling 5-4 that vouchers are constitutional if they provide parents a choice of religious and secular schools.	1
He beat testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain.	He beat testicular cancer that spread to his lungs and brain.	1
He beat testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain.	He beat testicular cancer. It was spread to his brain and lungs.	1
He beat testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain.	He was able to beat testicular cancer. It spread to his brain and lungs.	1
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.	Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was supposed to have been tried separately.	1
Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.	Graves report from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.	1
Graves reported from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.	Graves reports from Albuquerque, Villafranca from Austin and Ratcliffe from Laredo.	1
The US chip market is expected to decline 2.1 percent this year, then grow 15.7 percent in 2004.	The US chip market is expected to decline 2.1 percent in this year, then grow 15.7 percent in 2004.	1
The US chip market is expected to decline 2.1 percent this year, then grow 15.7 percent in 2004.	The US chips market is expected to decline 2.1 percent this year, then grow 15.7 percent in 2004.	1
The group will be headed by State Department official John S. Wolf, who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.	The group will be led by State Department official John S. Wolf, who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.	1
The group will be headed by State Department official John S. Wolf, who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.	They will be headed by State Department official John S. Wolf, who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.	1
The group will be headed by State Department official John S. Wolf, who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.	The State Department will be headed by John S. Wolf, who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.	1
The commission must work out the plan's details, but the average residential customer paying $840 a year would get a savings of about $30 annually.	The commission must work out the details of the plan, but the average residential customer paying $840 a year would get a savings of about $30 annually.	1
The company has said it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002.	The company has said it will restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002.	1
The company has said it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002.	The company has announced it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002.	1
The company has said it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002.	Company has said it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002.	1
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. PEP.N were likely to be in the spotlight.	The results from no. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. PEP.N were likely to be in the spotlight.	1
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. PEP.N were likely to be in the spotlight.	The results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. PEP.N. were likely to be in the spotlight.	1
"The result is an overall package that will provide significant economic growth for our employees over the next four years."	"The result is an overall package that will provide significant economic growth to our employees over the next four years."	1
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.	Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legal employed.	1
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.	Wal-Mart said it would check all its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.	1
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.	Wal-Mart has said it will check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.	1
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.	Walmart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.	1
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.	Wal-Mart said it will check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.	1
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.	Wal-Mart says it will check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legal employed.	1
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.	Wal-Mart will check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.	1
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.	Wal-Mart says it will check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.	1
Wal-Mart said it would check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.	Wal-Mart has sworn it will check all of its million-plus domestic workers to ensure they were legally employed.	1
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.	The tracks are on sale for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.	1
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.	On offer, the songs are 99 cents each or $9.99 for an album.	1
However, the talk was downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow accretive.	PBL said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediate earnings and cash flow accretive. However, the talk was downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases.	1
However, the talk was downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow accretive.	PBL said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow accretive. However, the talk was downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases.	1
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Comcast classes A shares jumped 8 cents to $30.50 in morning trading on Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Comcast Class A shares were up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Comcast Class A shares are up 8 cents at $30.50 in morning trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
While dioxin levels in the environment were up last year, they have dropped by 75 percent since the 1970s, said Caswell.	Although the levels of dioxin are up last year, they have dropped by 75 percent since the 1970s, said Caswell.	1
While dioxin levels in the environment were up last year, they have dropped by 75 percent since the 1970s, said Caswell.	While dioxin levels were up last year, they have dropped by 75 percent since the 1970s, said Caswell.	1
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.	This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic.NET.	1
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.	Is this compatible with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic.NET?	1
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.	This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work with supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic.NET.	1
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.	In other words, this integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic.NET.	1
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.	It integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic.NET.	1
The Washington Post said Airlite would shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president’s appearance.	The Washington Post reported that Airlite would shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president’s appearance.	1
The Washington Post said Airlite would shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president’s appearance.	The Washington Post said Airlite will shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president’s appearance.	1
A former teammate, Carlton Dotson, has been charged with the murder.	A former teammate, Carlton Dotson, has been charged with murder in the incident.	1
Several of the questions asked by the audience in the fast-paced forum were new to the candidates.	Some of the questions asked by the audience in the fast-paced forum were new to the candidates.	1
Meanwhile, the global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November.	Internationally, death toll reaches 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November.	1
Meanwhile, the global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November.	The global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November.	1
The women then had follow-up examinations after five, 12 and 24 years.	The women had follow-up examinations after five, 12 and 24 years.	1
The women then had follow-up examinations after five, 12 and 24 years.	The women now had follow up exams after five, 12 and 24 years.	1
The women then had follow-up examinations after five, 12 and 24 years.	Women then had follow-up examinations after five, 12 and 24 years.	1
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	The Embraer jet is scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	1
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	The Embraer jets are expected to be delivered by September 2006.	1
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."	Contrary to what peopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support customers and products for many years to come"	1
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."	In fact, contrary to what peopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support peopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."	1
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."	Contrary to what peopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support customers and products for many years to come."	1
Application Intelligence will be included as part of the company's SmartDefense application, which is included with Firewall-1.	Application Intelligence will be included as part of the company's smart defense application, which is included with Firewall-1.	1
Application Intelligence will be included as part of the company's SmartDefense application, which is included with Firewall-1.	Application Intelligence will be included as part of the company's SmartDefense app, which is included with Firewall-1.	1
Application Intelligence will be included as part of the company's SmartDefense application, which is included with Firewall-1.	The Application Intelligence application will be included as part of the company's smartDefense application, which is included with Firewall-1.	1
Application Intelligence will be included as part of the company's SmartDefense application, which is included with Firewall-1.	Applications Intelligence will be included as part of the company's SmartDefense application, which is included with Firewall-1.	1
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.	American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.).	1
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.	American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.)	1
The downtime, to take place in May and June, is expected to cut production by 60 million to 70 million board feet.	Downtime will take place in May and June, is expected to cut production by 60 million to 70 million board feet.	1
On July 3, Troy is expected to be sentenced to life in prison without parole.	On July 3, Troy will be sentenced to life in prison without parole.	1
On July 3, Troy is expected to be sentenced to life in prison without parole.	In addition, Troy will be sentenced to life in prison without parole on July 3.	1
On July 3, Troy is expected to be sentenced to life in prison without parole.	On July 3 Troy is expected to be sentenced to life in prison without parole.	1
The University of Michigan released a new undergraduate admission process Thursday, dropping a point system the U.S. Supreme Court found unconstitutional in June.	University of Michigan announced a new undergraduate admission process Thursday, dropping a point system the U.S. Supreme Court found unconstitutional in June.	1
The University of Michigan released a new undergraduate admission process Thursday, dropping a point system the U.S. Supreme Court found unconstitutional in June.	The University of Michigan announced a new undergraduate admission process on Thursday, dropping the point system the U.S. Supreme Court found unconstitutional in June.	1
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	The processor was announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	1
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	In San Jose, the Intel processors were announced at the Intel Developer Forum.	1
The Justice Department filed suit Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing" abuse of juveniles and "unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.	The Justice Department filed suit on Thursday against the state of Mississippi for failing to end what federal officials call "disturbing abuse of juveniles and unconscionable" conditions at two state-run facilities.	1
It said the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship's thermal armor during Columbia's ill-fated reentry.	The damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship's thermal armor during the Columbia's ill-fated reentry.	1
It said the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship's thermal armor during Columbia's ill-fated reentry.	It said the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship's thermal armor during Columbia's ill-fated reentering.	1
It said the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship's thermal armor during Columbia's ill-fated reentry.	The damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship's thermal armor during Columbia's ill-fated reentry.	1
It said the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship's thermal armor during Columbia's ill-fated reentry.	That the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship's thermal armor during the Columbia's ill-fated reentry.	1
Also demonstrating box-office strength _ and getting seven Tony nominations _ was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, "Long Day's Journey Into Night."	Also showing box-office strength _ and getting seven Tony nominations _ was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, "Long Day's Journey Into Night."	1
Also demonstrating box-office strength _ and getting seven Tony nominations _ was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, "Long Day's Journey Into Night."	What demonstrates box-office strength _ and getting seven Tony nominations _ was a potent revival of Eugene O'Neill's family drama, "Long Day's Journey Into Night."	1
The top rate will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes above $500,000.	The Top rate for taxable income will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes over $500,000.	1
The top rate will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes above $500,000.	For people with taxable incomes over $500000, the top rate will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes over $500,000.	1
The top rate will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes above $500,000.	Will the top rate be 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes above $500,000.	1
The top rate will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes above $500,000.	The top rate will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes over $500,000.	1
But Secretary of State Colin Powell brushed off this possibility Wednesday.	Secretary of State Colin Powell brushed off this possibility Wednesday.	1
Thomas and Tauzin say, as do many doctors, that the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws.	Thomas and Tauzin say, as do many doctors, that the Bush administration has the power to correct some of these flaws.	1
Thomas and Tauzin say, as do many doctors, that the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws.	Thomas Tauzin and other doctors say that the Bush administration has the power to correct some of those flaws.	1
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.	The findings are published in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.	1
The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions around the world, received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday.	The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of airways that affects millions around the world, received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday.	1
The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions around the world, received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday.	First biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions around the world, was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday.	1
The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions around the world, received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday.	This is the first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions around the world, received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday.	1
The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions around the world, received approval from the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday.	The first biotechnology treatment for asthma, the constriction of the airways that affects millions around the world, was approved by the US Food and Drug Administration yesterday.	1
The delegates said raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations, bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers.	The delegates said raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the US crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations, bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers.	1
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.	FBI agents arrested a former partner of big four accounting firm Ernst and Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.	1
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.	FBI agents arrested a former partner of the Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.	1
FBI agents arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.	FBI agent arrested a former partner of Big Four accounting firm Ernst & Young ERNY.UL on criminal charges of obstructing federal investigations, U.S. officials said on Thursday.	1
Kelly will begin meetings with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov in Washington on Monday.	Kelly will begin meeting with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov in Washington on Monday.	1
Kelly will begin meetings with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov in Washington on Monday.	Kelly will start meeting with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov in Washington on Monday.	1
Kelly will begin meetings with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov in Washington on Monday.	John Kelly will begin meetings with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov in Washington on Monday.	1
Kelly will begin meetings with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov in Washington on Monday.	Kelly is expected to meet with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov in Washington on Monday.	1
Kelly will begin meetings with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov in Washington on Monday.	Kelly will begin his meetings with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov in Washington on Monday.	1
Kelly will begin meetings with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov in Washington on Monday.	Kelly will meet with Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Alexander Losyukov in Washington on Monday.	1
The latest shooting linked to the spree was a November 11 shooting at Hamilton Central Elementary School in Obetz, about 3km from the freeway.	The latest incident linked to the spree was a November 11 shooting at Hamilton Central Elementary School in Obetz, about 3km from the freeway.	1
"Sanitation is poor... there could be typhoid and cholera," he said.	"Sanitation is poor...there could be typhoid and cholera," he said.	1
"Sanitation is poor... there could be typhoid and cholera," he said.	'Sanitation is poor... there could be typhoid and cholera', he said.	1
"Sanitation is poor... there could be typhoid and cholera," he said.	"Sanitary is poor... there is a possibility of typhoid and cholera," he said.	1
"Sanitation is poor... there could be typhoid and cholera," he said.	"The Sanitation is poor... there could be typhoid and cholera", he said.	1
"Sanitation is poor... there could be typhoid and cholera," he said.	"Sanitation is poor... there could be typhoid and cholera," said he.	1
"Sanitation is poor... there could be typhoid and cholera," he said.	'Sanitation is poor', he said. "There could be typhoid and cholera,' he said.	1
"Sanitation is poor... there could be typhoid and cholera," he said.	"Sanitation is poor...there could be typhoid and cholera" he said.	1
The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 128 points, or 1.4%, at 9073, while the Nasdaq fell 34 points, or 2.1%, to 1610.	Dow Jones Industrial Average ended down 128 points, or 1.4%, at 9073, while the Nasdaq fell 34 points, or 2.1%, to 1610.	1
PDC will also almost certainly fan the flames of speculation about Longhorn's release.	PDC will almost certainly fan the flames of speculation about Longhorn's release.	1
Sales - a figure watched closely as a barometer of its health - rose 5 percent instead of falling as many industry experts had predicted.	As a barometer of its health, sales rose 5 percent rather than falling as many industry experts had predicted.	1
NEC is pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including health care and hospitality.	NEC will be pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including health care and hospitality.	1
NEC is pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including health care and hospitality.	NEC is pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including healthcare and hospitality.	1
NEC is pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including health care and hospitality.	NEC will be pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including healthcare and hospitality.	1
NEC is pitching its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including health care and hospitality.	NEC will offer its wireless gear and management software to a variety of industries, including health care and hospitality.	1
Elena Slough, considered to be the nation's oldest person and the third oldest person in the world, died early Sunday morning.	Elena Slough, considered the nation's oldest person and the third oldest person in the world, died early Sunday morning.	1
Elena Slough, considered to be the nation's oldest person and the third oldest person in the world, died early Sunday morning.	Elena Slough, the Nation's oldest person and the third oldest person in the world, died early Sunday morning.	1
Elena Slough, considered to be the nation's oldest person and the third oldest person in the world, died early Sunday morning.	Elena Slough, the nation's oldest person and the third oldest person in the world, died early Sunday morning.	1
"We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault.	We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault."	1
"We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault.	We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault.	1
"We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault.	"We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault."	1
"We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault.	We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault. "	1
"We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault.	We're declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault.	1
"We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault.	"We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault. We are declaring war on assault. We are declaring war on assault.	1
"We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault.	We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault. We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault.	1
"We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault.	"We are declaring war on sexual harassment and sexual assault. We are declaring war on sex harassment and sexual assault."	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.	1
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.	Dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.01 percent.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 index (.SPX) gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	Standard and Poor's 500 Index.SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index (SPX) gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	1
El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning, firing Kalashnikov rifles.	The Algerian newspaper El Watan reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault today morning, firing Kalashnikov rifles.	1
El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning, firing Kalashnikov rifles.	El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault today morning, firing Kalashnikov rifles.	1
El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning, firing Kalashnikov rifles.	The Algerian newspaper El Watan reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning, firing Kalashnikov rifles.	1
El Watan, an Algerian newspaper, reported that the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning, firing Kalashnikov rifles.	According to El Watan, the Algerian newspaper, the kidnappers fiercely resisted the army assault this morning, firing Kalashnikov rifles.	1
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.	But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) lost 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.	1
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.	Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.	1
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	Shares of Hartford advanced $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange Composite trading.	1
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	Shares of Hartford Inc. rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	1
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	The Hartford stock jumped $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	1
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	Shares of Hartford were up $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange Composite trading.	1
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	Shares of Hartford increased $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	1
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	Stocks of Hartford Inc. rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	1
Shares of Hartford rose $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	Shares of Hartford climbed $2.88 to $46.50 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading.	1
This Palm OS smart phone is the last product the company will release before it becomes a part of palmOne.	This Palm OS smartphone is the last product the company will release before it becomes a part of palmOne.	1
This Palm OS smart phone is the last product the company will release before it becomes a part of palmOne.	This Palm OS smart phone is the last product that the company will release before it becomes a part of PalmOne.	1
This Palm OS smart phone is the last product the company will release before it becomes a part of palmOne.	This palm OS smartphone is the last product the company will release before it becomes a part of palmOne.	1
And they think the protein probably is involved in the spread of other forms of cancer.	They think the protein probably is involved in the spread of other forms of cancer.	1
And they think the protein probably is involved in the spread of other forms of cancer.	But they think that protein probably is involved in the spread of other forms of cancer.	1
And they think the protein probably is involved in the spread of other forms of cancer.	In their view, the protein is possibly involved in the spread of other forms of cancer.	1
And they think the protein probably is involved in the spread of other forms of cancer.	They think the protein is probably involved in the spread of other forms of cancer.	1
Tokyo Electric Power Co., Asia's largest power company, won approval to restart the first of 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after it admitted falsifying inspection reports.	Tokyo Electric Power Co., Asia's largest power company, won approval to restart the first of its 17 nuclear reactors it shut down after it admitted falsifying inspection reports.	1
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	Tuition at four year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	1
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	Tuition in four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	1
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	The tuition at four year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	1
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	The tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	1
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	The tuition rate for four year private colleges was $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	1
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	The tuition for four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	1
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.	Security lights have been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.	1
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.	Security lights have been installed, and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.	1
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.	In addition to police officers sweeping the grounds for booby traps, security lights have been installed.	1
The only announced Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista, who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall.	The only Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista, who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall.	1
The only announced Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista, who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall.	The only confirmed Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista, who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall.	1
The only announced Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista, who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall.	The only Republican nominee to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista, who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall of Davis.	1
The only announced Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista, who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall.	The only GOP to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista, who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall.	1
The only announced Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista, who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall.	The only Republican who replaces Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista, who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall.	1
The only announced Republican to replace Davis is Rep. Darrell Issa of Vista, who has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall.	Darrell Issa of Vista is the only Republican to replace Davis. Issa has spent $1.71 million of his own money to force a recall.	1
He said that with the U.S.-backed peace plan, or road map, “in a coma,” the attack could easily widen conflict through the region.	With the U.S.-backed peace plan, or road map, in a coma, he said, the attack could easily widen conflict through the region.	1
A successful attack could be launched within any type of document that supports VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint.	The successful attack can be launched within any type of document that supports VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint.	1
A successful attack could be launched within any type of document that supports VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint.	- A successful attack could be launched within any type of document that supports VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint.	1
A successful attack could be launched within any type of document that supports VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint.	Can a successful attack be launched in any type of document that supports VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint?	1
A successful attack could be launched within any type of document that supports VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint.	If a successful attack was to be launched within any type of document that supports VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint, then a successful attack would be launched within any type of document that supports VBA.	1
A successful attack could be launched within any type of document that supports VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint.	If a successful attack is launched, it could be carried out within any type of document that supports VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint.	1
A successful attack could be launched within any type of document that supports VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint.	If a successful attack was launched, it could be launched within any type of document that supports VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint.	1
Officials at Brandeis said this was an "extremely heartrending" time for the campus.	Brandeis said this was an "extremely heartrending" time for the campus.	1
"If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting," he said.	If that isn't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting" he said.	1
"If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting," he said.	If that ain't a democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting."	1
"If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting," he said.	If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting," he said.	1
"If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting," he said.	"If that's not a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting," he said.	1
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to secure and analyze evidence.	FBI Agents Fewer than a dozen were dispatched to secure and analyze evidence.	1
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to secure and analyze evidence.	Fewer than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to investigate and analyze evidence.	1
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to secure and analyze evidence.	Less than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to analyze evidence.	1
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to secure and analyze evidence.	Fewer than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to investigate and recover evidence.	1
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to secure and analyze evidence.	Little more than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to analyze and secure evidence.	1
Tonight a spokesman for Russia's foreign ministry said the ministry may issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia's position on cooperation with Iran's nuclear-energy efforts.	Tonight a spokesman for Russia's foreign ministry said the ministry may issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia's position on cooperation with Iran's nuclear energy efforts.	1
A day earlier, a committee appointed by reformist President Mohammad Khatami called for an independent judicial inquiry into Kazemi's death.	A day before, a committee appointed by reformist president Mohammad Khatami called for an independent judicial inquiry into Kazemi's death.	1
The suite comes complete with a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation software and other components, while continuing its tradition of utilizing an XML-based file format.	The Suite comes complete with a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation software and other components, while continuing its tradition of using XML-based file format.	1
The suite comes complete with a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation software and other components, while continuing its tradition of utilizing an XML-based file format.	The suite comes complete with a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation software and other components, while continuing its tradition of using an XML-based file format.	1
The suite comes complete with a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation software and other components, while continuing its tradition of utilizing an XML-based file format.	The suite comes complete with a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation software and other components, while continuing its tradition of utilizing an XML file format.	1
The suite comes complete with a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation software and other components, while continuing its tradition of utilizing an XML-based file format.	The suite includes a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation software and other components, while continuing its tradition of utilizing an XML-based file format.	1
The suite comes complete with a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation software and other components, while continuing its tradition of utilizing an XML-based file format.	The suite comes complete with a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation software and other components, while continuing its tradition of using an XML file format.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543 after scoring five consecutive up sessions.	1
The Nasdaq composite index inched up 1.28, or 0.1 percent, to 1,766.60, following a weekly win of 3.7 percent.	The Nasdaq composite index climbed 1.28, or 0.1 percent, to 1,766.60, following a weekly win of 3.7 percent.	1
The Nasdaq composite index inched up 1.28, or 0.1 percent, to 1,766.60, following a weekly win of 3.7 percent.	Nasdaq composite index increased 1.28, or 0.1 percent, to 1,766.60, following a weekly win of 3.7 percent.	1
The Nasdaq composite index inched up 1.28, or 0.1 percent, to 1,766.60, following a weekly win of 3.7 percent.	The Nasdaq composite index increased 1.28, or 0.1 percent, to 1,766.60, following a weekly win of 3.7 percent.	1
The Nasdaq composite index inched up 1.28, or 0.1 percent, to 1,766.60, following a weekly win of 3.7 percent.	The Nasdaq composite index is up 1.28, or 0.1 percent, to 1,766.60, following a weekly win of 3.7 percent.	1
Physicians who violate the ban would be subject to fines and up to two years in prison.	Doctors who violate this ban will be subject to fines and up to two years in prison.	1
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.	Standard & Poor's 500 shares futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.	1
The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent.	The yield on the three percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent.	1
The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent.	The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent. (the rate is 3 percent)	1
The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent.	The yield of the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent.	1
The yield on the 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent.	The yield of a 3 percent note maturing in 2008 fell 22 basis points to 2.61 percent.	1
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.	Kline's opinion concerned specifically with abortion providers, but it would also apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care to a pregnant child under 16.	1
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.	Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to other doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to pregnant children under 16.	1
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.	Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it would also apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to pregnant children under 16 years old.	1
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.	Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16 years old.	1
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.	Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16 years of age.	1
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.	Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers but it would also apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.	1
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.	Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it would also apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.	1
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.	Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it would also apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16 years old.	1
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.	Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.	1
The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	After publication of the dossier, the United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked Britain for information about the allegations, but Britain didn't provide any, U.N. officials said.	1
The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published but Britain didn't provide any, U.N. officials said.	1
The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency (IAEA) asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	1
The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for details on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	1
The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for details on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	1
The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	The International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	1
The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	1
The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency requested information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	1
The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	International Atomic Energy Agency: The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	1
Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle's reentry rushed into the damaged wing, "there was no possibility for crew survival," the board said.	Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle's reentry rushed into the damaged wing, "there was no possibility for crew survival", the board said.	1
Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle's reentry rushed into the damaged wing, "there was no possibility for crew survival," the board said.	Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle's reentry rushed into the damaged wing, there was no possibility for crew survival, the board said.	1
Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle's reentry rushed into the damaged wing, "there was no possibility for crew survival," the board said.	Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle's reentry rushed into the damaged wing, "there was no possibility for crew survival" the board said.	1
Sixteen days later, as superheated air from the shuttle's reentry rushed into the damaged wing, "there was no possibility for crew survival," the board said.	16 days later, as superheated air from the shuttle's reentry rushed into the damaged wing, "there was no possibility for crew survival," the board said.	1
"The free world and those who love freedom and peace must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers," he told reporters as he emerged from a church service.	The free world and those who love freedom and peace must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers," he told reporters as he emerged from a church service.	1
"The free world and those who love freedom and peace must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers," he told reporters as he emerged from a church service.	"The free world and those who love freedom and peace must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers", he told reporters as he emerged from a church service.	1
"The free world and those who love freedom and peace must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers," he told reporters as he emerged from a church service.	"The free world and those who love freedom and peace must deal harshly with Hamas and the killers" he told reporters as he emerged from a church service.	1
Powell fired back: "He's accusing the president of a ludicrous act," he said.	Powell fired back: "He's accusing the President of a ludicrous act."	1
The decision to issue new guidance has been prompted by intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in a secret briefing in late July.	The new guidance has been prompted by intelligence passed to Britain by the FBI in a secret briefing in late July.	1
The memo on protecting sales of Windows and other desktop software mentioned Linux, a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company.	The memo on protecting sales of Windows and other desktop software mentioned Linux, a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any particular company.	1
Also Tuesday, the United States also released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would soon be let go.	Also Tuesday the United States released more Iraqi prisoners of war and officials announced that all would soon be let go.	1
Also Tuesday, the United States also released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would soon be let go.	Also Tuesday, the United States released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would soon be let go.	1
Also Tuesday, the United States also released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would soon be let go.	On Tuesday, the United States released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would soon be let go.	1
Also Tuesday, the United States also released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would soon be let go.	Also on Tuesday, the United States released more Iraqi prisoners of war, and officials announced that all would soon be let go.	1
The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of the district's racial balance, facilities, budget, and busing.	The decision came a year after Whipple had ended federal oversight of the district's racial balance, facilities, budget, and busing.	1
The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of the district's racial balance, facilities, budget, and busing.	The decision came a year after Whipple removed federal oversight of the district's racial balance, facilities, budget, and busing.	1
The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of the district's racial balance, facilities, budget, and busing.	WHIPPLE: The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of the district's racial balance, facilities, budget, and busing.	1
The decision came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of the district's racial balance, facilities, budget, and busing.	It came a year after Whipple ended federal oversight of the district's racial balance, facilities, budget, and busing.	1
The resulting lists led toa CBS special, AFI's 100 Years . . . 100 Heroes & Villains, hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger.	The resulting lists led toa CBS special, AFI's 100 Years... 100 Heroes & Villains, hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger.	1
The resulting lists led toa CBS special, AFI's 100 Years . . . 100 Heroes & Villains, hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger.	The resulting lists led to a CBS special, AFI's 100 Years... 100 heroes & villains, hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger.	1
The resulting lists led toa CBS special, AFI's 100 Years . . . 100 Heroes & Villains, hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger.	The resulting lists led to a CBS special, AFI's 100 years... 100 Heroes & Villains, hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger.	1
Police warned residents on Friday not to travel alone and to avoid convenience stores and service stations stores at night.	Police told residents on Friday not to travel alone and to avoid convenience stores and service stations at night.	1
Police warned residents on Friday not to travel alone and to avoid convenience stores and service stations stores at night.	Police on Friday warned residents not to travel alone and to avoid convenience stores and service station stores at night.	1
Police warned residents on Friday not to travel alone and to avoid convenience stores and service stations stores at night.	Police warned residents on Friday not to travel alone and to avoid convenience stores and service stations at night.	1
Police warned residents on Friday not to travel alone and to avoid convenience stores and service stations stores at night.	Police urged residents on Friday not to travel alone and to avoid convenience stores and service stations at night.	1
"We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision," Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.	We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision," Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.	1
"We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision," Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.	We had nothing to do with the Stake employees' decision," Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.	1
His plan would cost more than $200 billion annually, which Gephardt would pay for by repealing Bush's tax cuts.	Would Gephardt's plan cost over $200 billion annually, which he would pay for by repealing Bush's tax cuts?	1
His plan would cost more than $200 billion annually, which Gephardt would pay for by repealing Bush's tax cuts.	Would Gephardt's proposal cost more than $200 billion annually, which he would pay for by repealing Bush's tax cuts?	1
His plan would cost more than $200 billion annually, which Gephardt would pay for by repealing Bush's tax cuts.	Will Gephardt's plan cost more than $200 billion annually, which Gephardt would pay for by repealing Bush's tax cuts?	1
His plan would cost more than $200 billion annually, which Gephardt would pay for by repealing Bush's tax cuts.	He said his plan would cost more than $200 billion annually, which Gephardt would pay for by repealing Bush's tax cuts.	1
On Friday, the Food and Drug Administration approved the use of silicone breast implants with conditions.	The Food and Drug Administration approved the use of silicone breast implants with conditions. On Friday, the FDA approved the use of silicone breast implants with conditions.	1
More than half of the songs were purchased as albums, Apple said.	More than half of the songs were sold as albums, Apple said.	1
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.	Deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.	1
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.	This deal makes sense for both companies," said halla in a prepared statement.	1
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.	"This deal makes sense for both companies," said Halla in a prepared statement.	1
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.	This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.	1
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.	This deal makes sense for both companies, Halla said in a prepared statement.	1
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.	Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup truck and an SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.	1
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.	Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup truck and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.	1
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.	In Pinal County, smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.	1
Smugglers in a van chased down a pickup and SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.	In Pinal County, smugglers in a van chased down a pickup truck and an SUV carrying other smugglers and illegal immigrants, said Pinal County Sheriff Roger Vanderpool.	1
Tyco later said the loan had not been forgiven, and Swartz repaid it in full, with interest, according to his lawyer, Charles Stillman.	Tyco said the loan had not been forgiven, and Swartz repaid it in full, with interest, according to his lawyer, Charles Stillman.	1
Tyco later said the loan had not been forgiven, and Swartz repaid it in full, with interest, according to his lawyer, Charles Stillman.	Tyco claimed the loan had not been forgiven, and Swartz repaid it in full, with interest, according to his lawyer, Charles Stillman.	1
While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor wire fence, Fischi said.	1
While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	While Bolton fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	1
While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	1
While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	When Bolton suddenly fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	1
While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	As Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	1
While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	Bolton fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	1
While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	Despite Bolton apparently falling and being immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	1
While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	When Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	1
The loonie, meanwhile, continued to slip in early trading Friday.	The loonie, meanwhile, continued to fall in early trading Friday.	1
The loonie, meanwhile, continued to slip in early trading Friday.	The loonie meanwhile continued to slide in early trading Friday.	1
Ms. Haque, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom.	Ms. Haque was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing her prom.	1
Ms. Haque, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom.	Ms. Haque was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom.	1
Ms. Haque, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom.	Ms Haque, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom.	1
But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."	But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption".	1
But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."	But he said that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."	1
But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."	"The New York-based actor and producer is a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption," he said.	1
But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."	He added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."	1
But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."	But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person" and "don't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."	1
But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."	He said that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."	1
But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."	According to him, the New York-based actor and producer is a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption.	1
But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."	"The New York-based actor and producer is a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption," he added.	1
But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."	According to him, he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."	1
But he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."	And he added that the New York-based actor and producer is "a private person and doesn't care to have his treatment out for public consumption."	1
While a month's supply of aspirin can cost less than $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run significantly more than $100.	While a month's supply of aspirin can cost under $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run significantly more than $100.	1
While a month's supply of aspirin can cost less than $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run significantly more than $100.	When a month's supply of aspirin can cost less than $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run significantly more than $100.	1
While a month's supply of aspirin can cost less than $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run significantly more than $100.	When a month's supply of aspirin costs less than $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run significantly more than $100.	1
She estimated it would take three months and would require cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality.	She estimated that it would take three months and would require cancellation of sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality.	1
She estimated it would take three months and would require cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality.	She estimated it would take 3 months and would require cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality.	1
She estimated it would take three months and would require cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality.	She estimated it would take 3 months and would require cancellation of sub-audit of Department of Environmental Quality.	1
Arison said Mann may have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement and he had a deep love of Brazilian music.	Arison said Mann may have been a pioneer of the world music movement and he had a deep love of Brazilian music.	1
Arison said Mann may have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement and he had a deep love of Brazilian music.	Arison said Mann may have been one of the pioneers of the World Music Movement and had a deep love of Brazilian music.	1
Arison said Mann may have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement and he had a deep love of Brazilian music.	Arison said Mann may have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement and he had a deep love for Brazilian music.	1
Arison said Mann may have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement and he had a deep love of Brazilian music.	Arison said Mann may have been the pioneer of the world music movement and he had a deep love for Brazilian music.	1
Arison said Mann may have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement and he had a deep love of Brazilian music.	Arison said Mann may have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement and had a deep love for Brazilian music.	1
Arison said Mann may have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement and he had a deep love of Brazilian music.	Arison said Mann may have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement and had a deep love of Brazilian music.	1
The virus kills roughly 36,000 people in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	The Virus kills approximately 36,000 people in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	1
The virus kills roughly 36,000 people in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	Virus kills roughly 36,000 people in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	1
The virus kills roughly 36,000 people in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	Viruses: The virus kills roughly 36,000 people in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	1
The virus kills roughly 36,000 people in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	As of now, the virus kills approximately 36,000 people in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	1
In two new schemes, people posing as IRS representatives target families of armed forces members and e-mail users.	In two new schemes, people posing as IRS representatives target families of military members and e-mail users.	1
In two new schemes, people posing as IRS representatives target families of armed forces members and e-mail users.	In two new schemes, people posing as IRS representatives target families of armed forces members and email users.	1
Wim Wenders directed a widely praised film of the same name, based on the sessions.	Wim Wenders directed a popular film of the same name, based on the sessions.	1
Wim Wenders directed a widely praised film of the same name, based on the sessions.	Wim Wenders directed a widely acclaimed film of the same name, based on the sessions.	1
Miss Novikova said while there is no standard weight for ballerinas, Miss Volochkova is 'bigger than others'.	Miss Novikova said that while there is no standard weight of ballerinas, Miss Volochkova is bigger than others.	1
Miss Novikova said while there is no standard weight for ballerinas, Miss Volochkova is 'bigger than others'.	Miss Novikova said while there's no standard weight for ballerinas, Miss Volochkova is "bigger than others".	1
Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq.	Both aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq.	1
Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq.	Both have aired videotapes of former President Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the US occupation of Iraq.	1
Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq.	Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqi people to fight against the U.S. occupation of Iraq.	1
Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq.	Both sides have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq.	1
Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq.	Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight against the U.S. occupation of Iraq.	1
Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq.	Both sides have aired videotapes of ex-President Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq.	1
Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.	Under the project, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.	1
Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.	Under the project, U.S. officials work with foreign ports authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.	1
Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.	Under the Foreign Cargo Program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.	1
Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.	Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high risk cargo.	1
Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign port authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.	Under the program, U.S. officials work with foreign ports authorities to identify, target and search high-risk cargo.	1
"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge.	"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge."	1
"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge.	In other words, "It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," but I look forward to the challenge."	1
"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge.	It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added. "But I look forward to the challenge."	1
"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge.	It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he said, "but I look forward to the challenge."	1
"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge.	Is it not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge."	1
"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge.	"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he said, "but I look forward to the challenge."	1
"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge.	"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program" he added, "but I look forward to the challenge."	1
"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge.	It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he said, "but I look forward to the challenge.	1
"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge.	"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he said. "I look forward to the challenge.	1
"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge.	It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge. "	1
As a result, Nelson now faces up to 10 years' jail instead of life.	As a result, Nelson now faces up to 10 years jail instead of life.	1
As a result, Nelson now faces up to 10 years' jail instead of life.	Nelson faces up to 10 years in jail instead of life.	1
As a result, Nelson now faces up to 10 years' jail instead of life.	Nelson now faces up to 10 years in prison instead of life.	1
With all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.	Representing all precincts reporting, Fletcher — a three-term congressman from Lexington — had an overwhelming 57 percent of the vote.	1
"His progress is steady, he's stable, he's comfortable," Jack said Tuesday afternoon.	"His progress is steady, he's stable, he's comfortable," Jack said Tuesday afternoon. "I believe he's very comfortable."	1
"His progress is steady, he's stable, he's comfortable," Jack said Tuesday afternoon.	Jack said "His progress is steady, he's stable, he's comfortable," Tuesday afternoon.	1
"His progress is steady, he's stable, he's comfortable," Jack said Tuesday afternoon.	"His progress is steady, he's stable, he's comfortable," said Jack Tuesday afternoon.	1
Shadrin said Khodorkovsky's aircraft was approached by officers identifying themselves as members of the FSB intelligence service, the domestic successor to the Soviet KGB.	Shadrin says Khodorkovsky's aircraft was approached by officers identifying themselves as members of the FSB intelligence service, the domestic successor to the Soviet KGB.	1
She claimed all the babies were born full-term and died within hours, he said.	She said all the babies were born full-term and died within hours, he said.	1
She claimed all the babies were born full-term and died within hours, he said.	She claimed all the babies were born full-term and died within hours, said him.	1
She claimed all the babies were born full-term and died within hours, he said.	What she claimed was all the babies born full-term and died within hours, he said.	1
French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin was scheduled to arrive Sharm el-Sheikh on Wednesday.	French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin was due in Sharm El Sheikh on Wednesday.	1
French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin was scheduled to arrive Sharm el-Sheikh on Wednesday.	French foreign minister Dominique de Villepin is scheduled to visit Sharm El-Sheikh on Wednesday.	1
French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin was scheduled to arrive Sharm el-Sheikh on Wednesday.	French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin is scheduled to arrive in Sharm El-Sheikh on Wednesday.	1
French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin was scheduled to arrive Sharm el-Sheikh on Wednesday.	Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin is scheduled to visit Sharm el-Sheikh on Wednesday.	1
French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin was scheduled to arrive Sharm el-Sheikh on Wednesday.	Dominique de Villepin, the French foreign minister, was scheduled to visit Sharm el-Sheikh on Wednesday.	1
French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin was scheduled to arrive Sharm el-Sheikh on Wednesday.	France's Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin was scheduled to arrive in Sharm El Sheikh on Wednesday.	1
They believe the same is true in humans, giving a 30 per cent higher risk of the disease.	They believe the same is true in humans, giving a 30% higher risk of the disease.	1
Total sales for the period declined 8.0 percent to $1.99 billion from a year earlier.	Total sales for the period decreased 8.0 percent to $1.99 billion from a year earlier.	1
Total sales for the period declined 8.0 percent to $1.99 billion from a year earlier.	The total sales for the period declined 8.0 percent to $1.99 billion from a year earlier.	1
Total sales for the period declined 8.0 percent to $1.99 billion from a year earlier.	Total sales for the period fell 8.0 percent to $1.99 billion from a year earlier.	1
U.S. law enforcement officials are sneering at Dar Heatherington's version of the events which thrust her into the public spotlight.	US law enforcement officials are sneering at Dar Heatherington's version of the events which thrust her into the public spotlight.	1
The Saudi newspaper Okaz reported Monday that suspects who escaped Saturday's raid fled in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca Sunday afternoon.	The Saudi newspaper Okaz reported Monday that the suspects who escaped Saturday's raid fled in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca Sunday afternoon.	1
The Saudi newspaper Okaz reported Monday that suspects who escaped Saturday's raid fled in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca Sunday afternoon.	Saudi newspaper Okaz reported Monday that suspects who escaped Saturday's raid fled in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca Sunday afternoon.	1
The Saudi newspaper Okaz reported Monday that suspects who escaped Saturday's raid fled in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca Sunday afternoon.	Saudi media Okaz reported Monday that suspects who escaped Saturday's raid fled in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca Sunday afternoon.	1
The Saudi newspaper Okaz reported Monday that suspects who escaped Saturday's raid fled in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca Sunday afternoon.	Saudi paper Okaz reported Monday that suspects who escaped Saturday's raid fled in a car that broke down on the outskirts of Mecca Sunday afternoon.	1
Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee, did not answer his phone Wednesday afternoon.	Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge, who is representing Lee, hasn't answered his phone Wednesday afternoon.	1
Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee, did not answer his phone Wednesday afternoon.	Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee, didn't answer his phone Wednesday afternoon.	1
Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee, did not answer his phone Wednesday afternoon.	Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge, who is representing Lee, did not answer his phone Wednesday afternoon.	1
Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee, did not answer his phone Wednesday afternoon.	Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge, who is representing Lee, didn't answer his phone Wednesday afternoon.	1
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.	In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent mark (U.S.) mark.	1
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.	In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent mark (U.S.)	1
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.	In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cents (U.S.) mark.	1
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.	In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cents mark.	1
In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (U.S.) mark.	In Canada, the booming dollar will be in focus again as it tries to stay above the 75 cent (US) mark.	1
They are tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery."	"They are tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery."	1
They are tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery."	"The consumers are tired of paying high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery.	1
They are tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery."	They are tired of paying the high cost of CD and DVD and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery."	1
They are tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery."	They are tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery. "	1
They are tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery."	Are consumers tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on demand media delivery?"	1
"The bolt catcher is not as robust as it is supposed to be," the board's chairman, retired Adm. Hal Gehman, said.	"The bolt catcher is not as robust as it is supposed to be," said the board's chairman, retired Adm. Hal Gehman.	1
"The bolt catcher is not as robust as it is supposed to be," the board's chairman, retired Adm. Hal Gehman, said.	"The bolt catcher isn't as robust as it is supposed to be," the board's chairman, retired Adm. Hal Gehman, said.	1
Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to "overweight" from "equal-weight" saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004.	Morgan Stanley raises its rating on the beverage maker to "overweight" from "equal-weight" saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004.	1
Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to "overweight" from "equal-weight" saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004.	Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to "overweight" from "equal-weight" in part because pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004.	1
Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to "overweight" from "equal-weight" saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004.	Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to "overweight" from "equal-weight" in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004.	1
Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to "overweight" from "equal-weight" saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004.	Morgan Stanley has raised its rating on the beverage maker to "overweight" from "equal-weight" in part because pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004.	1
Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to "overweight" from "equal-weight" saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004.	Morgan Stanley has raised its rating on the beverage maker to "overweight" from "equal-weight" saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004.	1
Morgan Stanley raised its rating on the beverage maker to "overweight" from "equal-weight" saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004.	Morgan Stanley increased its rating on the beverage maker to "overweight" from "equal-weight" saying in part that pricing power with its bottlers should improve in 2004.	1
The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to the Djihad Salafist.	1
The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihadist Salafist.	1
The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	1
The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad. Salafist.	1
The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	Al Mustapha Sahel, Interior Minister, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihadi Salafist.	1
The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihadist Salafist.	1
The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	"The Investigation Points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist, said the Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel.	1
The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad al-Salafist.	1
The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	Al Mustapha Sahel, the Interior Minister, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	1
The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	Nevertheless, Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	1
The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	1
The Interior Minister, Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	Interior Minister Al Mustapha Sahel, said the investigation "points to a group that has been arrested recently", an apparent reference to Djihad Salafist.	1
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.	The pound also showed progress against the dollar, reaching fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.	1
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.	The pound also made progress against the dollar, reaching fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.	1
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.	The pound made progress against the dollar, reaching fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.	1
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.	The pound made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.	1
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.	The pound, also making progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.	1
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.	The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three ring binder not related to the investigation.	1
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.	The report was found on Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.	1
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.	The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three ring binder, not related to the investigation.	1
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.	The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder that is not related to the investigation.	1
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.	The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder. The binder does not appear to be related to the investigation.	1
Among Fox viewers, 41 percent describe themselves as Republicans, 24 percent as Democrats and 30 percent as Independents.	As a Fox viewer, 41 percent describe themselves as Republicans, 24 percent as Democrats and 30 percent as Independents.	1
Among Fox viewers, 41 percent describe themselves as Republicans, 24 percent as Democrats and 30 percent as Independents.	Among viewers on Fox News, 41 percent describe themselves as Republicans, 24 percent as Democrats and 30 percent as Independents.	1
Among Fox viewers, 41 percent describe themselves as Republicans, 24 percent as Democrats and 30 percent as Independents.	In Fox viewership, 41 percent describe themselves as Republicans, 24 percent as Democrats and 30 percent as Independents.	1
Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas.	Islam immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send money to their families overseas.	1
Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas.	Islamic migrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas.	1
Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas.	Islamic immigrants use the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas.	1
Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas.	Muslim immigrants have used the networks, which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail, to send cash to their families overseas.	1
Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas.	Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families abroad.	1
Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas.	Islamic immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas.	1
Also arrested Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa, 34, a Mexican citizen who lives in Harlingen.	Also arrested Friday is Claudia Carrizales de Villa, 34, a Mexican citizen who lives in Harlingen.	1
Also arrested Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa, 34, a Mexican citizen who lives in Harlingen.	Also arrested on Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa, 34, a Mexican citizen who lives in Harlingen.	1
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.	"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon in a mosque.	1
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.	We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States.? "We condemn the Governing Council," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.	1
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.	We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.	1
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.	"We condemn the Governing Council of the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.	1
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.	We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States, says Muqtada al Sadr in a sermon at a mosque.	1
Mrs Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family car to work, so his wife and children had to ride with neighbours.	Mrs Boncyk's husband, Wayne, took the family car to work so his wife and children had to ride with neighbours.	1
Mrs Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family car to work, so his wife and children had to ride with neighbours.	Miss Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family car to work, so his wife and children had to ride with neighbours.	1
Mrs Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family car to work, so his wife and children had to ride with neighbours.	Mrs Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family car to work so his wife and children had to ride with neighbours.	1
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.	Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia worsens.	1
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.	Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short his visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.	1
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.	Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.	1
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.	Ukrainian president Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia worsens.	1
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.	Today Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.	1
For the weekend, the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.	The top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.	1
For the weekend, the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.	The best of the best 12 movies on weekend grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.	1
For the weekend, the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.	The top 12 movies for the weekend grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.	1
For the weekend, the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.	The top 12 movies have grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.	1
For the weekend, the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.	The top 12 movies topped $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.	1
For the weekend, the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.	In the weekend, the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.	1
For the weekend, the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.	The weekend, the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.	1
Platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after President Bush (news - web sites) proposed investing $1.2 billion for research on fuel cell-powered vehicles.	Platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after President Bush (news - web sites) proposed investing $1.2 billion in research into fuel cell-powered vehicles.	1
Platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after President Bush (news - web sites) proposed investing $1.2 billion for research on fuel cell-powered vehicles.	As of this writing, platinum prices soared to 23-year highs earlier this year after President Bush (news - web sites) proposed investing $1.2 billion for research on fuel cell powered vehicles.	1
"Nobody really knows what happened except me and that guard," Kaye said, "and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen."	"Nobody really knows what happened except me and that guard," Kaye said, and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen. "	1
"Nobody really knows what happened except me and that guard," Kaye said, "and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen."	"Nobody really knows what happened except me and that guard," Kaye said, "and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happened."	1
"Nobody really knows what happened except me and that guard," Kaye said, "and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen."	"None really knows what happened except me and that guard," Kaye said, "and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen."	1
"Nobody really knows what happened except me and that guard," Kaye said, "and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen."	"Nobody really knows what happened except me and that guard," Kaye said, and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen."	1
Qanbar said the council members would possibly elect a chairman later Sunday.	Qanbar said the council members might elect a chairman later Sunday.	1
Qanbar said the council members would possibly elect a chairman later Sunday.	Qanbar said the council would possibly elect a chairman later Sunday.	1
Qanbar said the council members would possibly elect a chairman later Sunday.	Qanbar says council members would possibly elect a chairman later on Sunday.	1
Qanbar said the council members would possibly elect a chairman later Sunday.	Qanbar said the council members will possibly elect a chairman later Sunday.	1
Qanbar said the council members would possibly elect a chairman later Sunday.	Qanbar said the council members could elect a chairman later Sunday.	1
Qanbar said the council members would possibly elect a chairman later Sunday.	Qanbar said the council members could elect a chairman later on Sunday.	1
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.	October heating oil futures settled.85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.	1
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.	October heating oil futures settled lower.85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.	1
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.	October Heating oil futures settled.85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.	1
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.	Oct. heating oil futures settled.85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.	1
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.	Oct heating oil futures settled.85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.	1
By 2007, antivirus solutions will carry a worldwide price tag of $4.4 billion--double that of five years earlier.	By 2007, antivirus will carry a worldwide price tag of $4.4 billion, double that of five years earlier.	1
ConAgra stock closed Monday on the New York Stock Exchange at $21.63 a share, down 11 cents.	On the New York Stock Exchange, ConAgra company closed on Monday at $21.63 a share, down 11 cents.	1
ConAgra stock closed Monday on the New York Stock Exchange at $21.63 a share, down 11 cents.	ConAgra stock closed at $21.63 a share on the New York Stock Exchange on Monday. This is down 11 cents.	1
One of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device or lock down the device should a user lose it.	One feature is the ability to delete data on a handheld device or lock down the device should a user lose it.	1
One of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device or lock down the device should a user lose it.	It is possible to delete data on a handheld or lock down the device if a user loses it.	1
Last month Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.	Last month Intel raised revenue guidance for the quarter to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.	1
Last month Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.	Last month, Intel raised its revenue guidance for the quarter to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.	1
"I just got carried away and started making stuff," Byrne said.	"I got carried away and started making stuff," Byrne said.	1
"I just got carried away and started making stuff," Byrne said.	I got carried away and started making stuff, Byrne said.	1
"I just got carried away and started making stuff," Byrne said.	I just got carried away and started making stuff," Byrne said.	1
"I just got carried away and started making stuff," Byrne said.	"I got carried away and started making things," Byrne said.	1
"I just got carried away and started making stuff," Byrne said.	I got carried away and started making stuff," Byrne said.	1
"I just got carried away and started making stuff," Byrne said.	I got carried away and started making things. I just started making stuff" Byrne said.	1
"I just got carried away and started making stuff," Byrne said.	I just got carried away and started making stuff, Byrne said.	1
Georgia cannot afford to not get funding," said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director.	Georgia cannot afford to not get funding" said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director.	1
Georgia cannot afford to not get funding," said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director.	"Georgia can't afford to not get funding," said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director.	1
Georgia cannot afford to not get funding," said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director.	"Georgia cannot afford to not get funding," said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director.	1
Georgia cannot afford to not get funding," said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director.	"Georgia cannot afford to not get funding" said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director.	1
Georgia cannot afford to not get funding," said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director.	Georgia can't afford to not get funding," said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director.	1
Georgia cannot afford to not get funding," said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director.	Georgia cannot afford to lose funding." said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director.	1
Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 shares of the parent company, Palm, Inc., for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own.	Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 shares of the parent company Palm, Inc. for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own.	1
Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 shares of the parent company, Palm, Inc., for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own.	Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 share of the parent company, Palm, Inc., for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own.	1
Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 shares of the parent company, Palm, Inc., for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own.	Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 shares of Palm, Inc. for each share of Handspring common stock they own.	1
Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 shares of the parent company, Palm, Inc., for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own.	Handspring shareholders will get $0.09 shares of the parent company, Palm, Inc., for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own.	1
Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 shares of the parent company, Palm, Inc., for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own.	Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 shares of the parent company Palm, Inc., for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own.	1
Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 shares of the parent company, Palm, Inc., for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own.	Handspring shareholders will get 0.09 shares of Palm, Inc. for each share of Handspring common stock they currently own.	1
Shares of Microsoft rose 50 cents Friday to close at $28.34 a share on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of Microsoft rose 50 cents on Friday to close at $28.34 a share on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Based on having at least one of the symptoms, most students had been hung over between three and 11 times in the previous year.	Based on having at least one of the symptoms, most students had been hung over between 3 and 11 times in the previous year.	1
Based on having at least one of the symptoms, most students had been hung over between three and 11 times in the previous year.	According to having at least one of the symptoms, most students had been hung over between 3 and 11 times in the previous year.	1
Based on having at least one of the symptoms, most students had been hung over between three and 11 times in the previous year.	With at least one of the symptoms, most students had been hung over between three and 11 times in the previous year.	1
Based on having at least one of the symptoms, most students had been hung over between three and 11 times in the previous year.	Most students had been hung over between three and 11 times in the previous year. Based on having at least one of the symptoms, most students had been hung over between three and 11 times in the previous year.	1
Tibco has used the Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products, according to the Palo Alto, California company.	Tibco uses the Rendezvous name for a number of its technology products since 1994, according to the Palo Alto, California company.	1
Tibco has used the Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products, according to the Palo Alto, California company.	Tibco has used Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products, according to the Palo Alto, California company.	1
Tibco has used the Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products, according to the Palo Alto, California company.	Tibco Technologies has used the Rendezvous name for its products since 1994 for several of its technology products, according to the Palo Alto, California company.	1
Tibco has used the Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products, according to the Palo Alto, California company.	Tibco has used Rendezvous since 1994 for several of its technology products, according to the Palo Alto, California company.	1
Tibco has used the Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products, according to the Palo Alto, California company.	Tibco uses Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products, according to the Palo Alto, California company.	1
Tibco has used the Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products, according to the Palo Alto, California company.	Tibco uses the Rendezvous name since 1994 for several of its technology products, according to the Palo Alto, California company.	1
In a televised interview on Wednesday, ECB President Wim Duisenberg said it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the 12-nation euro zone.	In a TV interview on Wednesday, ECB President Wim Duisenberg said it was too soon to discuss further interest rate cuts in the 12-nation euro zone.	1
Teenagers at high schools where condoms were available were no more likely to have sex than other teens, a study published Wednesday finds.	Teenagers at high schools where condoms were available were no more likely to have sex than other teens, a study published Wednesday found.	1
Teenagers at high schools where condoms were available were no more likely to have sex than other teens, a study published Wednesday finds.	Those at high schools who had condoms were not more likely to have sex than other teens, a study published Wednesday finds.	1
Teenagers at high schools where condoms were available were no more likely to have sex than other teens, a study published Wednesday finds.	In high school where condoms were available, teens were not more likely to have sex than other teens, a study published Wednesday finds.	1
Teenagers at high schools where condoms were available were no more likely to have sex than other teens, a study published Wednesday finds.	When condoms were not available at high schools, teens were less likely to have sex than other teens, a study published Wednesday found.	1
Later in the day, however, a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as being too complicated and too difficult to install.	Later in the day a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as too complicated and too difficult to install.	1
Later in the day, however, a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as being too complicated and too difficult to install.	Later on in the day, however, a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as being too complicated and too difficult to install.	1
Later in the day, however, a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as being too complicated and too difficult to install.	Later in the day, a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as being too complicated and too difficult to install.	1
Later in the day, however, a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as being too complicated and too difficult to install.	Late in the day, however, a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as too complicated and too difficult to install.	1
Later in the day, however, a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as being too complicated and too difficult to install.	Later in the day, however, a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as too complicated and too difficult to install.	1
They were found in a stolen van, said James Flateau, a spokesman for the state Department of Correctional Services.	They were found in a stolen van, said James Flateau, a spokesman for the state Department of Corrections Services.	1
They were found in a stolen van, said James Flateau, a spokesman for the state Department of Correctional Services.	The pair were found in a stolen van, said James Flateau, a spokesman for the state Department of Correctional Services.	1
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.	In a Post article on Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.	1
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.	On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely than not.	1
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.	In an article published on Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.	1
On Thursday, a Post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.	In a post article on Thursday, a post article argued that a 50 basis point cut from the Fed was more likely.	1
Sun was the lone major vendor to see its shipments decline, falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units.	Sun is the lone major vendor to see its shipments decline, falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units.	1
Sun was the lone major vendor to see its shipments decline, falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units.	Sun was the lone major vendor to see its shipments decline, 2.9 percent to 59,692 units.	1
Sun was the lone major vendor to see its shipments decline, falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units.	Sun Corp. was the only major vendor to see its shipments decline, falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units.	1
Sun was the lone major vendor to see its shipments decline, falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units.	Sun was the only major vendor to see its shipments decline, falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units.	1
Sun was the lone major vendor to see its shipments decline, falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units.	Sun shipments fell 2.9 percent to 59,692 units. The company is the lone major vendor to see its shipments decline, falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units.	1
Sun was the lone major vendor to see its shipments decline, falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units.	Sun is the only major vendor to see its shipments decline, falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units.	1
Sun was the lone major vendor to see its shipments decline, falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units.	Sun Inc. has been the lone major vendor to see its shipments decline, falling 2.9 percent to 59,692 units.	1
He is one of two Democrats on the five-member FCC, and he is a strong advocate of harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.	He is one of two Democrats on the five-member FCC, and he is a strong advocate for harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.	1
He is one of two Democrats on the five-member FCC, and he is a strong advocate of harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.	He is one of two Democrats on the Five-member FCC, and he is a strong advocate for harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.	1
He is one of two Democrats on the five-member FCC, and he is a strong advocate of harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.	He is one of two Democrats in the five-member FCC, and he is a strong advocate of harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.	1
He is one of two Democrats on the five-member FCC, and he is a strong advocate of harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.	He is one of the two Democrats on the five-member FCC, and he is a strong advocate for harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.	1
He is one of two Democrats on the five-member FCC, and he is a strong advocate of harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.	He is one of two Democrats in the five-member FCC, and he is a strong advocate for harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.	1
The city index outperformed the Dow Jones industrial average, which fell 0.9 percent for the week.	City index overperformed the Dow Jones industrial average, which fell 0.9 percent for the week.	1
The city index outperformed the Dow Jones industrial average, which fell 0.9 percent for the week.	City Index outperformed the Dow Jones industrial average, which fell 0.9 percent for the week.	1
The city index outperformed the Dow Jones industrial average, which fell 0.9 percent for the week.	City index outperformed the Dow Jones industrial average, which fell 0.9 percent for the week.	1
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	State media: there are at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	1
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	State media said there were 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	1
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	State media said 770 people were killed and over 5,600 were injured.	1
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	State media reported there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	1
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	The state media attributed the death to at least 770 people and over 5,600 for the injuries.	1
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	State media reported 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	1
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	The state media said that there were 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	1
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	The state media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	1
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	State media says there were 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	1
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	According to state media, there are at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	1
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	State media reported that there were 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	1
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	In a recent state media report there were at least 770 killed and over 5,600 injured.	1
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	State media said 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	1
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	State media said 770 people were dead and over 5,600 injured.	1
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	Various state media reported that there were 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	1
State media said there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	According to state media, there were at least 770 dead and over 5,600 injured.	1
In the first three months of 2003 alone, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5% -- the biggest drop in more than a decade," Lieberman said.	In the first three months of 2003 alone, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5% -- the biggest drop in more than a decade" Lieberman said.	1
In the first three months of 2003 alone, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5% -- the biggest drop in more than a decade," Lieberman said.	In the first three months of 2003 alone, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5%. "The biggest drop in more than a decade," Lieberman said.	1
In the first three months of 2003 alone, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5% -- the biggest drop in more than a decade," Lieberman said.	In the first three months of 2003 alone, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5%, the biggest drop in more than a decade," Lieberman said.	1
In the first three months of 2003 alone, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5% -- the biggest drop in more than a decade," Lieberman said.	In the first three months of 2003 alone, weekly earnings adjusted for inflation fell 1.5% -- the biggest drop in more than a decade, Lieberman said.	1
The statistical analysis was published Tuesday in Circulation, a journal of the American Heart Association (news - web sites).	The statistical analysis was published Tuesday in Circulation, a journal of the American Heart Association (news - web sites)	1
The statistical analysis was published Tuesday in Circulation, a journal of the American Heart Association (news - web sites).	This statistical analysis was published Tuesday in Circulation, a journal of the American Heart Association (news - web sites).	1
President George W. Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war.	George W. Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons program as the main justification for going to war.	1
President George W. Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war.	George W. Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war.	1
"This man gambled with our lives and we, the passengers, lost," said Andres Rivera Jr., who was also on the bus.	"This man gambled with our lives and we, the passengers, lost," said Andres Rivera Jr., a passenger in the bus.	1
IG Farben's 500 properties were valued at around 38-million euros (about R300-million) and the firm had debts totalling about 28-million.	IG Farben' 500 properties were valued at around 38-million euros (about R300-million) and the firm had debts totalling about 28-million.	1
IG Farben's 500 properties were valued at around 38-million euros (about R300-million) and the firm had debts totalling about 28-million.	Ig Farben' 500 properties were valued at around 38-million euros (about R300-million) and the firm had debts totalling about 28-million.	1
IG Farben's 500 properties were valued at around 38-million euros (about R300-million) and the firm had debts totalling about 28-million.	The IG Farben 500 properties were valued at around 38-million euros (about R300-million) and the firm had debts totalling about 28-million.	1
IG Farben's 500 properties were valued at around 38-million euros (about R300-million) and the firm had debts totalling about 28-million.	IG Farben's 500 properties were valued at around 38-million euros (about R300-million) and the firm had debts totalling around 28-million.	1
The company's operating loss rose 59 percent to $73 million, from $46 million a year earlier.	The company's operating loss rose 59 percent to $73 million, from $46 million in a year earlier.	1
The company's operating loss rose 59 percent to $73 million, from $46 million a year earlier.	- The company's operating loss rose 59 percent to $73 million, from $46 million a year earlier.	1
The company's operating loss rose 59 percent to $73 million, from $46 million a year earlier.	Company's operating loss rose 59 percent to $73 million, from $46 million a year earlier.	1
The company's operating loss rose 59 percent to $73 million, from $46 million a year earlier.	Operating loss of the company rose 59 percent to $73 million, from $46 million a year earlier.	1
The company's operating loss rose 59 percent to $73 million, from $46 million a year earlier.	In a year, the company's operating loss rose 59 percent to $73 million, from $46 million a year earlier.	1
The agent, Bassem Youssef, filed the lawsuit on Friday in Federal District Court for the District of Columbia.	In the lawsuit, the agent, Bassem Youssef, filed on Friday in Federal District Court for the District of Columbia.	1
The agent, Bassem Youssef, filed the lawsuit on Friday in Federal District Court for the District of Columbia.	This lawsuit was filed on Friday by Bassem Youssef. The agent, Bassem Youssef, filed the lawsuit on Friday in Federal District Court for the District of Columbia.	1
The agent, Bassem Youssef, filed the lawsuit on Friday in Federal District Court for the District of Columbia.	Bassem Youssef, the agent, filed the lawsuit on Friday in Federal District Court for the District of Columbia.	1
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.	Driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from bus, Wood said.	1
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.	Driver Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.	1
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.	Driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.	1
The driver, Eugene Rogers, helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.	Driver Eugene Rogers helped to remove children from the bus, Wood said.	1
"Smallpox is not the only threat to the public's health, and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness," Strom said.	Smallpox is not the only threat to the public's health, and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness," Strom said.	1
"Smallpox is not the only threat to the public's health, and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness," Strom said.	"Smallpox is not the only threat to public health, and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness," Strom said.	1
"Smallpox is not the only threat to the public's health, and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness," Strom said.	"It is not the only threat to public health and vaccination is not the only tool to protect against smallpox," Strom said.	1
Mr Abbas said: "Every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost.	"Every day without agreement is an opportunity that was lost," said Mr Abbas.	1
Mr Abbas said: "Every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost.	Mr Abbas said: "Everyday without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost.	1
Mr Abbas said: "Every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost.	Mr. Abbas said: "Every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost."	1
Mr Abbas said: "Every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost.	Mr Abbas said every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost.	1
Mr Abbas said: "Every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost.	Mr Abbas said: "Every day without agreement is an opportunity that was lost.	1
Mr Abbas said: "Every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost.	Mr Abbas said: "Every day without agreement is an opportunity that was lost. "	1
Mr Abbas said: "Every day without an agreement is an opportunity that was lost.	Mr Abbas said: "Every day without agreement is an opportunity that was lost."	1
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."	"We remain hopeful that the city will work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."	1
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."	"We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."	1
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."	We remain hopeful that the city will continue to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."	1
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."	We remain hopeful that the city will work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."	1
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."	We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue.	1
Later in the day, a standoff developed between French soldiers and a Hema battlewagon that attempted to pass the UN compound.	And then, later in the day, a standoff developed between French soldiers and a Hema battlewagon that attempted to pass the UN compound.	1
"By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war," Lieberman said.	By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war," Lieberman said.	1
"By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war," Lieberman said.	By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war, Lieberman said.	1
Even without call center requests, companies using the handset option must have 95 percent of their customers using the technology by the end of 2005.	Even without call center requests, companies using the phone option must have 95 percent of their customers using the technology by the end of 2005.	1
Even without call center requests, companies using the handset option must have 95 percent of their customers using the technology by the end of 2005.	Even with no call center requests, companies using the handset option must have 95 percent of their customers using the technology by the end of 2005.	1
ONG KONG, July 9 Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered tonight before the legislature building here to call for free elections and the resignation of Hong Kong's leader.	ONG KONG, July 9 Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered tonight before the legislature building to call for free elections and the resignation of Hong Kong's leader.	1
ONG KONG, July 9 Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered tonight before the legislature building here to call for free elections and the resignation of Hong Kong's leader.	Hong Kong, July 9 Tens of thousands of demonstrators gathered tonight before the legislature building here to call for free elections and the resignation of Hong Kong's leader.	1
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.	About 120 potential jurors were asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.	1
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.	Microsoft lost 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.	1
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.	Microsoft declined 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.	1
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.	Microsoft has dropped 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91. Microsoft lost 5 percent before the open.	1
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.	Microsoft dropped 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.	1
U.S. Airways ordered 85 Bombardier jets with 50 seats and 75 seats and 85 Embraer jets with 70 seats, it said in a release.	U.S. Airways has ordered 85 Bombardier jets with 50 seats and 75 seats and 85 Embraer jets with 70 seats, it said in a release.	1
U.S. Airways ordered 85 Bombardier jets with 50 seats and 75 seats and 85 Embraer jets with 70 seats, it said in a release.	U.S. Airways has ordered 85 Bombardier jets with 50 and 75 seats, and 85 Embraer jets with 70 seats, it said in a release.	1
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.	The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter of this year.	1
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.	Both companies' board of directors have approved the acquisition and it is expected to close in the third quarter this year.	1
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.	This acquisition was approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.	1
The acquisition has been approved by both companies' board of directors and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.	Both companies' board of directors approved the acquisition and is expected to close in the third quarter this year.	1
The 39-year-old Luster initially gave police a false name, but later revealed his true identity.	The 39-year-old Luster gave police a false name but later revealed his true identity.	1
The 39-year-old Luster initially gave police a false name, but later revealed his true identity.	The 39-year-old luderer initially gave police a false name, but later revealed his true identity.	1
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.	In a statement distributed on Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.	1
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.	In a statement distributed on Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they will boycott the vote.	1
In a statement distributed Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations said they would boycott the vote.	In a statement distributed on Friday, 28 Chechen non-governmental organizations say they will boycott the vote.	1
If the companies won't, their drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state's say-so.	If the companies don't, their drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state's say-so.	1
If the companies won't, their drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state's say-so.	If the companies won't, their drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state's say so.	1
If the companies won't, their drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state's say-so.	If the companies don't, their drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state's say-so. If the companies won't, their drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state's say-so.	1
If the companies won't, their drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state's say-so.	If the companies don't, their drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state's say-so. If the companies don't, their drugs could be prescribed to Medicaid patients only with the state's say-so.	1
Saddam loyalists have been blamed for sabotaging the nation's infrastructure, as well as frequent attacks on U.S. soldiers.	Saddamists have been blamed for sabotaging the nation's infrastructure as well as frequent attacks on U.S. soldiers.	1
"It's a huge black eye," said New York Times Company chairman Arthur Sulzberger.	"It's a huge black eye," said New York Times chairman Arthur Sulzberger.	1
"It's a huge black eye," said New York Times Company chairman Arthur Sulzberger.	"It's a huge black eye," said New York Times Chairman Arthur Sulzberger.	1
"It's a huge black eye," said New York Times Company chairman Arthur Sulzberger.	"It's a huge black eye," said Arthur Sulzberger, chairman of The New York Times Company.	1
"It's a huge black eye," said New York Times Company chairman Arthur Sulzberger.	"It's a huge black eye," said Arthur Sulzberger, chairman of the New York Times Company.	1
"It's a huge black eye," said New York Times Company chairman Arthur Sulzberger.	"It's a huge black eye," said Arthur Sulzberger, Chairman of the New York Times Company.	1
Singer Brandy and her husband, Robert Smith, have called it quits.	Singer Brandy and her husband Robert Smith have called it quits.	1
She told Murray, "We ... we have ... the fresh air is going down fast!"	She told Murray, "We have... fresh air is going down fast!"	1
She told Murray, "We ... we have ... the fresh air is going down fast!"	She tells Murray, "We... we have... the fresh air is going down fast!"	1
She told Murray, "We ... we have ... the fresh air is going down fast!"	She told Murray, "We... we have... the fresh air is going down fast!"	1
She told Murray, "We ... we have ... the fresh air is going down fast!"	She told Murray, "We... we have... the fresh air is going down fast!	1
She told Murray, "We ... we have ... the fresh air is going down fast!"	On the surface, she told Murray, "We... we have... the fresh air is going down fast!"	1
She told Murray, "We ... we have ... the fresh air is going down fast!"	She told Murray, "We have... the fresh air is going down fast!"	1
She told Murray, "We ... we have ... the fresh air is going down fast!"	She said Murray, "We... we have... the fresh air is going down fast!"	1
She told Murray, "We ... we have ... the fresh air is going down fast!"	She told Murray that, "We... we have... the fresh air is going down fast!"	1
"The president's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising, and the campaign will again in 2004," Bush campaign spokesman Dan Ronayne said.	The president's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising, and the campaign will again in 2004," Bush campaign spokesman Dan Ronayne said.	1
"The president's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising, and the campaign will again in 2004," Bush campaign spokesman Dan Ronayne said.	'The president's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure of political fund raising and the campaign will again in 2004,' Bush campaign spokesman Dan Ronayne said.	1
"The president's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising, and the campaign will again in 2004," Bush campaign spokesman Dan Ronayne said.	"The president's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure of political fund raising, and the campaign will again in 2004," Bush campaign spokesman Dan Ronayne said.	1
"The president's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising, and the campaign will again in 2004," Bush campaign spokesman Dan Ronayne said.	The president's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising, and the campaign will again in 2004," said Bush campaign spokesman Dan Ronayne.	1
On April 11, Mayor Bart Peterson said it was "inconceivable" that the airline would resume operations at the base that had employed 1,500 workers, including 1,100 mechanics.	On April 11, Mayor Bart Peterson said it was "inconceivable" that the airline would resume operations at the base that employed 1,500 workers, including 1,100 mechanics.	1
Dotson was arrested Monday in his native Maryland and charged with murder.	Dotson was arrested on Monday in his native Maryland and charged with murder.	1
Its closest living relatives are a family frogs called sooglossidae that are found only in the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean.	Seychelles: Its closest living relatives are a family frog called sooglossidae that are found only in the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean.	1
Its closest living relatives are a family frogs called sooglossidae that are found only in the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean.	Its closest living relatives are a family frog called sooglossidae that are found only in the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean.	1
Its closest living relatives are a family frogs called sooglossidae that are found only in the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean.	Its closest living relatives are family frogs called sooglossidae that are found only in the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean.	1
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.	Another was seriously in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.	1
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.	Another is in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.	1
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.	One patient was seriously injured at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.	1
The 1 5/8 percent note maturing in April 2005 gained 1/16 to 100 13/32, lowering its yield 1 basis points to 1.41 percent.	The 1 5/8 percent note maturing in April 2005 gained 1/16 to 100 13/32, lowering its yield one basis point to 1.41 percent.	1
The 1 5/8 percent note maturing in April 2005 gained 1/16 to 100 13/32, lowering its yield 1 basis points to 1.41 percent.	With the 1 5/8 percent note maturing in April 2005 gained 1/16 to 100 13/32, lowering its yield 1 basis points to 1.41 percent.	1
The 1 5/8 percent note maturing in April 2005 gained 1/16 to 100 13/32, lowering its yield 1 basis points to 1.41 percent.	1 5/8 percent note maturing in April 2005 gained 1/16 to 100 13/32, lowering its yield 1 basis points to 1.41 percent.	1
The 1 5/8 percent note maturing in April 2005 gained 1/16 to 100 13/32, lowering its yield 1 basis points to 1.41 percent.	Hence the 1 5/8 percent note maturing in April 2005 gained 1/16 to 100 13/32, lowering its yield 1 basis points to 1.41 percent.	1
The 1 5/8 percent note maturing in April 2005 gained 1/16 to 100 13/32, lowering its yield 1 basis points to 1.41 percent.	The note of 1 5/8 percent maturing in April 2005 gained 1/16 to 100 13/32, lowering its yield 1 basis points to 1.41 percent.	1
Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have stayed secret for a half-century.	Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have remained secret for a half-century.	1
Williams was White, and four of his victims were Black; the fifth was White.	Williams was White. Four of his victims were Black; the fifth was White.	1
Williams was White, and four of his victims were Black; the fifth was White.	Williams was White; four of his victims were Black; the fifth was White.	1
Williams was White, and four of his victims were Black; the fifth was White.	William Williams was White, and four of his victims were Black; the fifth was White.	1
A hearing on the matter was held Thursday morning in Fulton County Superior Court, marking one of the early steps in deciding the case of Matthew Whitley.	A hearing was held Thursday morning in Fulton County Superior Court, marking one of the early steps in deciding the case of Matthew Whitley.	1
A hearing on the matter was held Thursday morning in Fulton County Superior Court, marking one of the early steps in deciding the case of Matthew Whitley.	The hearing was held on Thursday morning in Fulton County Superior Court, marking one of the early steps in deciding the case of Matthew Whitley.	1
Arts helped coach the youth on an eighth-grade football team at Lombardi Middle School in Green Bay.	Let's face it, Arts helped coach the youth on an eighth-grade football team at Lombardi Middle School in Green Bay.	1
Atlantic Coast will continue its operations as a Delta Connections carrier.	Atlantic Coast will retain its operations as a Delta Connections carrier.	1
Atlantic Coast will continue its operations as a Delta Connections carrier.	Atlantic Coast will continue to operate as Delta Connections carrier.	1
Atlantic Coast will continue its operations as a Delta Connections carrier.	Atlantic Coast has agreed to continue its operation as a Delta Connections carrier.	1
Atlantic Coast will continue its operations as a Delta Connections carrier.	Atlantic Coast will continue as Delta Connections carrier.	1
Atlantic Coast will continue its operations as a Delta Connections carrier.	Atlantic Coast continues its operations as a Delta Connections carrier.	1
Atlantic Coast will continue its operations as a Delta Connections carrier.	Atlantic Coast will continue operations as a Delta Connections carrier.	1
Atlantic Coast will continue its operations as a Delta Connections carrier.	Atlantic Coast will continue to operate as a Delta Connections carrier.	1
Atlantic Coast will continue its operations as a Delta Connections carrier.	Atlantic Coast will continue to be operated by Delta Connections.	1
Atlantic Coast will continue its operations as a Delta Connections carrier.	Atlantic Coast will continue to operate as Delta Connections.	1
"It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez, who is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.	"It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez. Hernandez is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.	1
"It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez, who is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.	It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez, who is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.	1
"It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez, who is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.	"It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez, a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.	1
"It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez, who is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.	"It's amazing to be a part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez. Hernandez is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.	1
"It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez, who is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.	It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young, said Hernandez, who is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.	1
"It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez, who is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.	Is it amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez, a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.	1
"It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez, who is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.	Is it really exciting to be a part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez, a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.	1
"It's amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez, who is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.	Is it amazing to be part of an industry that rewards its young," said Hernandez, who is a recent graduate of Parsons School of Design.	1
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.	The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australia Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.	1
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.	The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the idea after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.	1
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.	The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the proposal after a meeting in London with Australian tourism Minister Joe Hockey.	1
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.	The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.	1
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School, Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	1
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	Ryan Harvey, outfielder from Dunedin High School, Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	1
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	Ryan Harvey, a outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	1
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	Ryan Harvey is an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida. He was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	1
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was picked with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	1
Technology stocks make up 42 percent of the Nasdaq, which fell 49.95 points, or 2.9 percent, to 1,698.02.	Tech stocks make up 42 percent of the Nasdaq, which fell 49.95 points, or 2.9 percent, to 1,698.02.	1
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.	The bulk of the funds, around $65 billion, will go to military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.	1
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.	Total military spending of $65 billion is expected to be spent on operations in Afghanistan and Iraq.	1
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.	The bulk of the funds, around $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.	1
The new capabilities will provide IBM customers a way to create, publish, manage and archive Web-based content within a corporate intranet, extranet and Internet environment.	New capabilities will provide IBM customers a way to create, publish, manage and archive Web-based content within a corporate intranet, extranet and Internet environment.	1
The new capabilities will provide IBM customers a way to create, publish, manage and archive Web-based content within a corporate intranet, extranet and Internet environment.	IBM will provide IBM customers a way to create, publish, manage and archive Web-based content within a corporate intranet, extranet and Internet environment.	1
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.	When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right, said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.	1
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.	When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right,” said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.	1
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.	'When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right' said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.	1
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.	"When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.	1
A $500 million natural-gas-fired power plant, for example, could replace up to $100 million in boilers yearly without adding new smog controls.	A $500 million natural gas-fired power plant could replace up to $100 million in boilers yearly without adding new smog controls.	1
A $500 million natural-gas-fired power plant, for example, could replace up to $100 million in boilers yearly without adding new smog controls.	A $500 million natural gas-fired power plant could replace up to $100 million in boilers yearly without adding new smog control.	1
A $500 million natural-gas-fired power plant, for example, could replace up to $100 million in boilers yearly without adding new smog controls.	A $500 million natural gas-fired power plant, for example, could replace up to $100 million in boilers yearly without adding new smog controls.	1
On Sunday, the experts will perform the first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident in the United States.	On Sunday, experts will perform the first simultaneous release of five whales from a single stranding incident in the United States.	1
Shares of AstraZeneca AZN.N , Europe's second biggest drugmaker, rose 3.71 percent to close at $43.05 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of AstraZeneca AZN.N, Europe's second biggest drugmaker, rose 3.71 percent to close at $43.05 on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.	Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.	1
"This blackout was largely preventable," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said.	"This blackout was largely preventable," said Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham.	1
"This blackout was largely preventable," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said.	"This blackout was largely preventable," said energy secretary Spencer Abraham.	1
"This blackout was largely preventable," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said.	"The Blackout was largely preventable," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said.	1
"This blackout was largely preventable," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said.	This blackout was largely preventable, Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said.	1
"This blackout was largely preventable," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said.	"The blackout was largely preventable," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said.	1
"This blackout was largely preventable," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said.	This blackout was largely preventable," Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said.	1
Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.	Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, said the meteorology department.	1
Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.	Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, the meteorological department said.	1
Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.	Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, said the meteorological department.	1
Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.	Weather Service: Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.	1
Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.	Typhoon Maemi moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.	1
Along with chip.m.aker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., International Business Machines Corp., Gateway Inc., Nokia Corp. and others.	With chip.m.aker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., International Business Machines Corp., Gateway Inc., Nokia Corp. and others.	1
Along with chip.m.aker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., International Business Machines Corp., Gateway Inc., Nokia Corp. and others.	And along with chip.m.aker Intel, the companies include Sony Corp., Microsoft Corp., Hewlett-Packard Co., International Business Machines Corp., Gateway Inc., Nokia Corp. and others.	1
Officials developed plans to burn about 2,000 acres of dense forest near the park's southwest border by dropping incendiary devices, hoping to burn off fuel from the wildfire's path.	Officials developed plans to burn about 2,000 acres of dense forest near the park's southwest border by dropping incendiary devices. They hope to burn off fuel from the fire's path.	1
At last nights protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail."	At last nights protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail"	1
At last nights protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail."	At the last night protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail"	1
At last nights protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail."	Last nights protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail"	1
At last nights protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail."	At the last nights protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail"	1
At last nights protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail."	At last night protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail."	1
At last nights protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail."	At last night protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, LEIU should go to jail"	1
At last nights protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail."	At last night protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, LEIU should go to jail."	1
At last nights protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail."	At last night protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail"	1
At last nights protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail."	At last nights protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail!"	1
At last nights protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail."	At the protest last night, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail."	1
At last nights protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail."	At the protest last nights protest, demonstratorschanted "tapping our phones, reading our mail, the LEIU should go to jail"	1
"It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short-lived or long-lived," Mr. Sprayregen said.	"It remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short-lived or long-lived," Mr. Sprayregen said.	1
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.	About 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.	1
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.	A total of 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.	1
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.	An estimated 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.	1
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.	A total of 14000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.	1
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.	Oklahoma Gas and Electric said there were 14,000 customers without power in the area.	1
Some 14,000 customers were without power in the area, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.	In Oklahoma, about 14,000 customers were without power, Oklahoma Gas and Electric said.	1
"The SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 percent" growth rate, George Scalise, the trade association's president, said in a statement.	"The SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 percent growth rate, George Scalise, the trade association's president, said in a statement.	1
"The SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 percent" growth rate, George Scalise, the trade association's president, said in a statement.	The SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 percent growth rate, George Scalise, the trade association's president, said in a statement.	1
"The SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 percent" growth rate, George Scalise, the trade association's president, said in a statement.	"The SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 percent growth rate," George Scalise, the trade association's president, said in a statement.	1
"The SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 percent" growth rate, George Scalise, the trade association's president, said in a statement.	Is the SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 percent" growth rate, George Scalise, the trade association's president, said in a statement.	1
Eighty-six seriously wounded U.N. workers were airlifted out for medical care.	Eighty-six seriously wounded U.N. workers were airlifted out for medical treatment.	1
Burns believed that confessing a crime he did not commit was the only way out, Richardson said.	Burns believed in confessing a crime he did not commit was the only way out, Richardson said.	1
Burns believed that confessing a crime he did not commit was the only way out, Richardson said.	Burns believes that confessing a crime that he did not commit was the only way out, Richardson said.	1
Burns believed that confessing a crime he did not commit was the only way out, Richardson said.	Richardson: Burns believed that confessing to a crime he did not commit was the only way out.	1
Burns believed that confessing a crime he did not commit was the only way out, Richardson said.	Burns believes confessing to a crime he did not commit was the only way out, Richardson said.	1
Phone calls to Spitzer's office, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned.	Telephone calls to Spitzer's office, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned.	1
Phone calls to Spitzer's office, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned.	Calls to Spitzer's office, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned.	1
Instead, the high court said that drug makers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.	Instead, the high court said that drug manufacturers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.	1
Instead, the high court said that drug makers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.	Instead, the high court said that drug makers did not adequately show why the plan should not take effect.	1
Instead, the high court said that drug makers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.	Instead, the High Court said that drug manufacturers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.	1
Instead, the high court said that drug makers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.	Instead, the high court said that drug manufacturers did not adequately prove why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.	1
Instead, the high court said that drug makers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.	But the high court said that drug makers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.	1
Instead, the high court said that drug makers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.	Instead, the high court said that drug makers did not adequately demonstrate why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.	1
Medical experts said the condition was mildly worrying but easily-manageable.	Medical experts said the condition was mildly worrying but easily manageable.	1
Medical experts said the condition was mildly worrying but easily-manageable.	Medical experts said the condition was mildly worrying but easily-managed.	1
Medical experts said the condition was mildly worrying but easily-manageable.	Physicians said the condition was mildly worrying but easily manageable.	1
Medical experts said the condition was mildly worrying but easily-manageable.	Doctors said the condition was mildly worrying but easily-managed.	1
Joan B. Kroc, the billionaire widow of McDonald's Corp. founder Ray Kroc, died Sunday after a brief bout with brain cancer.	Joan B. Kroc, the billionaire widow of McDonald's Corp. founder Ray Kroc, died Sunday after a brief bout of brain cancer.	1
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.	Company has expanded into providing other services to customers, including payment services.	1
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.	Company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.	1
She was surrounded by about 50 women who regret having abortions.	I remember that she was surrounded by about 50 women who regret having abortions.	1
She was surrounded by about 50 women who regret having abortions.	She is surrounded by about 50 women who regret having abortions.	1
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.	Cooley said he expects Muhammad to similarly be called as a witness in a pretrial hearing for Malvo.	1
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.	Cooley said he expects Muhammad to similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing in Malvo.	1
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.	Cooley said he expects Muhammad to similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.	1
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.	Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness in a pretrial hearing for Malvo.	1
Revelations of the expenditures shocked some employees at Delta, an airline that is cutting jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers.	The airline is cutting jobs due to increased security and fewer passengers. Revelations of the expenditures shocked some employees at Delta, an airline that is cutting jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers.	1
Revelations of the expenditures shocked some employees at Delta, an airline that is cutting jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers.	The expenditures shocked some employees at Delta, an airline that is cutting jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers.	1
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania, but State Police Trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now.	State Police Trooper Tom Kelly said Selenski’s search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania, but he acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now.	1
The calculation shows that the number of deaths from pneumonia and influenza have exceeded the usual number for recent weeks.	The calculation shows that the number of deaths from pneumonia and influenza has exceeded the usual number for recent weeks.	1
The calculation shows that the number of deaths from pneumonia and influenza have exceeded the usual number for recent weeks.	It is determined that the number of deaths from pneumonia and influenza has exceeded the usual number for recent weeks.	1
Researchers at Sweden's Karolinska Institute reanalyzed data from more than 2,000 infants who had been treated with radiation for a benign birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959.	Researchers from Sweden's Karolinska Institute reanalyzed data from more than 2,000 infants who had been treated with radiation for a benign birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959.	1
Researchers at Sweden's Karolinska Institute reanalyzed data from more than 2,000 infants who had been treated with radiation for a benign birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959.	Research at Sweden's Karolinska Institute reanalyzed data from more than 2,000 infants who had been treated with radiation for a benign birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959.	1
Researchers at Sweden's Karolinska Institute reanalyzed data from more than 2,000 infants who had been treated with radiation for a benign birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959.	The researchers at Sweden's Karolinska Institute reanalyzed data from more than 2,000 infants who had been treated with radiation for a benign birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959.	1
Researchers at Sweden's Karolinska Institute reanalyzed data from more than 2,000 infants who had been treated with radiation for a benign birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959.	Scientists at Sweden's Karolinska Institute reanalyzed data from more than 2,000 infants who had been treated with radiation for a benign birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959.	1
Outside the court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.	Outside court, Sriyanto, who faces up to 25 years' jail, denied he had done anything wrong.	1
The state, which previously conducted two triple executions and two double executions, says the policy is designed to reduce stress on its prison staff.	This state, which previously conducted two triple executions and two double executions, says the policy is designed to reduce stress on its prison staff.	1
The state, which previously conducted two triple executions and two double executions, says the policy is designed to reduce stress on its prison staff.	In the past, the state, which previously conducted two triple executions and two double executions, says the policy is designed to reduce stress on its prison staff.	1
The little girl, the daughter of a teller, was taken to the bank after a doctor's appointment.	The girl, the daughter of a teller, was taken to a bank after a doctor's appointment.	1
The little girl, the daughter of a teller, was taken to the bank after a doctor's appointment.	The girl, the daughter of a teller, was taken to the bank after a doctor's appointment.	1
At least 23 U.S. troops have been killed by hostile fire since Bush declared major combat in Iraq to be over on May 1.	At least 23 U.S. troops have been killed by hostile fire since Bush declared major combat in Iraq to be over on May 1st.	1
"Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company said in a statement.	“Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset,” the company said in a statement.	1
"Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company said in a statement.	Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset." the company said in a statement	1
"Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company said in a statement.	Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," Apple said in a statement.	1
"Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company said in a statement.	Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company said in a statement.	1
"Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company said in a statement.	Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset, the company said in a statement.	1
Even later in life, he was still cashing in: lately, he earned money by calling fans on the telephone with the service www.HollywoodIsCalling.com.	Even later in life, he was still cashing in: lately, he earned money by calling fans on the phone with the service www.HollywoodIsCalling.com.	1
Even later in life, he was still cashing in: lately, he earned money by calling fans on the telephone with the service www.HollywoodIsCalling.com.	Even later in life, he was still cashing in: lately, lately, he earned money by calling fans on the telephone with the service www.HollywoodIsCalling.com.	1
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.	The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenue from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.	1
A sign outside the Peachtree Restaurant reads: "Pray for Eric Rudolph."	From outside the Peachtree Restaurant a sign reads: "Pray for Eric Rudolph."	1
A sign outside the Peachtree Restaurant reads: "Pray for Eric Rudolph."	A sign outside the Peachtree Restaurant reads "Pray for Eric Rudolph"	1
In a statement, the company said both bids would allow Vivendi to "maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."	In a statement, the company said both bids would allow Vivendi to "maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential".	1
In a statement, the company said both bids would allow Vivendi to "maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."	The company said both bids would allow Vivendi to "maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."	1
In a statement, the company said both bids would allow Vivendi to "maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."	Both bids would allow Vivendi to "maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential," the company said in a statement.	1
In a statement, the company said both bids would allow Vivendi to "maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."	Both bids will allow Vivendi to maintain a substantial minority interest in a U.S. media corporation with excellent growth potential."	1
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.	In Vienna, the IAEA confirmed ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.	1
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.	IAEA in Vienna says ElBaradei will accept the invitation, although no date had been set.	1
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.	The IAEA in Vienna said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.	1
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.	The IAEA announced in Vienna that ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.	1
In Vienna, the IAEA said ElBaradei would accept the invitation, although no date had yet been set.	IAEA announced that ElBaradei would accept the invitation in Vienna, though no date had yet been set.	1
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.	A 25 percent increase in undergraduate tuition would raise to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.	1
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.	A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.	1
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.	The proposed increase of 25 percent would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.	1
From July 1, 2002, to June 30, 2003, the organization said it spent $114.3 million but took in only $39.5 million.	Between July 1, 2002, and June 30, 2003, the organization said it spent $114.3 million but took in only $39.5 million.	1
From July 1, 2002, to June 30, 2003, the organization said it spent $114.3 million but took in only $39.5 million.	Between July 1, 2002 and June 30, 2003, the organization said it spent $114.3 million but took in only $39.5 million.	1
From July 1, 2002, to June 30, 2003, the organization said it spent $114.3 million but took in only $39.5 million.	Between July 1, 2002, to June 30, 2003, the organization said it spent $114.3 million but took in only $39.5 million.	1
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.	Hundreds of journalists and photographers stormed the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.	1
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.	Hundreds of reporters and photographers flooded the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.	1
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.	Hundreds of reporters and photographers crowded the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.	1
Hundreds of reporters and photographers swamped the courthouse grounds before the hearing, which was carried live on national cable networks.	The hearing was broadcast live on national cable networks. Hundreds of reporters and photographers filled the courthouse grounds before the hearing.	1
The 20 master computers are located in the United States, Canada and Korea, Mr. Kuo said.	All 20 master computers are located in United States, Canada and Korea, Mr. Kuo said.	1
The 20 master computers are located in the United States, Canada and Korea, Mr. Kuo said.	In total, the 20 master computers are located in the United States, Canada and Korea, Mr. Kuo said.	1
They said: “We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke-free.	They said: “We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke free.	1
They said: “We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke-free.	"We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke free."	1
They said: “We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke-free.	"We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke free.	1
They said: “We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke-free.	In a statement, they said: "We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke free.	1
They said: “We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke-free.	“We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke-free.	1
They said: “We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke-free.	They said: "We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke-free.	1
They said: “We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke-free.	They said: "We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke free.	1
Milwaukee prosecutors charged a church minister with physical abuse in the death of an 8-year-old autistic boy who died during a healing service.	a Milwaukee prosecutors charged a church minister with physical abuse in the death of an 8-year-old autistic boy who died during a healing service.	1
Niels told an interviewer in 1999 he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years.	Niels told an interviewer in 1999 that he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years.	1
Niels told an interviewer in 1999 he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years.	Niels stated an interviewer in 1999 that he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years.	1
Niels told an interviewer in 1999 he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years.	Niels Niels told an interviewer in 1999 that he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years.	1
The new effort, Taxpayers Against the Recall, will be formally launched Wednesday outside a Sacramento fire station.	The new effort, Taxpayers Against The Recall, will be formally launched Wednesday outside of a Sacramento fire station.	1
Furthermore, chest tightness after exercise and prevalence of asthma were both linked to the amount of time spent at the pool.	In addition, chest tightness after exercise and prevalence of asthma were both linked to the amount of time spent at the pool.	1
Furthermore, chest tightness after exercise and prevalence of asthma were both linked to the amount of time spent at the pool.	Notably, chest tightness after exercise and prevalence of asthma were both linked to the amount of time spent at the pool.	1
Furthermore, chest tightness after exercise and prevalence of asthma were both linked to the amount of time spent at the pool.	Additionally, chest tightness after exercise and prevalence of asthma were both linked to the amount of time spent at the pool.	1
Furthermore, chest tightness after exercise and prevalence of asthma were both linked to the amount of time spent at the pool.	Plus, chest tightness after exercise and prevalence of asthma were both linked to the amount of time spent at the pool.	1
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.	British police arrest 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.	1
British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames River.	British police arrested 21 people early Tuesday in connection with the suspected ritual murder of an African boy whose torso was found in the Thames.	1
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.	The winners will be announced on June 8 in a ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.	1
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.	Winners will be announced on a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.	1
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.	Winners will be announced on June 8 in a ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.	1
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.	The winner will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.	1
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.	Winners will be announced at a ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall on June 8th.	1
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.	The winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.	1
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.	In a June 8 ceremony, the winners will be announced on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.	1
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.	A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.	1
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.	In an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building, a lawsuit has been filed.	1
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.	- A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.	1
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.	In an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building, a lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments.	1
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.	A lawsuit has been filed to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.	1
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.	In an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument, a lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.	1
"I'm quite positive about it except I wouldn't want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that," he said.	I'm quite positive about it except I would not want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that," he said.	1
"I'm quite positive about it except I wouldn't want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that," he said.	I'm quite positive about it except I wouldn't want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that," he said.	1
"I'm quite positive about it except I wouldn't want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that," he said.	"I'm quite positive about it except I wouldn't want it to cut across anything now happening and she accepts that," he said.	1
"I'm quite positive about it except I wouldn't want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that," he said.	I am quite positive about it except I wouldn't want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that," he said.	1
"I'm quite positive about it except I wouldn't want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that," he said.	I'm quite positive about it except I wouldn't want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that, " he said.	1
"I'm quite positive about it except I wouldn't want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that," he said.	"I'm quite positive about it except I wouldn't want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that" he said.	1
"I'm quite positive about it except I wouldn't want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that," he said.	I'm quite positive about it except I wouldn't want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that, " he said. "	1
"I'm quite positive about it except I wouldn't want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that," he said.	I'm quite positive about it except I wouldn't want it to cut across anything now occurring and she accepts that, "he said. "	1
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists," Graham said, "this Bush administration chose to settle old scores."	Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists," Graham said, "this Bush administration chose to settle old scores."	1
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists," Graham said, "this Bush administration chose to settle old scores."	Graham noted that instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists, the Bush administration chose to settle old scores.	1
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists," Graham said, "this Bush administration chose to settle old scores."	"Rather than pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists," Graham said, "this Bush administration chose to settle old scores."	1
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists," Graham said, "this Bush administration chose to settle old scores."	Graham: "Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorists," Graham said, "this Bush administration chose to settle old scores."	1
"I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'"	"I started crying and yelling at him, "What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?"	1
"I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'"	"I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?"	1
"I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'"	"I started crying and yelling at him, what do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?"	1
"I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'"	I started crying and yelling at him, "What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?"	1
"I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'"	I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'	1
"I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'"	I started crying and yelling at him, "What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'"	1
"I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'"	I started crying and yelling at him, "What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me? "	1
"I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'"	I began crying and yelling at him, "What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me? ".	1
Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap.	Marisa Baldeo commented, however, that the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap."	1
Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap.	Marisa Baldeo explained however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a New York Transit Depot logo cap."	1
Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap.	Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap".	1
Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap.	Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap."	1
Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap.	Marisa Baldeo said that the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap."	1
Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap.	Marisa Baldeo argues, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "They are not supposed to wear anything on their head but a NYC transit depot logo cap."	1
Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap.	Marisa Baldeo commented that the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their head but a NYC transit depot logo cap."	1
Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap.	Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their head but a NYC transit depot logo cap."	1
Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap.	Marisa Baldeo said the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap.	1
Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap.	Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says, "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap."	1
Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap.	Marisa Baldeo stated that the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap.	1
Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap.	Marisa Baldeo explains, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap.	1
Marisa Baldeo stated, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap.	Marisa Baldeo explained, however, the authority's official uniform policy says "they are not supposed to wear anything on their heads but a NYC transit depot logo cap."	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.	The Dow Jones industrial average.DJI leapt 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX leapt 2.23 percent.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average.DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX leapt 2.23 percent.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.	The Dow Jones industrial average (.DJI) jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index (.SPX) leapt 2.23 percent.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.	The Dow Jones industrial average.DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX leapt 2.23 percent.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJI) jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index (SPX) leapt 2.23 percent.	1
Between 50 and 100 persons die annually from these allergies, and thousands more suffer severe reactions such as constricted breathing and dramatic swelling.	Between 50 and 100 people die annually from these allergies, and thousands more suffer severe reactions such as constricted breathing and dramatic swelling.	1
Between 50 and 100 persons die annually from these allergies, and thousands more suffer severe reactions such as constricted breathing and dramatic swelling.	Between 50 and 100 persons die annually from these allergies and thousands more suffer severe reactions such as constricted breathing and dramatic swelling.	1
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.	Only Intel has a lower dividend yield.	1
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.	Only Intel Corporation has a lower dividend yield.	1
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.	Intel Corp. only has a lower dividend yield.	1
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.	If Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield, only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.	1
Sean Harrigan of Calpers, the California fund, said: "Today we are trying to pull the pig from the trough.	Sean Harrigan, of Calpers, the California fund, said: "Today we are trying to pull the pig from the trough.	1
Sean Harrigan of Calpers, the California fund, said: "Today we are trying to pull the pig from the trough.	Sean Harrigan, of Calpers, the California fund, said: "Today we are trying to pull the pig from the trough. We will be pulling the pig out of the trough."	1
Sean Harrigan of Calpers, the California fund, said: "Today we are trying to pull the pig from the trough.	Sean Harrigan of Calpers, the California fund, said: "Today we are trying to pull the pig from the trough."	1
That truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area, fitting that description, Morris said.	The truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area, fitting that description, Morris said.	1
That truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area, fitting that description, Morris said.	Which truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area, based on that description, Morris said.	1
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	Initial autopsy reports show he died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	1
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	Initial autopsy report shows them died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	1
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	Initial autopsy report shows they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	1
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	Initial autopsy report show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	1
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	Initial autopsy report shows the victims died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	1
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	Autopsy reports show that the victims died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	1
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	In their autopsy, they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation. Initially autopsy reports show they died of suffocation and hyperthermia.	1
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	They died from dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation, according to initial autopsy reports.	1
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	Initially autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	1
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	Initial autopsy reports show that they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	1
Initial autopsy reports show they died of dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation.	The victims died from dehydration, hyperthermia and suffocation, the autopsy report showed.	1
Most of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	Most of those on board were Lebanonese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	1
Most of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	Almost all of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	1
Most of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	Most of the boarders were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	1
Most of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	Most passengers were Lebanese but were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	1
Most of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	Most passengers were Lebanese but others were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	1
Most of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	Most of the people on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	1
Most of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	Most passengers on board were Lebanese but some came from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	1
Most of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	Most of those aboard were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	1
Most of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	People on board were mostly Lebanese. Some came from Benin, Guinea, and Sierra Leone.	1
Most of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	Most of the passengers on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	1
Most of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	Most of the passengers were Lebanese, but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	1
Most of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	Those who were on board were mostly Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	1
Most of those on board were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	Most of the passengers were Lebanese but some were from Benin, Guinea and Sierra Leone.	1
A pamphlet will be issued to the public through major hardware chains, local libraries and on the EPA Web site: www.epa.gov.	A pamphlet will be issued to the public through major hardware chains, local libraries and on the EPA web site: www.epa.gov. A pamphlet will be issued to the public through libraries and on the web site: www.epa.gov.	1
A pamphlet will be issued to the public through major hardware chains, local libraries and on the EPA Web site: www.epa.gov.	One pamphlet will be issued to the public through major hardware chains, local libraries and on the EPA Web site: www.epa.gov.	1
A pamphlet will be issued to the public through major hardware chains, local libraries and on the EPA Web site: www.epa.gov.	An EPA Pamphlet will be issued to the public through major hardware chains, local libraries and on the Web site: www.epa.gov.	1
A pamphlet will be issued to the public through major hardware chains, local libraries and on the EPA Web site: www.epa.gov.	Pamphlets will be issued to the public through major hardware chains, local libraries and on the EPA Web site: www.epa.gov.	1
A pamphlet will be issued to the public through major hardware chains, local libraries and on the EPA Web site: www.epa.gov.	An EPA pamphlet will be issued to the public through major hardware chains, local libraries and on the Web site: www.epa.gov.	1
A pamphlet will be issued to the public through major hardware chains, local libraries and on the EPA Web site: www.epa.gov.	The EPA is releasing a pamphlet to the public through major hardware chains, local libraries and on the EPA Web site: www.epa.gov.	1
The captain, Michael J. Gansas, was notified yesterday by the city's Department of Transportation that an agency hearing officer recommended that he be fired.	The captain Michael J. Gansas, was notified yesterday by the city's Department of Transportation that an agency hearing officer recommended that he be fired.	1
The captain, Michael J. Gansas, was notified yesterday by the city's Department of Transportation that an agency hearing officer recommended that he be fired.	The captain, Michael J. Gansas, was notified by the city's Department of Transportation yesterday that an agency hearing officer recommended that he be fired.	1
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list their previous marriages.	1
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that require them to list their previous marriages.	1
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	He said they lied in a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	1
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list their prior marriages. He said they lied about it.	1
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	He says they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	1
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages. He said they lied on a affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	1
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages. He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that required them to list prior marriages.	1
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages. He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	1
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	In his defense, he said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages. They claimed they lied.	1
Mr. Yandarbiyev resides in Doha, Qatar, and Russian authorities have unsuccessfully tried to have him extradited for nearly two years.	Mr. Yandarbiyev lives in Doha, Qatar, and Russian authorities have unsuccessfully tried to have him extradited for nearly two years.	1
Mr. Yandarbiyev resides in Doha, Qatar, and Russian authorities have unsuccessfully tried to have him extradited for nearly two years.	Mr. Yandarbiyev lives in Doha, Qatar. Russian authorities have unsuccessfully tried to have him extradited for nearly two years.	1
Mr. Yandarbiyev resides in Doha, Qatar, and Russian authorities have unsuccessfully tried to have him extradited for nearly two years.	M. Yandarbiyev resides in Doha, Qatar, and Russian authorities have unsuccessfully tried to have him extradited for nearly two years.	1
In December, he anticipated growth of 5.3 percent to nearly $154 billion.	In December, he forecast growth of 5.3 percent to nearly $154 billion.	1
In December, he anticipated growth of 5.3 percent to nearly $154 billion.	In December, he predicted growth of 5.3 percent to nearly $154 billion.	1
Clearly Roman creams of any type do not normally survive in the archaeological record.	Roman creams of any type do not normally survive in the archaeological record.	1
Clearly Roman creams of any type do not normally survive in the archaeological record.	Roman Creams of Any Type do not normally survive in the archaeological record.	1
"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "	"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed."	1
"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "	I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "	1
"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "	"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building'' he vowed. "	1
"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "	"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' said he. "	1
"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "	I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building'', he vowed.	1
"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "	"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he promised. "	1
"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "	"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he said. "	1
"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "	"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building," he vowed. "	1
"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "	"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building'' he said. "	1
"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "	I'm taking his office and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "	1
"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "	I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building'' he vowed. "	1
"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "	I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building'', he vowed. "	1
"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "	"We're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. " "I'm taking his office and we're gonna keep on building"	1
"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "	"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building'', he vowed. "	1
"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "	"I'm taking his office, and we're gonna keep on building," he vowed. " "We're gonna keep on building,'' he vowed. "	1
The association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended June 15, compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes.	According to the Association, 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended June 15, compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes.	1
The association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended June 15, compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes.	The association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended June 15, compared to 27.3 million VHS cassettes.	1
The association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended June 15, compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes.	More than two million DVDs were rented in the week ended June 15, according to the association. The association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended June 15, compared to 27.3 million VHS cassettes.	1
The association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended June 15, compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes.	According to the association, 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended June 15, compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes.	1
The association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended June 15, compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes.	Nevertheless, the association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended June 15, compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes.	1
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.	SARS has killed 296 people in China's mainland and infected more than 5,200 people.	1
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.	SARS has killed 296 people in China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.	1
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.	SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200 people.	1
"Third . . . we are not allowed to kill women, except those who join the war [against Islam]."	"Third... we are not allowed to kill women, except those who join the war against Islam."	1
"Third . . . we are not allowed to kill women, except those who join the war [against Islam]."	"The 3rd... we are not allowed to kill females, except those who join the war [against Islam]."	1
With these assets, Funny Cide has a solid chance to become the first Triple Crown winner since Affirmed in 1978.	With such assets, Funny Cide has a solid chance to become the first Triple Crown winner since Affirmed in 1978.	1
With these assets, Funny Cide has a solid chance to become the first Triple Crown winner since Affirmed in 1978.	With these assets, Funny Cide has a solid chance of becoming the first Triple Crown winner since Affirmed in 1978.	1
The company will launch 800 hot spots, or "Wi-Fi Zones," later this summer, and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year.	The company will launch 800 WiFi hot spots, or "Wi-Fi zones", later this summer, and plans to have more than 2,100 by the end of the year.	1
From California, Bush flies to Japan on Thursday, followed by visits to the Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct. 24.	From California, Bush fly to Japan on Thursday, followed by visits to the Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct. 24.	1
The transfers would reduce P&G's worldwide work force to slightly less than 100,000.	The transfer would reduce P&G's worldwide work force to slightly less than 100,000.	1
The transfers would reduce P&G's worldwide work force to slightly less than 100,000.	The transfers would reduce P&G's worldwide work force to just under 100,000.	1
The transfers would reduce P&G's worldwide work force to slightly less than 100,000.	The Transfers would reduce P&G's global work force to a little less than 100,000.	1
The transfers would reduce P&G's worldwide work force to slightly less than 100,000.	The transfers would reduce P&G's global work force to just less than 100,000.	1
The transfers would reduce P&G's worldwide work force to slightly less than 100,000.	The transfer would reduce P&G's global work force to slightly less than 100,000.	1
The transfers would reduce P&G's worldwide work force to slightly less than 100,000.	Transfers would reduce P&G's global work force to slightly less than 100,000.	1
Two Iraqis and two Saudis grabbed shortly after the blast gave information leading to the arrest of the others, said the official.	Two Iraqi and two Saudis grabbed shortly after the blast gave information leading to the arrest of the others, said the official.	1
Two Iraqis and two Saudis grabbed shortly after the blast gave information leading to the arrest of the others, said the official.	Two Iraqis and two Saudis were taken away shortly after the blast gave information leading to the arrest of the others, said an official.	1
In court papers filed Tuesday, Lee asked for an injunction against Viacom's use of the name, saying he had never given his consent for it to be used.	In court papers filed Tuesday, Lee demanded an injunction against Viacom's use of the name, saying he had never given his consent for it to be used.	1
In court papers filed Tuesday, Lee asked for an injunction against Viacom's use of the name, saying he had never given his consent for it to be used.	In a court papers filed Tuesday, Lee requested an injunction against Viacom's use of the name, saying he had never given his consent for it to be used.	1
The church was already grieving the death of Chief Warrant Officer 3 Kyran Kennedy, a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7.	Church was grieving the death of Chief Warrant Officer 3 Kyran Kennedy, a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7.	1
The church was already grieving the death of Chief Warrant Officer 3 Kyran Kennedy, a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7.	The church was grieving the death of Chief Warrant Officer 3 Kyran Kennedy, a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7.	1
The church was already grieving the death of Chief Warrant Officer 3 Kyran Kennedy, a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7.	The Church was grieving the death of Chief Warrant Officer 3 Kyran Kennedy, a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7.	1
The church was already grieving the death of Chief Warrant Officer 3 Kyran Kennedy, a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7.	The church mourned the death of Chief Warrant Officer Kyran Kennedy, a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7. The Church was already grieving the death of Chief Warrant Officer 3 Kyran Kennedy, a congregation member who was already grieving the death of Chief Warrant Officer 3 Kyran Kennedy, a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7.	1
The church was already grieving the death of Chief Warrant Officer 3 Kyran Kennedy, a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7.	In fact, the church was grieving the death of Chief Warrant Officer 3 Kyran Kennedy, a congregation member who was killed in another helicopter crash in Iraq on Nov. 7.	1
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.	Known as a slipknot, Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.	1
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.	Glover says the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.	1
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.	The killer used a slipknot on his ligature to strangle a few victims. Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some victims.	1
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.	Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims. Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.	1
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.	The killer used a slipknot on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims. Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.	1
They weighed an average 220 pounds (100 kg) and needed to lose between 30 and 80 pounds.	They weighed an average of 220 pounds (100 kg) and needed to lose between 30 and 80 pounds.	1
They weighed an average 220 pounds (100 kg) and needed to lose between 30 and 80 pounds.	They were roughly weighed of 220 pounds (100 kg) and needed to lose between 30 and 80 pounds.	1
They weighed an average 220 pounds (100 kg) and needed to lose between 30 and 80 pounds.	On average, they weighed 220 pounds (100 kg) and needed to lose between 30 and 80 pounds.	1
They weighed an average 220 pounds (100 kg) and needed to lose between 30 and 80 pounds.	The average person weighed 220 pounds (100 kg) and needed to lose between 30 and 80 pounds.	1
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	If it's not broken, don't fix it, said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	1
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	What if something ain't broken, don't fix it?", said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	1
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	"If it ain't broken, don't fix it," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	1
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	"If it's not broken, don't fix it," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	1
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	If it ain't broken, don't fix it," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	1
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	If it ain't broken, don't fix it," said Senator Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	1
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	If it ain't broken, don't fix it, said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	1
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	"If it's not broke, don't fix it," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	1
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	If it ain't broke, don't fix it," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	1
"If it ain't broke, don't fix it," said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	If it ain't broke, don't fix it, said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. "I don't see much broken."	1
The test was conducted by the University of California at Los Angeles and Riverside and was paid $450,000 from the ARB.	The test was conducted by the University of California Los Angeles and Riverside and was paid $450,000 from the ARB.	1
Against the Swiss franc CHF= , the dollar was at 1.3172 francs, down 0.60 percent.	Against the Swiss franc CHF=, the dollar was at 1.3172 francs, down 0.60 percent.	1
Against the Swiss franc CHF= , the dollar was at 1.3172 francs, down 0.60 percent.	Against the Swiss franc CHF= USD, the Dollar was at 1.3172 francs, down 0.60 percent.	1
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.	Weida instead decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.	1
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.	Rather, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.	1
The name for the robot, due to be launched at 2:05 p.m., was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S. school children.	The name of the robot, due to be launched at 2:05 p.m., was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S. school children.	1
The name for the robot, due to be launched at 2:05 p.m., was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S. school children.	The robot is scheduled to be launched by 2:05 p.m. the name of the robot was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S. school children.	1
The name for the robot, due to be launched at 2:05 p.m., was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S. school children.	The name of the robot was selected from 10,000 names submitted by U.S. school children. The robot is due to be launched at 2:05 p.m.	1
The name for the robot, due to be launched at 2:05 p.m., was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S. school children.	The name of the robot was chosen from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S. school children. The robot is due to be launched at 2:05 p.m.	1
Doris Brasher, who owns a grocery store near the police station, said many in the close-knit town knew the men who were killed.	Doris Brasher, who owns a grocery store near the police station, said many people in the close-knit town knew the men who were killed.	1
Doris Brasher, who owns a grocery store near the police station, said many in the close-knit town knew the men who were killed.	Doris Brasher owns a grocery store near the police station and says many in the close-knit town knew the men who were killed.	1
Doris Brasher, who owns a grocery store near the police station, said many in the close-knit town knew the men who were killed.	Dorothy Brasher, who owns a grocery store near the police station, said many people in the close-knit town knew the men who were killed.	1
Doris Brasher, who owns a grocery store near the police station, said many in the close-knit town knew the men who were killed.	Doloris Brasher, who owns a grocery store near the police station, said many in the close-knit town knew the men who were killed.	1
"Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed the operation damaged the state," Mr Berlusconi said.	Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed that the operation damaged the state, said Mr Berlusconi.	1
"Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed the operation damaged the state," Mr Berlusconi said.	"Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed that the operation damaged the state," Mr Berlusconi said.	1
Mills affected by Thursdays announcement are sawmills in Grande Cache, Alta., Carrot River, Sask., Chapleau, Ont., and Aberdeen, Wash.	Mills affected by Thursday's announcement are sawmills in Grande Cache, Alta., Carrot River, Sask., Chapleau, Ont., and Aberdeen, Wash.	1
Mills affected by Thursdays announcement are sawmills in Grande Cache, Alta., Carrot River, Sask., Chapleau, Ont., and Aberdeen, Wash.	What are the reported mills affected by Thursdays announcement are sawmills in Grande Cache, Alta., Carrot River, Sask., Chapleau, Ont., and Aberdeen, Wash.	1
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	Intel is disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel" spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	1
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumed his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	1
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	Intel is disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	1
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options" in the event Mr. Hamidi resumed his spamming activity against Intel, spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	1
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	"Intel is disappointed and assessing its options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	1
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	Intel is disappointed and assessing its "options" in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel" spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	1
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	Intel is disappointed and assessing its "options" in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel, spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	1
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	Intel was disappointed and assessing its options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel, spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	1
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	Intel is disappointed and assessing its options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	1
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	Intel was disappointed and evaluating its "options" in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	1
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	Intel is disappointed and assessing its "options" in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	1
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	Intel is disappointed and evaluating its options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	1
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	Intel is disappointed and assessing its options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel, spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	1
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	Intel is "disappointed" and assessing its options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	1
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	Intel was disappointed and assessing its options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumed his spamming activity against Intel, spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	1
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel" spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	1
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options" in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	1
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	Intel was disappointed and assessing its options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumed his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	1
Intel was disappointed and assessing its "options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	Intel was disappointed and assessing its options in the event Mr. Hamidi resumes his spamming activity against Intel," spokesman Chuck Mulloy said.	1
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	This was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	1
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	It was the largest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	1
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	The protest was the biggest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	1
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.	The company is highlighting the addition of.NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new Mainframe.	1
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.	The company is highlighting the addition of.NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.	1
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.	Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff attended the Navy base and watched the launch.	1
That information was first reported in today's editions of the New York Times.	This story was first reported in today's editions of the New York Times.	1
Mr Annan also warned the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress "long-cherished freedoms".	Mr. Annan warned that the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to destroy "long-cherished freedoms".	1
Mr Annan also warned the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress "long-cherished freedoms".	Mr Annan also warned that the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to stop "long-cherished freedoms"	1
Mr Annan also warned the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress "long-cherished freedoms".	Mr Annan also warned the US that it should not make a war on terror an excuse for suppressing "long cherished freedoms".	1
Mr Annan also warned the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress "long-cherished freedoms".	Mr. Annan warned the US not to use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress the "long-cherished freedoms".	1
Mr Annan also warned the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress "long-cherished freedoms".	Mr. Annan warned that the United States should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress "long-cherished freedoms".	1
Mr Annan also warned the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress "long-cherished freedoms".	Mr Annan said the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress "long-cherished freedoms".	1
The euro tagged another record high against the dollar on Tuesday as demand for higher-yielding euro-based assets overshadowed solid U.S. economic data.	The Euro hit another record high against the dollar on Tuesday as demand for higher yielding euro-based assets overshadowed solid U.S. economic data.	1
The euro tagged another record high against the dollar on Tuesday as demand for higher-yielding euro-based assets overshadowed solid U.S. economic data.	The euro edged into a new record high against the dollar on Tuesday, as demand for higher-yielding euro-based assets overshadowed solid U.S. economic data.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.33 points, or 1.07 percent, to 1,640.13.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC rose 17.33 points, or 1.07 percent, to 1,640.13.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.33 points, or 1.07 percent, to 1,640.13.	The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC rose 17.33 points, or 1.07 percent, to 1,640.13.	1
"It's going to happen," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.	It's going to happen," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.	1
"It's going to happen," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.	"This is going to happen," said Jim Santangelo, President of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.	1
"It's going to happen," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.	"It's going to happen," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42, El Monte.	1
"It's going to happen," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.	"It's going to happen" said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.	1
"It's going to happen," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.	Is it going to happen," said Jim Santangelo, president of the Teamsters Joint Council 42 in El Monte.	1
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.	The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18 just hours before the first American air assault.	1
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.	The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18 just hours before the first US air assault.	1
Bloomberg said on Wednesday that all 16 crew members survived and would be tested for drugs and alcohol.	All 16 crew members survived and will be tested for drugs and alcohol. Bloomberg says on Wednesday that all 16 crew members survived and will be tested for drugs and alcohol.	1
Bloomberg said on Wednesday that all 16 crew members survived and would be tested for drugs and alcohol.	All 16 crew members survived and will be tested for drug and alcohol on Wednesday, Bloomberg said.	1
Bloomberg said on Wednesday that all 16 crew members survived and would be tested for drugs and alcohol.	All 16 crew members survived and will be tested for drugs and alcohol. Bloomberg said on Wednesday that all 16 crew members survived and would be tested for alcohol and drug.	1
Bloomberg said on Wednesday that all 16 crew members survived and would be tested for drugs and alcohol.	On Wednesday, Bloomberg said that all 16 crew members survived and would be tested for drugs and alcohol.	1
Bloomberg said on Wednesday that all 16 crew members survived and would be tested for drugs and alcohol.	All 16 crew members survived and will be tested for drugs and alcohol. Bloomberg said on Wednesday that all crew members survived and would be tested for alcohol and drugs.	1
Bloomberg said on Wednesday that all 16 crew members survived and would be tested for drugs and alcohol.	All 16 crew members survived and would be tested for drugs and alcohol. Bloomberg said on Wednesday that all 16 crew members survived and would be tested for alcohol and drugs.	1
The moment of reckoning has arrived for this West African country founded by freed American slaves in the 19th century.	So the moment of reckoning has arrived for the West African country founded by freed American slaves in the 19th century.	1
At community colleges, tuition will jump to $2,800 from $2,500.	At community colleges, tuition will jump to $2,800 from $2,2,500.	1
At community colleges, tuition will jump to $2,800 from $2,500.	In community colleges, tuition will jump to $2,800 from $2,500.	1
At community colleges, tuition will jump to $2,800 from $2,500.	For community colleges, tuition will jump to $2,800 from $2,500.	1
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	Commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	1
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	At this point in time, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	1
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	Nevertheless, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	1
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	In general, the commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	1
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	Currently, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	1
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	In some cases, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	1
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	Although the commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	1
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	In my opinion commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	1
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	In the short term, commercial use of 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	1
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	Commercial use of 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	1
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	Nonetheless, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	1
However, commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	Currently commercial use of the 2.6.0 kernel is still months off for most customers.	1
The Hulk weekend take surpasses the previous June record of $54.9-million for Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me.	The Hulk's weekend take surpasses the previous June record of $54.9-million for Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me.	1
The Hulk weekend take surpasses the previous June record of $54.9-million for Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me.	The Hulk weekend took surpasses the previous June record of $54.9-million for Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me.	1
The Hulk weekend take surpasses the previous June record of $54.9-million for Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me.	The Hulk Weekend Take surpasses the previous June record of $54.9 million for Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me.	1
The Hulk weekend take surpasses the previous June record of $54.9-million for Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me.	The Hulk weekend take surpasses the previous June record of $54.9 million for Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me.	1
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.	The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on capital.	1
Its attackers had to fire their rockets from hundreds of yards away, with a makeshift launcher hidden in a portable electric generator.	The attackers had to fire their rockets from hundreds of yards away, with a makeshift launcher hidden in a portable electric generator.	1
He made a point of saying during Tuesdays debate that the Confederate flag was a racist symbol.	He made a point of saying during Tuesday's debate that the Confederate flag was a racist symbol.	1
In early U.S. trade, the euro was down 1.06 percent at $1.1607 <EUR=>.	In early U.S. trade, the euro was down 1.06 percent at $1.1607. EUR=>	1
In early U.S. trade, the euro was down 1.06 percent at $1.1607 <EUR=>.	In US early trade, the euro was down 1.06 percent at $1.1607 EUR=>.	1
"Deviant cannibalistic tendencies" were the primary motivation for the murders, and Brown's body was mutilated, authorities said.	"Deviant cannibalistic tendencies" were the primary motive for the murders, and Brown's body was mutilated, authorities said.	1
"Deviant cannibalistic tendencies" were the primary motivation for the murders, and Brown's body was mutilated, authorities said.	"Deviant cannibalistic tendencies" were the primary motivation for Brown's murders, and his body was mutilated, authorities said.	1
"Deviant cannibalistic tendencies" were the primary motivation for the murders, and Brown's body was mutilated, authorities said.	Brown's body was mutilated, authorities said. "Deviant cannibalistic tendencies" were the primary motive for the murders, and Brown's body was mutilated, authorities said.	1
"Deviant cannibalistic tendencies" were the primary motivation for the murders, and Brown's body was mutilated, authorities said.	Brown's death was mutilated, authorities said. "Deviant cannibalistic tendencies" were the primary motivation for the murders, and Brown's body was mutilated, authorities said.	1
"Deviant cannibalistic tendencies" were the primary motivation for the murders, and Brown's body was mutilated, authorities said.	The murders were a direct result of "deviant cannibalistic tendencies" and Brown's body was mutilated, authorities said.	1
"Deviant cannibalistic tendencies" were the primary motivation for the murders, and Brown's body was mutilated, authorities said.	According to authorities, "Deviant cannibalistic tendencies" were the primary motivation for Brown's murders, and Brown's body was mutilated, authorities said.	1
Bush wanted "to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	Bush wanted to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing, White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	1
Bush wanted "to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	Bush wants to see the aircraft land the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	1
Bush wanted "to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	Bush wants to see planes landing... the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing, "White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	1
Bush wanted "to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	Bush wanted "to see aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	1
Bush wanted "to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	"Bush wants to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	1
Bush wanted "to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	Bush wanted "to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing", White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	1
Bush wanted "to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	Bush wants to see aircraft landing the same way as the pilots saw an aircraft landing, White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	1
Bush wanted "to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	Bush wants an aircraft to land in the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing, White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	1
On Monday the Palestinian Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, will report to the Palestinian parliament on his Government's achievements in its first 100 days in office.	On Monday the Palestinian Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, will report to the Palestinian parliament on his Government's accomplishments in its first 100 days in office.	1
On Monday the Palestinian Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, will report to the Palestinian parliament on his Government's achievements in its first 100 days in office.	On Monday, Palestinian PM Mahmoud Abbas, will report to the Palestinian parliament on his Government's achievements in its first 100 days in office.	1
On Monday the Palestinian Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, will report to the Palestinian parliament on his Government's achievements in its first 100 days in office.	On Monday the Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas will report to the Palestinian parliament on his government's achievements in its first 100 days in office.	1
On Monday the Palestinian Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, will report to the Palestinian parliament on his Government's achievements in its first 100 days in office.	On Monday, the Palestinian Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, will report to the Palestinian Parliament on his Government's achievements in its first 100 days in office.	1
Also Tuesday, a soldier drowned in an aqueduct in northern Iraq.	Also on Tuesday, a soldier drowned in an aqueduct in northern Iraq.	1
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.	The civilian unemployment rate fell to 6.1 percent last month -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.	1
Hunt's attorneys filed a motion late Monday in Forsyth Superior Court to have Hunt's murder conviction thrown out.	Hunt's lawyers filed a motion to dismiss Hunt's murder conviction late Monday in Forsyth Superior Court.	1
Hunt's attorneys filed a motion late Monday in Forsyth Superior Court to have Hunt's murder conviction thrown out.	Hunt's lawyers filed a motion late Monday in Forsyth Superior Court to have Hunt's murder conviction thrown out.	1
Other data showed that buyers snapped up new and existing homes at a brisk pace in April, spurred by low mortgage rates.	Data shows that buyers snapped up new and existing homes at a brisk pace in April, spurred by low mortgage rates.	1
But Close wondered whether the package would be worth the cost of licensing the third-party software, along with Salesforce.com's rental price.	But Close wonders whether the package would be worth the cost of licensing the third-party software, along with Salesforce.com's rental price.	1
But Close wondered whether the package would be worth the cost of licensing the third-party software, along with Salesforce.com's rental price.	So close wondered whether third party software would be worth the cost of licensing the third-party software, along with Salesforce.com's rental price.	1
Still others cite the difficulty of assembling a group of subjects whose depression is of comparable severity, increasing the chances that the effectiveness of the medication will be diffused.	Still others cite the difficulty of assembling a group of subjects with depression of comparable severity increasing the chances that the effectiveness of the medication will be diffused.	1
Still others cite the difficulty of assembling a group of subjects whose depression is of comparable severity, increasing the chances that the effectiveness of the medication will be diffused.	Still others cite the difficulty of assembling a group of subjects whose depression is comparable severity, increasing the chances that the effectiveness of the medication will be diffused.	1
Still others cite the difficulty of assembling a group of subjects whose depression is of comparable severity, increasing the chances that the effectiveness of the medication will be diffused.	Nonetheless others cite the difficulty of assembling a group of subjects whose depression is of comparable severity, increasing the chances that the effectiveness of the medication will be diffused.	1
"I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Mr. Limbaugh told his audience, which numbers 22 million listeners a week.	"I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Mr. Limbaugh told his audience, which number 22 million listeners a week.	1
"I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Mr. Limbaugh told his audience, which numbers 22 million listeners a week.	"I've always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Mr. Limbaugh told his audience. The audience totals 22 million people a week.	1
"I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Mr. Limbaugh told his audience, which numbers 22 million listeners a week.	"I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Mr. Limbaugh said his audience, which numbers 22 million listeners a week.	1
"I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Mr. Limbaugh told his audience, which numbers 22 million listeners a week.	I have always tried to be open with you and open about my life, Mr. Limbaugh told his audience. The audience numbers 22 million listeners a week.	1
"I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Mr. Limbaugh told his audience, which numbers 22 million listeners a week.	I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Mr. Limbaugh told his audience, which numbers 22 million listeners a week.	1
"I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Mr. Limbaugh told his audience, which numbers 22 million listeners a week.	I've always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Mr. Limbaugh told his audience, which numbers 22 million listeners a week.	1
"I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Mr. Limbaugh told his audience, which numbers 22 million listeners a week.	"I've always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Mr. Limbaugh told his audience. The audience numbers 22 million listeners a week.	1
"I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Mr. Limbaugh told his audience, which numbers 22 million listeners a week.	"I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Mr. Limbaugh told his audience. The audience is 22 million a week.	1
"I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Mr. Limbaugh told his audience, which numbers 22 million listeners a week.	"I've always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Mr. Limbaugh told his audience, which numbers 22 million listeners a week.	1
That's the highest third-quarter growth rate we've seen in over 25 years," said Andy Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer.	It is the highest third quarter growth rate we've seen in over 25 years," said Andy Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer.	1
That's the highest third-quarter growth rate we've seen in over 25 years," said Andy Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer.	That's the highest third-quarter growth rate we've seen in over 25 years, said Andy Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer.	1
Seattle Deputy Police Chief Clark Kimerer said the exercise here went well, with some aspects, including the communication system linking various agencies, working better than expected.	Seattle Deputy Police Chief Clark Kimerer said the exercise has gone well, with some aspects, including the communication system linking various agencies, working better than expected.	1
Seattle Deputy Police Chief Clark Kimerer said the exercise here went well, with some aspects, including the communication system linking various agencies, working better than expected.	Seattle Deputy Police Chief Clark Kimerer said the exercise went well, with some aspects, including the communication system linking various agencies, working better than expected.	1
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Telecoms equipment maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in Saudi Arabia.	1
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Telecom gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	1
"This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure," Multifoods chairman and chief executive officer Gary Costley said.	This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure, Multifoods chairman and chief executive officer Gary Costley said.	1
"This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure," Multifoods chairman and chief executive officer Gary Costley said.	...This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure," Multifoods chairman and chief executive officer Gary Costley said.	1
A DOD team is working to determine how hackers gained access to the system and what needs to be done to fix the breach.	DoD is working to determine how hackers gained access to the system and what needs to be done to fix the breach.	1
The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday said companies trading on the biggest U.S. markets must win shareholder approval before granting stock options and other stock-based compensation plans to corporate executives.	The Securities and Exchange Commission said yesterday that companies trading on the biggest U.S. markets must win shareholder approval before granting stock options and other stock-based compensation plans to executives.	1
The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday said companies trading on the biggest U.S. markets must win shareholder approval before granting stock options and other stock-based compensation plans to corporate executives.	In a statement issued yesterday, the Securities and Exchange Commission said companies trading on the biggest U.S. markets must win shareholder approval before granting stock options and other stock-based compensation plans to executives.	1
The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday said companies trading on the biggest U.S. markets must win shareholder approval before granting stock options and other stock-based compensation plans to corporate executives.	The Securities and Exchange Commission said yesterday that companies trading on the biggest U.S. markets must win shareholder approval before granting stock options and other stock-based compensation plans to corporate executives.	1
Per-user pricing is $29 for Workplace Messaging, $89 for Team Collaboration and $35 for Collaborative Learning.	Per user pricing is $29 for workplace messaging, $89 for team collaboration and $35 for collaborative learning.	1
Per-user pricing is $29 for Workplace Messaging, $89 for Team Collaboration and $35 for Collaborative Learning.	Per user pricing is $29 for Workplace Messaging, $89 for Team Collaboration and $35 for Collaborative Learning.	1
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," Mr. Graham said.	"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats - international terrorism - this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," Mr. Graham said.	1
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," Mr. Graham said.	Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – this Bush Administration chose to settle old scores," Mr. Graham said.	1
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," Mr. Graham said.	"The Bush Administration chose to settle old scores instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – Mr. Graham said.	1
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," Mr. Graham said.	"Rather of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," Mr. Graham said.	1
Microsoft is preparing to alter its Internet Explorer browser, following a patent verdict that went against the company, Microsoft said Friday.	Microsoft is preparing to alter its Internet Explorer browser after a patent verdict went against the company, Microsoft said on Friday.	1
Microsoft is preparing to alter its Internet Explorer browser, following a patent verdict that went against the company, Microsoft said Friday.	Microsoft is preparing to change its Internet Explorer browser following a patent verdict that went against the company, Microsoft said Friday.	1
Microsoft is preparing to alter its Internet Explorer browser, following a patent verdict that went against the company, Microsoft said Friday.	Microsoft is preparing to alter Internet Explorer browsers, following a patent verdict that went against the company, Microsoft said Friday.	1
Microsoft is preparing to alter its Internet Explorer browser, following a patent verdict that went against the company, Microsoft said Friday.	Microsoft preparing to change its Internet Explorer browser, following a patent verdict that went against the company, Microsoft said Friday.	1
"It's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM," she said.	It's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM," she said.	1
"It's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM," she said.	IBM's internal IT teams must rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM. "It's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies," she said.	1
Nearly 6,000 MTA drivers and train operators joined the mechanics in the picket line.	Around 6,000 MTA drivers and train operators joined the mechanics in the picket line.	1
Nearly 6,000 MTA drivers and train operators joined the mechanics in the picket line.	About 6,000 MTA drivers and train operators joined the mechanics in the picket line.	1
Nearly 6,000 MTA drivers and train operators joined the mechanics in the picket line.	Nearly 6,000 MTA drivers and train operators joined the mechanics on the picket line.	1
Nearly 6,000 MTA drivers and train operators joined the mechanics in the picket line.	In the MTA picket line, around 6,000 drivers and train operators joined the mechanics.	1
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 23.45 points, or 1.44 percent, to end at 1,603.97, based on the latest data.	The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC shed 23.45 points, or 1.44 percent, to end at 1,603.97, based on the latest data.	1
The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC shed 23.45 points, or 1.44 percent, to end at 1,603.97, based on the latest data.	The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index (Nasdaq).IXIC shed 23.45 points, or 1.44 percent, to end at 1,603.97, based on the latest data.	1
The Infineon case began in August 2000, when Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon counter-sued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud.	Infineon's suit began in August 2000, when Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon counter-sued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud.	1
The Infineon case began in August 2000, when Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon counter-sued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud.	The Infineon case began in August 2000, when Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon countersued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud.	1
Low-income earners would pay a 5 percent tax on both types of investment income.	A low-income earner would pay a 5 percent tax on both types of investment income.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 5.53 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,662.91.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC was off 5.53 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,662.91.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 5.53 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,662.91.	The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC was off 5.53 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,662.91.	1
"The Princess' marriage was not set up by force," said Vasile Ionescu, of the Roma Centre for public policies.	"The Princess' marriage was not set up by force", said Vasile Ionescu, of the Roma Centre for Public Policies.	1
"The Princess' marriage was not set up by force," said Vasile Ionescu, of the Roma Centre for public policies.	"The Princess' marriage was not set up by force", said Vasile Ionescu, of the Roma Centre for Public Policy.	1
"The Princess' marriage was not set up by force," said Vasile Ionescu, of the Roma Centre for public policies.	The Princess' marriage was not set up by force, said Vasile Ionescu, of the Roma Centre for public policies.	1
"The Princess' marriage was not set up by force," said Vasile Ionescu, of the Roma Centre for public policies.	The Princess' marriage was not set up by force, said Vasile Ionescu, of the Roma Centre for Public Policies.	1
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.	Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.	1
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.	Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on a ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.	1
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.	Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and Indian Ocean.	1
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.	Gen. Sattler heads the Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.	1
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.	Gen. Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.	1
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.	Gen. Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.	1
Massachusetts Attorney General Tom Reilly said he was satisfied with the reimbursement.	Tom Reilly, the Massachusetts attorney general said he was satisfied with the reimbursement.	1
Massachusetts Attorney General Tom Reilly said he was satisfied with the reimbursement.	Tom Reilly, Massachusetts Attorney General, said he was satisfied with the reimbursement.	1
Massachusetts Attorney General Tom Reilly said he was satisfied with the reimbursement.	Tom Reilly, the attorney general of Massachusetts, said he is satisfied with the reimbursement.	1
Massachusetts Attorney General Tom Reilly said he was satisfied with the reimbursement.	Tom Reilly, the Massachusetts Attorney General, said he was satisfied with the reimbursement.	1
Massachusetts Attorney General Tom Reilly said he was satisfied with the reimbursement.	Tom Reilly, the Massachusetts attorney general, said he was satisfied with the reimbursement.	1
AutoAdvice is available as a one-year subscription at $400 per CPU, scaling from one to 50,000 CPUs.	AutoAdvice is available as a one-year subscription at $400 per CPU, scaling from 1 to 50,000 CPUs.	1
AutoAdvice is available as a one-year subscription at $400 per CPU, scaling from one to 50,000 CPUs.	AutoAdvice is available as a one year subscription at $400 per CPU, scaling from one to 50,000 CPUs.	1
CAPPS II will not use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records."	CAPPS II will not use bank records or medical records indicating creditworthiness or medical records."	1
CAPPS II will not use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records."	CAPPS II "cannot use bank records" and "Banking records indicating creditworthiness or medical records".	1
CAPPS II will not use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records."	CAPPS II will not use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records"	1
CAPPS II will not use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records."	"Capps II won't use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records."	1
CAPPS II will not use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records."	CAPPS II will not use bank accounts, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records.	1
CAPPS II will not use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records."	CAPPS II will not use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records.	1
CAPPS II will not use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records."	"Capps II will not use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records."	1
CAPPS II will not use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records."	CAPPS II is not going to use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records.	1
CAPPS II will not use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records."	CAPPS II will not use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records. "	1
CAPPS II will not use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records."	CAPPS II does not use bank records, records indicating creditworthiness or medical records. "	1
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.	Moore made no immediate comment tuesday.	1
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.	Moore doesn't have any further comment on Tuesday.	1
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.	Moore has no immediate comment Tuesday.	1
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.	Moore hasn't made a comment Tuesday.	1
"Fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.	"Few than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.	1
"Fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.	FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said. "Few than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques.	1
"Fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.	FBI: "Fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.	1
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.	Michael Moore of Alabama said his case will be appealed to the Nation's highest court.	1
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.	Moore, of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.	1
"We're confident that the new leadership will take responsibility for the past actions of the Archdiocese of Boston," Lincoln said.	"We are confident that the new leadership will take responsibility for the past actions of the Archdiocese of Boston," Lincoln said.	1
"We're confident that the new leadership will take responsibility for the past actions of the Archdiocese of Boston," Lincoln said.	We're confident that the new leadership will take responsibility for the past actions of the Archdiocese of Boston," Lincoln said.	1
"We're confident that the new leadership will take responsibility for the past actions of the Archdiocese of Boston," Lincoln said.	Lincoln said: "We're confident that the new leadership will take responsibility for the past actions of the Archdiocese of Boston."	1
"We're confident that the new leadership will take responsibility for the past actions of the Archdiocese of Boston," Lincoln said.	Lincoln: "We're confident that the new leadership will take responsibility for the past actions of the Archdiocese of Boston."	1
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.	Her body was found about a week later in the Green River.	1
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.	Her body was found in the Green River a few weeks later.	1
Her body was found several weeks later in the Green River.	Her body was found a couple of weeks later in the Green River.	1
"Jeremy's a good guy," Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.	"Jeremy is a good guy," Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athletes."	1
"Jeremy's a good guy," Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.	"Jeremy is a good guy", Barber said. "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.	1
"Jeremy's a good guy," Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.	"Jeremy is a good guy," Barber said. "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete."	1
"Jeremy's a good guy," Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.	"Jeremy is a good guy." Barber said. "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.	1
Ratliff's daughters, Margaret and Martha Ratliff, were adopted by Peterson after their mother's death.	Margaret Ratliff's daughters, Margaret and Martha Ratliff, were adopted by Peterson after their mother's death.	1
Money from Iraqi oil sales will go into that fund which will be controlled by the United States and Britain and used to rebuild the country.	Money from Iraqi oil sales goes into a fund which will be controlled by the United States and Britain and used to rebuild the country.	1
Car volume fell 8 per cent, while light truck sales -- which include vans, pickups and SUVs -- rose 2.7 per cent.	Car volume fell 8 per cent, while light truck sales -- which includes vans, pickups and SUVs -- rose 2.7 per cent.	1
Car volume fell 8 per cent, while light truck sales -- which include vans, pickups and SUVs -- rose 2.7 per cent.	Car volume fell 8 per cent while light truck sales -- which include vans, pickups and SUVs -- rose 2.7 per cent.	1
Car volume fell 8 per cent, while light truck sales -- which include vans, pickups and SUVs -- rose 2.7 per cent.	Car volume fell 8 per cent, while light truck sales -- which include vans, pickups and SUVs -- rose 2.7%.	1
He said he had made it "very plain" to the US that Australia did not support the death penalty.	He said he had made it "very clear" to the US that Australia did not support the death penalty.	1
He said he had made it "very plain" to the US that Australia did not support the death penalty.	He said he had made it "very clear" to the US that Australia didn't support the death penalty.	1
He said he had made it "very plain" to the US that Australia did not support the death penalty.	He said he has made it "very clear" to the US that Australia doesn't support the death penalty.	1
He said he had made it "very plain" to the US that Australia did not support the death penalty.	He said Australia did not support the death penalty. He made it "very clear" to the US that Australia did not support the death penalty.	1
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.	Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.	1
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.	... Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.	1
Special police detained Khodorkovsky early on Saturday in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.	Special police detained Khodorkovsky on Saturday morning in the Siberian city of Novosibirsk, where his plane had made a refuelling stop.	1
Robert Stewart, a spokesman for Park Place, the parent company of Caesars Palace, said he was surprised by the court's decision.	Robert Stewart, spokesman for park place, the parent company of Caesars Palace, said he was surprised by the court's decision.	1
Robert Stewart, a spokesman for Park Place, the parent company of Caesars Palace, said he was surprised by the court's decision.	Robert Stewart, spokesman for Park Place, the parent company of Caesars Palace, said he was surprised by the court's decision.	1
He has also served on the president's Homeland Security Advisory Council.	He has served on the president's Homeland Security advisory council.	1
He has also served on the president's Homeland Security Advisory Council.	He has served on the President's Homeland Security Advisory Council.	1
"And if there is a leak out of my administration," he added, "I want to know who it is.	If there is a leak out of my administration, I want to know who it is. And if there are any leaks out of my administration, he added, "I want to know who it is."	1
"And if there is a leak out of my administration," he added, "I want to know who it is.	If there is a leak out of my administration, I want to know who it is," he added.	1
"And if there is a leak out of my administration," he added, "I want to know who it is.	If there was a leak out of my administration, I want to know who it is," he added.	1
"And if there is a leak out of my administration," he added, "I want to know who it is.	"And if there's a leak out of my administration," he added, "I want to know who it is."	1
After losing as much as 84.56 earlier, the Dow Jones industrial average closed up 22.81, or 0.2 percent, at 9,340.45.	After losing 84.56 earlier, the Dow Jones industrial average closed up 22.81, or 0.2 percent, at 9,340.45.	1
After losing as much as 84.56 earlier, the Dow Jones industrial average closed up 22.81, or 0.2 percent, at 9,340.45.	After losing as much as 84.56 earlier, the Dow Jones industrial average closed up 22.81, or 0.2 percent, at 9,340.45..	1
Mascia-Frye works in the state development office.	Mascia-Frye works in state development office.	1
Mascia-Frye works in the state development office.	Mascia-Frye is working in the state development office.	1
Mascia-Frye works in the state development office.	Mascia-Frye is employed by the state development office.	1
Mascia-Frye works in the state development office.	Mascia-Frye works at the state development office.	1
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.	Puretunes officials could not be reached for comment Wednesday.	1
A key to that effort was the company's introduction of a 10-year, 100,000-mile warranty, meant to reassure buyers that they could trust the Korean company.	One key to that effort was the introduction of a 10-year, 100,000-mile warranty, meant to reassure buyers that they could trust the Korean company.	1
A key to that effort was the company's introduction of a 10-year, 100,000-mile warranty, meant to reassure buyers that they could trust the Korean company.	A key to that effort was the introduction of a 10-year, 100,000-mile warranty, meant to reassure buyers that they could trust the Korean company.	1
A key to that effort was the company's introduction of a 10-year, 100,000-mile warranty, meant to reassure buyers that they could trust the Korean company.	What was the key to that effort was the introduction of a 10-year, 100,000-mile warranty, meant to reassure buyers that they could trust the Korean company.	1
ECUSA is the U.S. branch of the 70 million-member Anglican Communion.	ECUSA is the United States branch of the 70 million-member Anglican Communion.	1
ECUSA is the U.S. branch of the 70 million-member Anglican Communion.	ECUSA is the US branch of the 70 million-member Anglican Communion.	1
The word Advent, from Latin, means "the coming."	From Latin, the word Advent means "the coming."	1
The word Advent, from Latin, means "the coming."	The Latin word Advent means coming.	1
The word Advent, from Latin, means "the coming."	The word Advent, from Latin means "the coming."	1
The word Advent, from Latin, means "the coming."	From Latin, the word "advent" means "the coming."	1
The word Advent, from Latin, means "the coming."	The word Advent from Latin means "the coming"	1
The companies said "it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence."	At the time of writing, the companies say that it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence.	1
The companies said "it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence."	The companies said "it was not our intent to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence."	1
The companies said "it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence."	The companies said it was not their intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence.	1
Most times, wholesalers sold the questionable drugs to one of three huge national distributors that supply virtually all drugs in the country.	Most times, wholesalers sold questionable drugs to one of three huge national distributors that supply virtually all drugs in the country.	1
Most times, wholesalers sold the questionable drugs to one of three huge national distributors that supply virtually all drugs in the country.	Almost all times, wholesalers sold the questionable drugs to one of three huge national distributors that supply virtually all drugs in the country.	1
Most times, wholesalers sold the questionable drugs to one of three huge national distributors that supply virtually all drugs in the country.	In many cases, wholesalers sold the questionable drugs to one of three huge national distributors that supply virtually all drugs in the country.	1
Attorney John Barnett, who represents Morse, showed photos of a scratch on Morse's neck and the officer's bloody ear.	Lawyer John Barnett, who represents Morse, showed photos of a scratch on Morse's neck and the officer's bloody ear.	1
The letter stated that a premature stillborn baby was placed on the bed in a blanket.	A letter stated that a premature stillborn baby was placed on the bed in a blanket.	1
The letter stated that a premature stillborn baby was placed on the bed in a blanket.	A letter stated that a premature stillborn baby was placed on the bed in a blanket. The letter stated that a premature stillborn baby was placed on the bed in a blanket.	1
"This is a wide-ranging and continuing investigation which is likely to result in numerous other charges," Mr Spitzer said.	"This investigation is a wide ranging and continuing investigation which is likely to result in numerous other charges," Mr Spitzer said.	1
"This is a wide-ranging and continuing investigation which is likely to result in numerous other charges," Mr Spitzer said.	"This is a wide ranging and continuing investigation which is likely to result in numerous other charges," Mr Spitzer said.	1
"This is a wide-ranging and continuing investigation which is likely to result in numerous other charges," Mr Spitzer said.	This is a wide-ranging and continuing investigation which is likely to result in numerous other charges," Mr Spitzer said.	1
In early afternoon trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 7.58, or 0.1 percent, at 9,381.79.	In trading in early afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 7.58, or 0.1 percent, at 9,381.79.	1
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.	Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will stop its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.	1
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.	Kyi, U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid until Suu Kyi is freed.	1
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.	As Japan adds to growing international pressure, it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed. Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.	1
The decision could also prove useful in the "war on terrorism".	The decision could also prove useful in the "war against terrorism".	1
The decision could also prove useful in the "war on terrorism".	Could the decision prove useful for the "war on terrorism"?	1
Currently, the state's congressional delegation is made up of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.	Actually, the state's congressional delegation is made up of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.	1
In the first stage of the attack, the Lovsan worm began fouling computers around the world.	In the initial stage of the attack, the Lovsan worm began fouling computers around the world.	1
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.	Ann Veneman, U.S. Agriculture secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays Ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.	1
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.	Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesday's ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.	1
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.	USDA agriculture secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.	1
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.	U.S. agriculture secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.	1
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.	Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.	1
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.	Agriculture secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.	1
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.	Ann Veneman, U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesday's ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.	1
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.	U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesday's ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.	1
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.	Only 29 family of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.	1
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.	Only 29 family frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.	1
The survey that found it covered only a narrow slice of the sky.	The survey that found it covered only a narrow slice of sky.	1
The survey that found it covered only a narrow slice of the sky.	The survey that found it covered only a small slice of the sky.	1
However, the standards body warns that changes to Internet Explorer may affect a "large number" of existing Web sites.	The standards body warns that changes to Internet Explorer may affect a "large number" of existing web sites.	1
However, the standards body warns that changes to Internet Explorer may affect a "large number" of existing Web sites.	The standards body warns that changes to Internet Explorer may affect a large number of existing Web sites.	1
However, the standards body warns that changes to Internet Explorer may affect a "large number" of existing Web sites.	Apparently, the standards body warns that changes to Internet Explorer may affect a "large number" of existing Web sites.	1
Both Blair and Bush have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.	Both Bush and Blair have faced accusations about manipulation of intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.	1
Both Blair and Bush have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.	Both Bush and Blair face accusations of manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.	1
Both Blair and Bush have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.	Both Blair and Bush face accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.	1
Both Blair and Bush have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.	Both Blair and Bush have faced allegations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.	1
Both Blair and Bush have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.	Both Bush and Blair have faced accusations of manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.	1
Both Blair and Bush have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.	Blair and Bush have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.	1
Both Blair and Bush have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.	Both Bush and Blair have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.	1
Both Blair and Bush have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.	Bush and Blair are both accused of manipulating the intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.	1
Both Blair and Bush have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.	Bush and Blair have faced accusations that they manipulated intelligence about weapons of mass destruction to make the case for military action.	1
"I think 70 percent of the work is already done," Tauzin told reporters in the Capitol.	"I think 70 percent of the work is already done," Tauzin told reporters at the Capitol.	1
"I think 70 percent of the work is already done," Tauzin told reporters in the Capitol.	I think 70 percent of the work is already done, Tauzin told reporters at the Capitol.	1
"I think 70 percent of the work is already done," Tauzin told reporters in the Capitol.	"I think 70 percent of the work is already done," Tauzin said to reporters in the Capitol.	1
"I think 70 percent of the work is already done," Tauzin told reporters in the Capitol.	"70 percent of the work is already done," Tauzin told reporters in the Capitol.	1
"I think 70 percent of the work is already done," Tauzin told reporters in the Capitol.	I think 70 percent of the work is already done," Tauzin told reporters in the Capitol.	1
"I think 70 percent of the work is already done," Tauzin told reporters in the Capitol.	I think 70 percent of the work is already done, Tauzin told reporters in the Capitol.	1
"We must defend those whom we dislike or even despise," said Neal R. Sonnett, a Miami lawyer who led an association panel on enemy combatants.	"We have to defend those whom we dislike or even despise," said Neal R. Sonnett, a Miami lawyer who led an association panel on enemy combatants.	1
"We must defend those whom we dislike or even despise," said Neal R. Sonnett, a Miami lawyer who led an association panel on enemy combatants.	"We have to defend those we dislike or despise," said Neal R. Sonnett, a Miami lawyer who led an association panel on enemy combatants.	1
"We must defend those whom we dislike or even despise," said Neal R. Sonnett, a Miami lawyer who led an association panel on enemy combatants.	"We must defend those whom we dislike or despise," said Neal R. Sonnett, a Miami lawyer who led an association panel on enemy combatants.	1
"We must defend those whom we dislike or even despise," said Neal R. Sonnett, a Miami lawyer who led an association panel on enemy combatants.	"We must defend those who we dislike or even despise," said Neal R. Sonnett, a Miami lawyer who led an association panel on enemy combatants.	1
Likewise, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 23/32 for a yield of 4.34 percent, up from 4.30 percent.	Similarly, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 23/32 for a yield of 4.34 percent, up from 4.30 percent.	1
Likewise, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 23/32 for a yield of 4.34 percent, up from 4.30 percent.	Also, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 23/32 for a yield of 4.34 percent, up from 4.30 percent.	1
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.	Earlier, they had defied police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.	1
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.	They had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.	1
The announcement comes one day after Microsoft’s global security chief, Scott Charney, reiterated Microsoft’s promises to simplify the way it distributes patches to users.	This announcement comes a day after Microsoft’s global security chief, Scott Charney, reiterated Microsoft’s promises to simplify the way it distributes patches to users.	1
The announcement comes one day after Microsoft’s global security chief, Scott Charney, reiterated Microsoft’s promises to simplify the way it distributes patches to users.	The announcement comes one day after Microsoft's global security chief, Scott Charney, reiterated Microsoft's promises to simplify the way it distributes patches to users.	1
The announcement comes one day after Microsoft’s global security chief, Scott Charney, reiterated Microsoft’s promises to simplify the way it distributes patches to users.	The announcement comes one day after Microsoft’s global security chief, Scott Charney, reiterated Microsoft’s promise to simplify the way it distributes patches to users.	1
The announcement comes one day after Microsoft’s global security chief, Scott Charney, reiterated Microsoft’s promises to simplify the way it distributes patches to users.	The announcement comes one day after Microsoft's global security chief, Scott Charney, reiterated Microsoft's promise to simplify the way it distributes patches to users.	1
The fighting around Bunia began after neighboring Uganda completed the withdrawal of its more than 6,000 soldiers from the town.	The fighting around Bunia began after neighboring Uganda completed the withdrawal of its more than 6,000 troops from the town.	1
The Yankees, however, had big trouble handling Victor Zambrano (4-4) for the second straight time.	The Yankees had big trouble handling Victor Zambrano (4-4) for the second straight time.	1
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.	A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself as an advocate for corporate governance.	1
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.	A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself as an advocate of better corporate governance.	1
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.	A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself as an advocate of corporate governance.	1
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.	A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself as an advocate for better corporate governance.	1
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.	A former candidate for Governor of New York, he styled himself as an advocate for corporate governance.	1
A former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself an advocate of better corporate governance.	As a former candidate for governor of New York, he styled himself as an advocate for better corporate governance.	1
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.	Yeager says the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.	1
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.	Yeager said the Target attack suspect showed tendencies of being a prior offender.	1
Yeager said the suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender.	"The suspect in the Target attack showed tendencies of being a prior offender," said Yeager.	1
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.	Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when ex-CEO Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.	1
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.	Tenet is under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.	1
Tenet has been under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.	Tenet was under scrutiny since November, when former Chief Executive Jeffrey Barbakow said the company used aggressive pricing to trigger higher payments for the sickest Medicare patients.	1
His decision means that the case against Gary Lee Sampson, including the capital charges against him, will be tried in September.	The decision means that the case against Gary Lee Sampson, including the capital charges against him, will be tried in September.	1
His decision means that the case against Gary Lee Sampson, including the capital charges against him, will be tried in September.	His decision means that Gary Lee Sampson's case, including the capital charges against him, will be tried in September.	1
His decision means that the case against Gary Lee Sampson, including the capital charges against him, will be tried in September.	He decided that the case against Gary Lee Sampson, including the capital charges against him, will be tried in September.	1
His decision means that the case against Gary Lee Sampson, including the capital charges against him, will be tried in September.	He said that his decision means that the case against Gary Lee Sampson, including the capital charges against him, will be tried in September.	1
Meanwhile, rival contender, General Electric's NBC, submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said.	In parallel, rival competitor General Electric's NBC, submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said.	1
Meanwhile, rival contender, General Electric's NBC, submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said.	While rival contender, General Electric's NBC, submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said.	1
Meanwhile, rival contender, General Electric's NBC, submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said.	General Electric's rival, NBC, submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said.	1
Meanwhile, rival contender, General Electric's NBC, submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said.	A rival contender, General Electric's NBC, submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said.	1
Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.	As for Freeman, the civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.	1
Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.	Freeman's civil hearing might be, on the surface, about a driver's license.	1
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Brian Halla, National's chief executive, said in a statement.	This deal makes sense for both companies," Brian Halla, National's chief executive, said in a statement.	1
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Brian Halla, National's chief executive, said in a statement.	Brian Halla, National's chief executive, said in a statement. "This deal makes sense for both companies," he said.	1
Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped from 29.4 to 32.6, while those claiming work was plentiful slipped from 13 to 12.6.	Consumers who say jobs are difficult to find jumped from 29.4 to 32.6, while those claiming work was plentiful slipped from 13 to 12.6.	1
Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped from 29.4 to 32.6, while those claiming work was plentiful slipped from 13 to 12.6.	Consumers who claimed that jobs are difficult to find jumped from 29.4 to 32.6, while those claiming work was plentiful slipped from 13 to 12.6.	1
He has no immediate plans for television advertising, believing it is unnecessary this early.	He has no immediate plans for TV advertising, believing it is unnecessary this early.	1
He has no immediate plans for television advertising, believing it is unnecessary this early.	He does not immediately plan for television advertising, believing it is unnecessary this early.	1
The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue in Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.	The priest, the Rev. John F. Johnston, 64, of 35th Avenue, Jackson Heights, was charged with aggravated harassment and criminal possession of a weapon.	1
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.	Qualcomm enjoys many years of selling, "against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.	1
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.	"Qualcomm enjoys many years of selling,...against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.	1
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.	Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.	1
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.	"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling..." "Against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.	1
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.	"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.	1
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.	"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition," Hubach said.	1
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.	"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling, against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.	1
"Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling...against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.	Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling against little or no competition," Hubach said in the statement.	1
That state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process for writing a new constitution and for holding the first democratic elections.	If a government does not write a new constitution, that state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process for writing a new constitution and for holding the first democratic elections.	1
That state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process for writing a new constitution and for holding the first democratic elections.	Until the interim government decides on a process for writing a new constitution and for holding the first democratic elections, that state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process for writing a new constitution and for holding the first democratic elections.	1
That state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process for writing a new constitution and for holding the first democratic elections.	The state will not emerge until the interim government decides on a process for writing a new constitution and for holding the first democratic elections.	1
"I think it happened very quickly," Houston Police Department homicide investigator Phil Yochum said of the crime.	"I think it happened very quickly," Houston Police Department homicide investigator Phil Yochum said of the crime. "I think it happened very quickly."	1
"I think it happened very quickly," Houston Police Department homicide investigator Phil Yochum said of the crime.	"I think it happened very quickly," said Houston Police Department homicide investigator Phil Yochum about the crime.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail has said its system can even be set up to permit business-only use.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail says the system can even be set up to allow business-only usage.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail said it can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail says it can be configured to permit business-only use.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail has stated it can even be set up to allow business-only usage.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail has said its software can be set up to allow business-only usage.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail says it can even be set up to allow business-only usage.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail says the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail says the system can even be set up to permit business-only use.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail said the system can even be set up to allow business-only use.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail added that the system could even be set up for business-only use.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail says its software can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail said that the system can even be set up to permit business-only use.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail says the system can be set up to permit business-only usage.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail says it can even be set up to permit business-only use.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail said the system can even be set up to allow business-only usage.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only use.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail has confirmed that the system can be set up for business-only use.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail says it can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	1
The Senate Armed Services Committee will hold a separate hearing Thursday.	The Senate Armed Services Committee will hold separate hearings Thursday.	1
The telephone survey had a margin of error of 2 percentage points.	The survey was conducted via telephone at a margin of error of 2 percentage points.	1
The telephone survey had a margin of error of 2 percentage points.	In the telephone survey, there was a margin of error of 2%.	1
The telephone survey had a margin of error of 2 percentage points.	A telephone survey had a margin of error of 2 percentage points.	1
The telephone survey had a margin of error of 2 percentage points.	On the telephone survey, there was a margin of error of 2 percentage points.	1
The telephone survey had a margin of error of 2 percentage points.	In the telephone survey, the margin of error was 2 percentage points.	1
The telephone survey had a margin of error of 2 percentage points.	The telephone survey had a margin of error of 2%.	1
United issued a statement saying it will "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."	United has issued a statement stating it will "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."	1
United issued a statement saying it will "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."	United said it would work "professionally and cooperatively with all its unions".	1
United issued a statement saying it will "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."	United issued a statement saying it will "work professionally and cooperatively" with all its unions.	1
United issued a statement saying it will "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."	United Unions stated it will "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."	1
United issued a statement saying it will "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."	United issued a statement saying it will "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions." The union issued a statement stating that it said it would "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."	1
United issued a statement saying it will "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."	United issued a statement saying it will "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions".	1
United issued a statement saying it will "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."	United said it would "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."	1
Tonight, 21-year-old Morgan and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school's 143-year history.	Tonight, Morgan, 21, and as many as 1,200 fellow students at Wheaton College will gather in the gym for the first real dance in the school's 143-year history.	1
The bodies of former Invercargill man Warren Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47, were recovered from below Mt D'Archiac late yesterday morning.	The bodies of former Invercargill man Warren Campbell, 32, and climbing companion Jonathan Smith, 47 were recovered from below Mt D'Archiac late yesterday morning.	1
In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.	In 2001, President Bush appointed Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.	1
In 2001, President Bush named Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association board of directors.	In 2001, President Bush appointed Kathy Gregg to the Student Loan Marketing Association Board of Directors.	1
Beckham will receive a yearly salary of $10 million plus bonuses, earning him about $220,000 a game.	Beckham will receive a yearly salary of $10 million plus bonus, earning an average of about $220,000 a game.	1
Beckham will receive a yearly salary of $10 million plus bonuses, earning him about $220,000 a game.	Beckham will receive an annual salary of $10 million plus bonuses, earning about $220,000 a game.	1
Beckham will receive a yearly salary of $10 million plus bonuses, earning him about $220,000 a game.	Beckham will receive a yearly salary of $10 million plus bonuses, earning about $220,000 a game.	1
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.	Mortality in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.	1
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.	The deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.	1
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.	In 2002, rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths, the agency says.	1
Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths in 2002, the agency says.	In 2002, Rollover deaths accounted for 82 percent of the number of traffic deaths, the agency says.	1
This week's tour will take Bush to Senegal, South Africa, Botswana, Uganda and Nigeria, and is aimed at softening his warrior image at home and abroad.	Bush's trip this week will take him to Senegal, South Africa, Botswana, Uganda and Nigeria, and is aimed at softening his warrior image at home and abroad.	1
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.	Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will maybe be the trickiest of all hires because there is so a dearth of good ones.	1
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.	Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will likely be the trickiest of all hires because there is so a dearth of good ones.	1
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.	Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is so a dearth of good ones.	1
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.	Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will probably be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.	1
Executive recruiters say that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.	What do executive recruiters say is that finding a seasoned chief merchandising officer will perhaps be the trickiest of all hires because there is such a dearth of good ones.	1
"We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana," she told a victory party in New Orleans.	We are sending a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana," she said at a victory party in New Orleans.	1
"We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana," she told a victory party in New Orleans.	"We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana" she said in a victory party in New Orleans.	1
"We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana," she told a victory party in New Orleans.	"We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana," she told the victory party in New Orleans.	1
"We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana," she told a victory party in New Orleans.	"We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana," she said during a victory party in New Orleans.	1
"We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana," she told a victory party in New Orleans.	"We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana," she said at a victory party in New Orleans.	1
"We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana," she told a victory party in New Orleans.	"We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana" she told a victory party in New Orleans.	1
"We have sent a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana," she told a victory party in New Orleans.	"We are sending a message to the nation that this is a new Louisiana," she said at a victory party in New Orleans.	1
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.	Five more human cases of West Nile virus were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.	1
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.	Five human cases of West Nile virus were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.	1
Five more human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.	Five human cases of West Nile virus, were reported by the Mesa County Health Department on Wednesday.	1
It said the operation, which began on Monday, was part of "the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists, paramilitary groups and other subversive elements."	It said the operation, which began on Monday, was part of the "the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists, paramilitaries and other subversive elements".	1
It said the operation, which began on Monday, was part of "the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists, paramilitary groups and other subversive elements."	It says the operation, which began on Monday, was part of "the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists, paramilitary groups and other subversive elements" it says.	1
It said the operation, which began on Monday, was part of "the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists, paramilitary groups and other subversive elements."	It said the operation, which began on Monday, was part of "the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists, paramilitary groups and other subversive elements".	1
It said the operation, which began on Monday, was part of "the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists, paramilitary groups and other subversive elements."	The operation, which began on Monday, was part of "the continued effort to eradicate Baath party loyalists, paramilitary groups and other subversive elements".	1
It said the operation, which began on Monday, was part of "the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists, paramilitary groups and other subversive elements."	According to it, the operation, which began on Monday, was part of "the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists, paramilitary groups and other subversive elements".	1
NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, although it's first among the key 18-to- 49-year-old demographic.	NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, although it's first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic.	1
NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, although it's first among the key 18-to- 49-year-old demographic.	NBC is probably going to end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, although it's first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic.	1
NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, although it's first among the key 18-to- 49-year-old demographic.	Is NBC likely to end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, though it's first among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographic?	1
"But they never climb out of the pot of beer again."	"But they never climb out of the pot of beer again. But they never climb out of the pot."	1
In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 0.6 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 slipped 0.02 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 0.8 percent.	In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 0.6%, Britain's FTSE 100 slipped 0.02 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 0.8%.	1
In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 0.6 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 slipped 0.02 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 0.8 percent.	In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 0.6%, Britain's FTSE 100 slipped 0.02 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 0.8 percent.	1
In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 0.6 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 slipped 0.02 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 0.8 percent.	In Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 0.6 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 slipped 0.02 percent and Germany's DAX advanced 0.8 percent.	1
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.	Some 660 prisoners, from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.	1
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.	Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al Qaeda network.	1
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.	Approximately 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.	1
Some 660 prisoners from 42 countries, including Canada, are held, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.	Some 660 prisoners are held from 42 countries, including Canada, many captured during the war against in Afghanistan the al-Qaida network.	1
"Beginning; early stages; not life-threatening; treatable," he said at a news conference at the Capitol.	"Beginning; early stages; not life-threatening; treatable," said he at a news conference at the Capitol.	1
"Beginning; early stages; not life-threatening; treatable," he said at a news conference at the Capitol.	"Beginning; early stages; not life-threatening; treatable", he said at a news conference at the Capitol.	1
Oracle's offer "undervalues the company and is not in the best interest of stockholders," PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway said.	PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway said Oracle's offer undervalues the company and is not in the best interest of stockholders.	1
Oracle's offer "undervalues the company and is not in the best interest of stockholders," PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway said.	PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway says Oracle's offer "undervalues the company and is not in the best interest of stockholders," he said.	1
Oracle's offer "undervalues the company and is not in the best interest of stockholders," PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway said.	PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway said Oracle's offer "undervalues the company and is not in the best interest of stockholders."	1
Roberson was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg, according to her mother, Shamika Woumnm of Dorchester.	Roberson was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg, according to her mother, Shamika Woumnm, Dorchester.	1
Roberson was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg, according to her mother, Shamika Woumnm of Dorchester.	Roberson was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg according to her mother, Shamika Woumnm of Dorchester.	1
Roberson was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg, according to her mother, Shamika Woumnm of Dorchester.	Ms. Roberson was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg, according to her mother, Shamika Woumnm of Dorchester.	1
He says information released about a tarot card left at one shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communications with the sniper.	He says information about a tarot card left at one shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communications with the sniper.	1
He says information released about a tarot card left at one shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communications with the sniper.	He says information released about a tarot card left at one shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communication with the sniper.	1
He says information released about a tarot card left at one shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communications with the sniper.	He says the information released about a tarot card left at one shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communications with the sniper.	1
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.	Andy Bryant, Chief Financial Officer, has said that the hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.	1
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.	Andy Bryant, Chief Financial Officer, has said that hike has a greater impact volume than officials expected.	1
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.	Andy Bryant, Chief Financial Officer, has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.	1
Chief financial officer Andy Bryant has said that hike had a greater affect volume than officials expected.	Andy Bryant, chief financial officer has said that hike had a greater effect volume than officials expected.	1
It was the 23-9 Yankees' third straight defeat - their longest skid of the season.	It was the 23-9 Yankees' third straight loss - their longest skid of the season.	1
It was the 23-9 Yankees' third straight defeat - their longest skid of the season.	It is the 23-9 Yankees' third straight defeat - their longest skid of the season.	1
It was the 23-9 Yankees' third straight defeat - their longest skid of the season.	This was the 23-9 Yankees' third straight loss, their longest skid of the season.	1
Solomon 5.5 is available initially in the United States and Canada, for a starting price of about $12,700.	Solomon 5.5 is available in the United States and Canada, for a starting price of about $12,700.	1
Solomon 5.5 is available initially in the United States and Canada, for a starting price of about $12,700.	Solomon 5.5 is available in the United States and Canada for a starting price of about $12,700.	1
Solomon 5.5 is available initially in the United States and Canada, for a starting price of about $12,700.	Solomon 5.5 is available for an initial launch in the United States and Canada, for a starting price of about $12,700.	1
Solomon 5.5 is available initially in the United States and Canada, for a starting price of about $12,700.	Solomon 5.5 is available now in the United States and Canada, for a starting price of about $12,700.	1
Solomon 5.5 is available initially in the United States and Canada, for a starting price of about $12,700.	Solomon 5.5 is available for a starting price of about $12,700 in the United States and Canada.	1
The SEC said on Thursday its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses.	SEC said on Thursday its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses.	1
The SEC said on Thursday its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses.	The SEC said on Thursday that its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses.	1
The SEC said on Thursday its staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses.	SEC officials said on Thursday that the SEC staff was preparing to draw up rules to combat trading abuses.	1
History will remember the University of Washington's Dr. Belding Scribner as the man who has saved more than a million lives by making long-term kidney dialysis possible.	History will remember the University of Washington's Dr. Belding Scribner as the man who saved more than a million lives by making long-term kidney dialysis possible.	1
In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.	In the U.S., 20.7 percent of all women smoke.	1
In the United States, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.	In the United States of America, 20.7 percent of all women smoke.	1
But he will meet the French President, Jacques Chirac, privately.	Or he will meet the President of France, Jacques Chirac, privately.	1
But he will meet the French President, Jacques Chirac, privately.	But he will meet the French President Jacques Chirac, privately.	1
But he will meet the French President, Jacques Chirac, privately.	But he will meet the French President Jacques Chirac privately.	1
But he will meet the French President, Jacques Chirac, privately.	But he will meet the President of France, Jacques Chirac, privately.	1
But he will meet the French President, Jacques Chirac, privately.	Then he'll meet the President of France, Jacques Chirac, privately.	1
But he will meet the French President, Jacques Chirac, privately.	He will meet French President Jacques Chirac in private.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.	The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.	1
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for failing to address the scandal.	The hearing came a day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for failing to address the scandal.	1
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for failing to address the scandal.	The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out a officer, Dallager, for failing to address the scandal.	1
Robert Liscouski, the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection, will oversee NCSD.	Robert Liscouski is the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection. He will oversee NCSD.	1
Robert Liscouski, the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection, will oversee NCSD.	Robert Liscouski is Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection. He will oversee NCSD.	1
Robert Liscouski, the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection, will oversee NCSD.	Robert Liscouski will serve as the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection, overseeing NCSD.	1
Robert Liscouski, the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection, will oversee NCSD.	Robert Liscouski, Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection will oversee NCSD.	1
Robert Liscouski, the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection, will oversee NCSD.	Robert Liscouski, Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection, will oversee NCSD.	1
Columbia was destroyed during re-entry Feb. 1, killing its seven astronauts.	Columbia was destroyed during re-entry Feb. 1, killing its 7 astronauts.	1
Columbia was destroyed during re-entry Feb. 1, killing its seven astronauts.	The Columbia was destroyed during reentry Feb. 1, killing its seven astronauts.	1
Columbia was destroyed during re-entry Feb. 1, killing its seven astronauts.	The Columbia was destroyed during re-entry Feb. 1, killing its seven astronauts.	1
Feral's group was behind a successful tourism boycott about a decade ago that resulted in then-Gov. Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992.	And Feral's group was behind a successful tourism boycott about a decade ago that resulted in then-Gov. Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992.	1
Feral's group was behind a successful tourism boycott about a decade ago that resulted in then-Gov. Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992.	A decade ago, Feral's group was behind a successful tourism boycott about a decade ago that resulted in then-Gov. Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992.	1
Feral's group was behind a successful tourism boycott about a decade ago that resulted in then-Gov. Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992.	In this way, Feral's group was behind a successful tourism boycott about a decade ago that resulted in then-Gov. Walter J. Hickel imposing a moratorium on wolf control in 1992.	1
She concludes that what her husband did was morally wrong but not a betrayal of the public.	What she concludes is that what her husband did was morally wrong but not a betrayal of the public.	1
She concludes that what her husband did was morally wrong but not a betrayal of the public.	She concludes that her husband was morally wrong but not a betrayal of the public.	1
She concludes that what her husband did was morally wrong but not a betrayal of the public.	In the end, she concludes that what her husband did was morally wrong but not a betrayal of the public.	1
Sen. Bob Graham, Florida Democrat, raised $2 million after getting a late start.	Senator Bob Graham, Florida Democrat, raised $2 million after getting a late start.	1
Sen. Bob Graham, Florida Democrat, raised $2 million after getting a late start.	Sen. Bob Graham, Florida Democratic, raised $2 million after getting a late start.	1
The exam contains four sections and tests a students knowledge of algebra and geometry as well as probability and statistics.	The test contains four sections and tests a students knowledge of algebra and geometry as well as probability and statistics.	1
The exam contains four sections and tests a students knowledge of algebra and geometry as well as probability and statistics.	This exam contains four sections and tests a students knowledge of algebra and geometry as well as probability and statistics.	1
The exam contains four sections and tests a students knowledge of algebra and geometry as well as probability and statistics.	Exam contains four sections and tests a students knowledge of algebra and geometry as well as probability and statistics.	1
The exam contains four sections and tests a students knowledge of algebra and geometry as well as probability and statistics.	The exam contains four sections and tests a student knowledge of algebra and geometry as well as probability and statistics.	1
The exam contains four sections and tests a students knowledge of algebra and geometry as well as probability and statistics.	The four section exam contains four sections and tests a students knowledge of algebra and geometry as well as probability and statistics.	1
Top U.S. executives are feeling increasingly sunny about business conditions and corporate profits, according to a survey released Monday.	Unquestionably, top US executives are feeling increasingly sunny about business conditions and corporate profits, according to a survey released Monday.	1
Top U.S. executives are feeling increasingly sunny about business conditions and corporate profits, according to a survey released Monday.	According to the survey, top U.S. executives are feeling increasingly sunny about business conditions and corporate profits, according to a survey released on Monday.	1
Massachusetts is one of 12 states that does not have the death penalty, having abolished capital punishment in 1984.	Massachusetts is one of 12 states that did not have the death penalty, having abolished capital punishment in 1984.	1
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.	Taylor's aides warn that an abrupt departure would trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.	1
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.	Taylor's aides warn that an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.	1
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.	aides of Taylor warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.	1
HP's shipments increased 48 percent year-over-year, compared to an increase of 31 percent for Dell.	HP shipments increased 48% year-over-year, compared to an increase of 31 percent for Dell.	1
HP's shipments increased 48 percent year-over-year, compared to an increase of 31 percent for Dell.	HP's shipments increased 48% year-over-year, compared to an increase of 31 percent for Dell.	1
Mr. Gettelfinger said at that news conference that "we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement," with Ford and G.M.	Mr. Gettelfinger said at the conference that "we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement," with Ford and G.M.	1
Mr. Gettelfinger said at that news conference that "we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement," with Ford and G.M.	At that same news conference, Mr. Gettelfinger said, "We are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement," with Ford and G.M.	1
Mr. Gettelfinger said at that news conference that "we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement," with Ford and G.M.	At that news conference Mr. Gettelfinger said that "we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement," with Ford and G.M.	1
Mr. Gettelfinger said at that news conference that "we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement," with Ford and G.M.	Mr. Gettelfinger said at that news conference that "we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement." Ford and G.M.	1
Mr. Gettelfinger said at that news conference that "we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement," with Ford and G.M.	At that news conference, Mr. Gettelfinger said that "we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement" with Ford and G.M.	1
Mr. Gettelfinger said at that news conference that "we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement," with Ford and G.M.	Mr. Gettelfinger said at that news conference that "we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement" with Ford and G.M.	1
Mr. Gettelfinger said at that news conference that "we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement," with Ford and G.M.	At that news conference, Mr. Gettelfinger said that "we are going to continue to hammer away at the negotiations process until we reach an agreement," with Ford and G.M.	1
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.	Country music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of the ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.	1
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.	Country radio station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.	1
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.	Country music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.	1
Their difference was over whether the court should pay attention to legal opinions of other world courts, such as the European Court of Human Rights.	Their Difference was over whether the court should pay attention to the legal opinions of other world courts, such as the European Court of Human Rights.	1
Their difference was over whether the court should pay attention to legal opinions of other world courts, such as the European Court of Human Rights.	Their difference was over whether the court should pay attention to the legal opinions of other world courts, such as the European Court of Human Rights.	1
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.	It is also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.	1
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by the Associated Press.	1
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	BOSTON (AP) The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by the Associated Press.	1
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	BOSTON The Catholic Archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	1
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle over 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	1
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	1
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	Boston The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle over 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	1
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	Boston The Catholic Archdiocese of Boston has offered $55 million to settle over 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	1
Lewis said that the third-quarter results were driven by deposit and loan growth, strong investment banking and trading results, and improved mortgage and card revenues.	Lewis said that the third quarter results were driven by deposit and loan growth, strong investment banking and trading results, and improved mortgage and card revenues.	1
Lewis said that the third-quarter results were driven by deposit and loan growth, strong investment banking and trading results, and improved mortgage and card revenues.	Ms. Lewis said that the third-quarter results were driven by deposit and loan growth, strong investment banking and trading results, and improved mortgage and card revenues.	1
Lewis said that the third-quarter results were driven by deposit and loan growth, strong investment banking and trading results, and improved mortgage and card revenues.	Lewis said that third quarter results were driven by deposit and loan growth, strong investment banking and trading results, and improved mortgage and card revenues.	1
Swedish telecom equipment maker Ericsson (nasdaq: QCOM - news - people) scrambled up $2.19, or almost 12 percent, to $20.59.	Sweden's telecom equipment maker Ericsson (nasdaq: QCOM - news - people) scrambled up $2.19, or almost 12 percent, to $20.59.	1
They were not supplied or given to us but unearthed by our reporter, David Blair, in the Foreign Ministry in Baghdad."	They were not provided or given to us but unearthed by our reporter, David Blair, in the Foreign Ministry in Baghdad."	1
They were not supplied or given to us but unearthed by our reporter, David Blair, in the Foreign Ministry in Baghdad."	They were not provided or given to us but unearthed by our reporter, David Blair, in the Foreign Ministry in Baghdad.	1
They were not supplied or given to us but unearthed by our reporter, David Blair, in the Foreign Ministry in Baghdad."	These were not supplied or given to us but unearthed by our reporter, David Blair, in the Foreign Ministry in Baghdad."	1
They were not supplied or given to us but unearthed by our reporter, David Blair, in the Foreign Ministry in Baghdad."	Those were not supplied or given to us but unearthed by our reporter, David Blair, in the Foreign Ministry in Baghdad."	1
Brian Brabazon said his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.	Brian Brabazon says his son would get upset but then turn around and befriend his taunters.	1
At his sentencing, Avants had tubes in his nose and a portable oxygen tank beside him.	On his sentencing, Avants had tubes in his nose and a portable oxygen tank beside him.	1
At his sentencing, Avants had tubes in his nose and a portable oxygen tank beside him.	On sentencing, Avants had tubes in his nose and a portable oxygen tank beside him.	1
At his sentencing, Avants had tubes in his nose and a portable oxygen tank beside him.	When Avants was sentenced, he had tubes in his nose and a portable oxygen tank beside him.	1
McKnight's lawyers say there is no proof her cocaine use caused the child's death.	McKnight's lawyers say there is no evidence that her cocaine use caused the child's death.	1
McKnight's lawyers say there is no proof her cocaine use caused the child's death.	McKnight's lawyers say there is no proof that her cocaine use caused the child's death.	1
McKnight's lawyers say there is no proof her cocaine use caused the child's death.	McKnight's lawyers say there is no proof cocaine use caused the child's death.	1
McKnight's lawyers say there is no proof her cocaine use caused the child's death.	McKnight's lawyers say there is no proof that cocaine caused the child's death.	1
The number of extremely obese American adults - those who are at least 100 pounds overweight - has quadrupled since the 1980s to about 4 million.	The number of extremely obese Americans - those who are at least 100 pounds overweight - has quadrupled since the 1980s to about 4 million.	1
An animal rights group waited Friday to find out if it has succeeded in putting a stop to a state-sponsored program allowing hunters to shoot wolves from airplanes in Alaska.	An animal rights group waited Friday to find out if it succeeded in putting a stop to a state-sponsored program allowing hunters to shoot wolves from airplanes in Alaska.	1
An animal rights group waited Friday to find out if it has succeeded in putting a stop to a state-sponsored program allowing hunters to shoot wolves from airplanes in Alaska.	Animal rights group waited Friday to find out if it succeeded in putting a stop to a state-sponsored program allowing hunters to shoot wolves from airplanes in Alaska.	1
The CFTC has been investigating several energy companies, including at least three Colorado companies, for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural-gas trading prices to industry publications.	CFTC investigating several energy companies, including at least three Colorado companies, for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural-gas trading prices to industry publications.	1
The CFTC has been investigating several energy companies, including at least three Colorado companies, for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural-gas trading prices to industry publications.	CFTC is investigating several energy companies, including at least three Colorado companies, for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural-gas trading prices to industry publications.	1
The CFTC has been investigating several energy companies, including at least three Colorado companies, for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural-gas trading prices to industry publications.	The CFTC has been investigating several energy companies, including at least three Colorado companies, for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural gas trading prices to industry publications.	1
The CFTC has been investigating several energy companies, including at least three Colorado companies, for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural-gas trading prices to industry publications.	CFTC has been investigating several energy companies, including at least three Colorado companies, for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural gas trading prices to industry publications.	1
The CFTC has been investigating several energy companies, including at least three Colorado companies, for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural-gas trading prices to industry publications.	CFTC is investigating three energy companies, including at least three Colorado companies, for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural gas trading prices to industry publications.	1
The CFTC has been investigating several energy companies, including at least three Colorado companies, for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural-gas trading prices to industry publications.	CFTC investigating several energy companies, including at least three Colorado companies, for manipulating energy markets by reporting false natural gas trading prices to industry publications.	1
"In relation to the second paper, one part of that should have been sourced to a reference work.	In relation to the second paper, one part of that should have been sourced to a reference work.	1
"In relation to the second paper, one part of that should have been sourced to a reference work.	In relation to the second paper, one part of that should have been sourced to a reference work."	1
"In relation to the second paper, one part of that should have been sourced to a reference work.	In relation to the second paper, one part of that should have been sourced to a reference work. "	1
"In relation to the second paper, one part of that should have been sourced to a reference work.	"In relation to the second paper, one part of that should have been sourced to a reference work. "	1
He was eventually taken to London's Hammersmith hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock.	He was taken to London's Hammersmith hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock.	1
He was eventually taken to London's Hammersmith hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock.	Blair was eventually taken to London's Hammersmith hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock.	1
He was eventually taken to London's Hammersmith hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock.	Mr Blair was taken to London's Hammersmith hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock.	1
He was eventually taken to London's Hammersmith hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock.	In London, doctors regulated Blair's heart rate via electric shock. He was eventually taken to London's Hammersmith hospital.	1
Under the legislation, a physician who performs the procedure could face up to two years in prison.	Under the law, a physician performing the procedure could face up to two years in prison.	1
Under the legislation, a physician who performs the procedure could face up to two years in prison.	Under the new law, a doctor performing a procedure could face two years in prison.	1
Under the legislation, a physician who performs the procedure could face up to two years in prison.	Under the provisions of the new legislation, a doctor who has done an operation may face up to two years in prison.	1
Under the legislation, a physician who performs the procedure could face up to two years in prison.	Under the legislation, a doctor who performs the procedure could face up to two years in prison.	1
Under the legislation, a physician who performs the procedure could face up to two years in prison.	Under the new law, any physician who performs surgery could face up to two years in prison.	1
Under the legislation, a physician who performs the procedure could face up to two years in prison.	Under the bill, a doctor performing a medical procedure can face up to two years in prison.	1
Under the legislation, a physician who performs the procedure could face up to two years in prison.	Under the law, a doctor who performs a procedure could face up to two years in prison.	1
Under the legislation, a physician who performs the procedure could face up to two years in prison.	Under the legislation, a doctor who performs a procedure could face up to two years in prison.	1
Chirac, who can pardon a law-breaker, refused Humbert's request last year but kept in close touch with the family.	Chirac, who can pardon a law-breaker, refused Humbert's request last year but kept in close contact with the family.	1
Chirac, who can pardon a law-breaker, refused Humbert's request last year but kept in close touch with the family.	Chirac, a who can pardon a law-breaker, refused Humbert's request last year but kept in close touch with the family.	1
Chirac, who can pardon a law-breaker, refused Humbert's request last year but kept in close touch with the family.	Chirac, who can pardon a law-breaker, refused Humbert's request last year but kept in close contact with his family.	1
Chirac, who can pardon a law-breaker, refused Humbert's request last year but kept in close touch with the family.	Who can pardon a law-breaker? Chirac refused Humbert's request last year but kept in close contact with his family.	1
Dotson was taken to Chester River Hospital Center where he stayed overnight.	Dotson was taken to the Chester River Hospital where he stayed overnight.	1
Dotson was taken to Chester River Hospital Center where he stayed overnight.	Didtson was taken to Chester River Hospital, where he stayed overnight.	1
Dotson was taken to Chester River Hospital Center where he stayed overnight.	Didtson was taken to Chester River Hospital Center where he stayed overnight.	1
Dotson was taken to Chester River Hospital Center where he stayed overnight.	Didtson was taken to Chester River Hospital where he stayed overnight.	1
When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.	When police removed the four from their home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.	1
When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 136 pounds combined.	When police removed the four from the home, they weighed 137 pounds combined.	1
The charges allege that he was part of the conspiracy to kill and kidnap persons in a foreign country.	He is suspected of being involved in a conspiracy to kill and kidnap people in a foreign country.	1
The charges allege that he was part of the conspiracy to kill and kidnap persons in a foreign country.	As per the charges, the accused alleged that he was part of the conspiracy to kill and kidnap persons in a foreign country.	1
The second company, temporarily dubbed ``InternationalCo.'', includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.	The second company, temporarily dubbed InternationalCo.'', includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.	1
The second company, temporarily dubbed ``InternationalCo.'', includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.	The second company, temporarily dubbed InternationalCo.'', consists of 19 international power and pipeline holdings.	1
The second company, temporarily dubbed ``InternationalCo.'', includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.	The second company, temporarily dubbed Internationalco.'', includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.	1
The second company, temporarily dubbed ``InternationalCo.'', includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.	The second company, temporarily dubbed 'InternationalCo.', includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.	1
The second company, temporarily dubbed ``InternationalCo.'', includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.	The second company, temporarily dubbed 'InternationalCo.'', includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.	1
The second company, temporarily dubbed ``InternationalCo.'', includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.	The second company, temporarily dubbed ''InternationalCo.'', includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.	1
He was convicted by a Ventura County Superior Court jury and sentenced in absentia to 124 years in prison.	He was convicted and sentenced in absentia by a Ventura County Superior Court jury and sentenced in absentia to 124 years in prison.	1
He was convicted by a Ventura County Superior Court jury and sentenced in absentia to 124 years in prison.	The man was convicted by a Ventura County Superior Court jury and sentenced in absentia to 124 years in prison.	1
He was convicted by a Ventura County Superior Court jury and sentenced in absentia to 124 years in prison.	After conviction by Ventura County Superior Court jury, he was sentenced in absentia to 124 years in prison.	1
He was convicted by a Ventura County Superior Court jury and sentenced in absentia to 124 years in prison.	Was convicted by a Ventura County Superior Court jury and sentenced in absentia to 124 years in prison.	1
The draft of the report was forthright: "Climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment."	"Climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment. " The draft of the report was forthright. "	1
The draft of the report was forthright: "Climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment."	Climate Change has global consequences for human health and environment. The draft of the report was forthright: "Climate change has global consequences for human health and environment."	1
The draft of the report was forthright: "Climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment."	The draft of the report was forthright: "Climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment.	1
The draft of the report was forthright: "Climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment."	Climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment. The draft of the report was forthright.	1
Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq.	Civilian reservists could also be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq.	1
Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq.	Civilian reservists can also be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq.	1
Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq.	Also civil reservists can be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq.	1
Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq.	Civilian Reservists can be sent overseas for job such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq.	1
Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq.	Civilian reservists could be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq.	1
Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq.	Can civilian reservists be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq?	1
In the 2002 study, the margin of error ranged from 1.8 to 4.4 percentage points.	In the study 2002, the margin of error ranged from 1.8 to 4.4 percentage points.	1
In the 2002 study, the margin of error ranged from 1.8 to 4.4 percentage points.	The margin of error of a 2002 study ranged from 1.8 to 4.4 percentage points.	1
Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	1
Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	Westfield Group, which owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	1
Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	Westfield Group, which owns Galleria in Morley, will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	1
Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, also plans to continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	1
Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, will also continue discussions of the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	1
Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, will continue discussions about other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	1
Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	Westfield also owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	1
Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	1
Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, will also continue discussions about other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	1
Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, also will continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	Westfield, which owns Galleria in Morley, will also continue discussions about the other co-owned centres such as Knox City in Melbourne, half-owned by Deutsche Bank.	1
Last year Bloomberg boycotted the parade because he wanted to march with two actors from "The Sopranos."	Last year Bloomberg boycotted the parade because he wanted to march with two actors from "The Sopranos"	1
Last year Bloomberg boycotted the parade because he wanted to march with two actors from "The Sopranos."	Bloomberg boycotted the parade last year because he wanted to march with two actors from "The Sopranos."	1
Last year Bloomberg boycotted the parade because he wanted to march with two actors from "The Sopranos."	Last year, Bloomberg boycotted the parade because he wanted to march with two actors from "The Sopranos."	1
Federal agents said Friday they are investigating the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.	Federal agents said Friday they are investigating the theft of 1,100 pounds of explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.	1
Mr. Clinton's national security adviser, Sandy Berger, said that the White House wasn't informed of the FBI activities.	Sandy Berger, Mr. Clinton's national security adviser, said that the White House wasn't informed of the FBI's activities.	1
Mr. Clinton's national security adviser, Sandy Berger, said that the White House wasn't informed of the FBI activities.	Sandy Berger, the national security adviser to Mr. Clinton, said that the White House wasn't informed about the FBI activities.	1
Mr. Clinton's national security adviser, Sandy Berger, said that the White House wasn't informed of the FBI activities.	Clinton's national security adviser, Sandy Berger, said that the White House was not informed of the FBI activity.	1
Mr. Clinton's national security adviser, Sandy Berger, said that the White House wasn't informed of the FBI activities.	Sandy Berger, Mr. Clinton's national security adviser, said that the White House wasn't informed of the FBI activities.	1
Like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to 27 December were flat, while the gross margin fell by 2 percentage points, the company said.	The company said that like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to 27 December were flat, while the gross margin fell by 2 percentage points.	1
Like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to 27 December were flat, while the gross margin fell by 2 percentage points, the company said.	For the 17 weeks to 27 December, like-for-like sales were flat, while the gross margin fell by 2 percentage points, the company said.	1
Like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to 27 December were flat, while the gross margin fell by 2 percentage points, the company said.	In the 17 weeks to 27 December, like-for-like sales were flat, while the gross margin fell by 2 percentage points, the company said.	1
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.	When the news of his death came, investigators were searching his home in Muenster, in the presence of his wife, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.	1
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.	When news of his death came, investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.	1
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.	When news of his death spread, investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.	1
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.	When the news of his death broke, investigators were searching his home in Muenster, in the presence of his wife, when the news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.	1
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.	When news of his death came, investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife, the prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.	1
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.	When the news of his death broke, investigators were searching his home in Muenster, in the presence of his wife, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.	1
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.	When the news of his death came, investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.	1
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.	When the news of his death came out, investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife, the prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.	1
Investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.	In the presence of his wife, investigators were searching his home in Muenster when news of his death came, prosecutor Wolfgang Schweer told The Associated Press.	1
"What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel efficient and aimed at young families."	What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel efficient and aimed at young families.	1
"What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel efficient and aimed at young families."	What this allows us to do is to have a crossover that is much more fuel efficient and aimed at young families. "	1
"What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel efficient and aimed at young families."	What this allows us to do is make a crossover that is more fuel efficient and aimed at young families."	1
"What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel efficient and aimed at young families."	What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel efficient and aimed at young families."	1
"What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel efficient and aimed at young families."	What this allows us to do is to make a crossover that is much more fuel efficient and aimed at young families."	1
The teen was in surgery at Sacred Heart Medical Center, and the extent of his injuries was not available, Bragdon said.	The teen was in surgery at Sacred Heart Medical Center, and the extent of his injuries was not known, Bragdon said.	1
The teen was in surgery at Sacred Heart Medical Center, and the extent of his injuries was not available, Bragdon said.	While the teen was in surgery at Sacred Heart Medical Center, Bragdon said the extent of his injuries was not known.	1
The teen was in surgery at Sacred Heart Medical Center, and the extent of his injuries was not available, Bragdon said.	The teenager was in surgery at Sacred Heart Medical Center, and the extent of his injuries was not known, Bragdon said.	1
The teen was in surgery at Sacred Heart Medical Center, and the extent of his injuries was not available, Bragdon said.	The extent of his injuries was not known, Bragdon said. The teen was in surgery at Sacred Heart Medical Center, and the extent of his injuries was not available, Bragdon said.	1
"This decision is clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.	This decision is clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.	1
"This decision is clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.	"This decision is clearly incorrect," said FTC Chairman Timothy Muris in a written statement.	1
"This decision is clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.	"This decision is clearly wrong," FTC chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.	1
"This decision is clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.	"This decision is clearly wrong," FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.	1
"This decision is clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.	FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement that the decision was "clearly wrong."	1
"This decision is clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.	FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement. "This decision is clearly incorrect.	1
"This decision is clearly incorrect," FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said in a written statement.	FTC Chairman Timothy Muris said the decision was "clearly incorrect" in a written statement.	1
The conservancy helped in the purchase of the land from the Estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $22 million.	The conservancy helped in the purchase of land from the Estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $22 million.	1
The conservancy helped in the purchase of the land from the Estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $22 million.	The conservancy helped in the purchase of the property from the Estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $22 million.	1
The conservancy helped in the purchase of the land from the Estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $22 million.	The Conservancy helped in the acquisition of the land from the Estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $22 million.	1
The conservancy helped in the purchase of the land from the Estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $22 million.	The conservancy helped in the acquisition of the land from the Estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $22 million.	1
The conservancy helped in the purchase of the land from the Estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $22 million.	In addition, the conservancy helped in the purchase of the land from the Estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $22 million.	1
The conservancy helped in the purchase of the land from the Estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $22 million.	This conservancy helped in the purchase of the land from the Estate of Samuel Mills Damon for $22 million.	1
Sir Paul already has three children fashion designer Stella, 31, Mary, 33, and James, 25 by his wife Linda, who died from breast cancer in 1998.	Sir Paul has three children fashion designer Stella, 31, Mary, 33, and James, 25, by his wife Linda who died from breast cancer in 1998.	1
Sir Paul already has three children fashion designer Stella, 31, Mary, 33, and James, 25 by his wife Linda, who died from breast cancer in 1998.	Sir Paul already has three children fashion designer Stella, 31, Mary, 33, and James, 25 by his wife Linda who died from breast cancer in 1998.	1
Sir Paul already has three children fashion designer Stella, 31, Mary, 33, and James, 25 by his wife Linda, who died from breast cancer in 1998.	Sir Paul has three children fashion designer Stella, 31, Mary, 33, and James, 25 by his wife Linda, who died from breast cancer in 1998.	1
Sir Paul already has three children fashion designer Stella, 31, Mary, 33, and James, 25 by his wife Linda, who died from breast cancer in 1998.	Sir Paul already has three children fashion designer Stella, 31, Mary, 33, and James, 25, by his wife Linda, who died from breast cancer in 1998.	1
Sir Paul already has three children fashion designer Stella, 31, Mary, 33, and James, 25 by his wife Linda, who died from breast cancer in 1998.	Sir Paul has already had three children fashion designer Stella, 31, Mary, 33, and James, 25 by his wife Linda, who died from breast cancer in 1998.	1
In recent years, Mr. Hampton continued to run into trouble, facing charges of fare-beating and credit-card theft.	In recent years, Mr. Hampton continued to run into trouble, facing charges of fare-beating and credit card theft.	1
SCO has also alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.	SCO claims that the generic Linux kernel based Linux implementation contains code which is from its Unix property.	1
SCO has also alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.	SCO also alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.	1
SCO has also alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.	SCO alleges that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.	1
SCO has also alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.	Where SCO is concerned, it has also alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.	1
SCO has also alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.	SCO has alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.	1
SCO has also alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.	SCO also claimed that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.	1
SCO has also alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.	SCO alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.	1
SCO has also alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.	SCO also claims that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.	1
General Jeffery announced he would give his substantial military pension accumulated over 40 years to charity during his stay at Government House.	Gen Jeffery announced he would donate his significant military pension accumulated over 40 years to charity during his stay at Government House.	1
General Jeffery announced he would give his substantial military pension accumulated over 40 years to charity during his stay at Government House.	General Jeffery said he would give his substantial military pension accumulated over 40 years to charity during his stay at Government House.	1
General Jeffery announced he would give his substantial military pension accumulated over 40 years to charity during his stay at Government House.	General Jeffery announced that he would give his substantial military pension accumulated over 40 years to charity during his stay at Government House.	1
General Jeffery announced he would give his substantial military pension accumulated over 40 years to charity during his stay at Government House.	General Jeffery announced he would donate his substantial military pension accumulated over 40 years to charity during his stay at Government House.	1
General Jeffery announced he would give his substantial military pension accumulated over 40 years to charity during his stay at Government House.	General Jeffery has announced he would give his substantial military pension accumulated over 40 years to charity during his stay at Government House.	1
The rest said they belonged to another party or had no affiliation.	The rest of the people said that they were from another party or had no affiliation.	1
The rest said they belonged to another party or had no affiliation.	The rest said they belong to another party or had no affiliation.	1
The rest said they belonged to another party or had no affiliation.	All the others said they belonged to another party or had no affiliation.	1
The rest said they belonged to another party or had no affiliation.	All the rest said they belonged to another party or had no affiliation.	1
Blair himself took the reins of the Labour Party after its leader John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994.	Blair himself took the reins of Labour after its leader John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994.	1
In 2002, for example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due largely to terrorism fears driven by headlines.	In 2002, for example, the Dow declined more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due largely to terrorism fears driven by headlines.	1
In 2002, for example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due largely to terrorism fears driven by headlines.	In 2002, for example, the Dow fell more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due largely to terrorism fears driven by headlines.	1
In 2002, for example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due largely to terrorism fears driven by headlines.	In 2002, for example, the Dow fell more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due mainly to terrorism fears driven by headlines.	1
In 2002, for example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due largely to terrorism fears driven by headlines.	In 2002, for example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due largely to terrorist fears driven by headlines.	1
In 2002, for example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due largely to terrorism fears driven by headlines.	In 2002, for example, Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due largely to terrorism fears driven by headlines.	1
In 2002, for example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due largely to terrorism fears driven by headlines.	In 2002, for example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due largely to terror fears driven by headlines.	1
In 2002, for example, the Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due largely to terrorism fears driven by headlines.	In 2002, for example, Dow dropped more than 1,500 points, or 15.6 percent, between May and October, due largely to terror fears driven by headlines.	1
The House and Senate are expected to vote on the omnibus bill in the next two months.	Senate and House are expected to vote on the omnibus bill in the next two months.	1
The House and Senate are expected to vote on the omnibus bill in the next two months.	The Senate and the House are expected to vote on the omnibus bill in the next two months.	1
The House and Senate are expected to vote on the omnibus bill in the next two months.	Senate and House will vote on Omnibus bill in the next two months.	1
She said six were from Douglas County, the southwestern Oregon county that includes Roseburg, and two were from the Portland area.	She said six were from Douglas County, the southwestern Oregon county that includes Roseburg, and two were from Portland.	1
She said six were from Douglas County, the southwestern Oregon county that includes Roseburg, and two were from the Portland area.	Six were from Douglas County, the southwestern Oregon county that includes Roseburg, and two were from the Portland area, she said.	1
She said six were from Douglas County, the southwestern Oregon county that includes Roseburg, and two were from the Portland area.	Her remarks included six people from Douglas County, the southwestern Oregon county that includes Roseburg, and two were from Portland.	1
Prosecutors allege that Nichols and co-conspirator Timothy McVeigh worked together to prepare a bomb that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building.	Prosecutors allege that Nichols and co-conspirator Timothy McVeigh conspired to stage a bomb that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building.	1
A rival distributor, Mike Selwyn from United International Pictures, says that unlike The Matrix Revolutions, he cannot detect any advance scepticism, even within the business.	A rival distributor, Mike Selwyn, from United International Pictures, says that unlike The Matrix Revolutions, he cannot detect any advance scepticism, even within the business.	1
A rival distributor, Mike Selwyn from United International Pictures, says that unlike The Matrix Revolutions, he cannot detect any advance scepticism, even within the business.	Another rival distributor, Mike Selwyn from United International Pictures, says that unlike The Matrix Revolutions, he cannot detect any advance scepticism, even within the business.	1
A rival distributor, Mike Selwyn from United International Pictures, says that unlike The Matrix Revolutions, he cannot detect any advance scepticism, even within the business.	One rival distributor, Mike Selwyn from United International Pictures, says that unlike The Matrix Revolutions, he cannot detect any advance scepticism, even within the business.	1
"The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses," Ashcroft said.	The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses, Ashcroft said.	1
"The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses," Ashcroft said.	"The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses," Ashcroft said. "The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses."	1
"The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses," Ashcroft said.	"The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses", Ashcroft said.	1
"The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses," Ashcroft said.	“The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses," Ashcroft said.	1
"Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this."	"Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this"	1
"Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this."	"Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this. "	1
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.	Revenue jumped to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.	1
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.	Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million in a year earlier.	1
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.	Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million in a year.	1
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.	Revenue increased to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.	1
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.	Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million in the same period last year.	1
Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million a year earlier.	Revenue rose to $616.5 million from $610.6 million in the year before.	1
The winner of the Williams-Mauresmo match will play the winner of Justine Henin-Hardenne vs. Chanda Rubin.	The winner of Williams-Mauresmo match will play the winner of Justine Henin-Hardenne vs. Chanda Rubin.	1
"By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war," the Connecticut Democrat told a Capitol Hill news conference.	'By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war,' the Connecticut Democrat told a Capitol Hill news conference.	1
The House passed a similar measure by a wide margin on Sept. 9.	The House passed a similar measure on Sept. 9, by a wide margin.	1
The House passed a similar measure by a wide margin on Sept. 9.	On Sept. 9, the House passed a similar bill by a wide margin.	1
The House passed a similar measure by a wide margin on Sept. 9.	The House passed a similar measure on Sept. 9, and it passed by a wide margin.	1
The House passed a similar measure by a wide margin on Sept. 9.	The House passed a similar measure on Sept. 9 by a wide margin.	1
The House passed a similar measure by a wide margin on Sept. 9.	The House passed a similar measure on Sept. 9. The House passed a similar measure by a wide margin on Sept. 9.	1
The House passed a similar measure by a wide margin on Sept. 9.	On Sept. 9, the House passed a similar measure by a wide margin.	1
The House passed a similar measure by a wide margin on Sept. 9.	The House passed a similar measure on Sept. 9. It was passed by a wide margin.	1
The House passed a similar measure by a wide margin on Sept. 9.	House passed a similar measure on Sept. 9, and it passed by a wide margin.	1
Reuters reported Braun ended June with $22,126 in the bank, according to her FEC report, and the Rev. Al Sharpton reported $12,061 in the bank.	Reuters reported Braun ended June with $22,126 in the bank, according to her FEC report, while the Rev. Al Sharpton reported $12,061 in the bank.	1
Reuters reported Braun ended June with $22,126 in the bank, according to her FEC report, and the Rev. Al Sharpton reported $12,061 in the bank.	Reuters reports Braun ended June with $22,126 in the bank, according to her FEC report, and the Rev. Al Sharpton reported $12,061 in the bank.	1
After learning she would no longer get an experimental drug that treated her severe peanut allergy, Allison Smith reacted with panic.	After learning that she would no longer get an experimental drug that treated her severe peanut allergy, Allison Smith reacted with panic.	1
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesperson, declined to comment late Thursday.	1
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	Spitzer spokeswoman Darren Dopp declined to comment late Thursday.	1
Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons - we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser," he told an industry audience in London yesterday.	Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons - we had about 18 different things we had in mind for the browser" he told an industry audience in London yesterday.	1
Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons - we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser," he told an industry audience in London yesterday.	"Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons - we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser," he told an industry audience in London yesterday.	1
Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons - we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser," he told an industry audience in London yesterday.	Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons, we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser," he told an industry audience in London yesterday.	1
Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons - we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser," he told an industry audience in London yesterday.	With back and forth buttons and bookmarks - we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser," he told an industry audience in London yesterday.	1
Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons - we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser," he told an industry audience in London yesterday.	“Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons - we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser," he told an industry audience in London yesterday.	1
Terri Schiavo, 39, is expected to die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.	Terri Schiavo, 39, will die sometime in the next two weeks in the Tampa-area hospice where she has spent the past several years.	1
Against the dollar, the euro rose as high as $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in morning trade before standing at $1.1518/23 at 0215 GMT.	As against the dollar, the euro rose as high as $1.1535, a fresh four-year high, in morning trade before standing at $1.1518/23 at 0215 GMT.	1
Those involved were allegedly told to never speak of the incident again, according to the letter.	Those involved were allegedly told to never speak about the incident again, according to the letter.	1
Those involved were allegedly told to never speak of the incident again, according to the letter.	In a letter, the alleged victims have been told not to talk about the incident again.	1
Shares of Berkeley, California-based Xoma dropped $1.49 or 27 percent, to $4 in Instinet trading.	Shares of Xoma (Berkeley, California) dropped 1.49 or 27 percent, to $4 in Instinet trading.	1
Shares of Berkeley, California-based Xoma dropped $1.49 or 27 percent, to $4 in Instinet trading.	Shares of Berkeley, California-based Xoma fell $1.49 or 27 percent, to $4 in Instinet trading.	1
At best, Davydenko's supporters were naively ignorant of tennis etiquette; at worst, they cheated - yet went without penality from umpire Lars Graf.	At best, Davydenko's supporters were naively ignorant of tennis etiquette; at worst, they cheated - yet went without penalty from umpire Lars Graf.	1
At best, Davydenko's supporters were naively ignorant of tennis etiquette; at worst, they cheated - yet went without penality from umpire Lars Graf.	At best, Davydenko supporters were naively ignorant of tennis etiquette; at worst, they cheated - yet went without penalty from umpire Lars Graf.	1
At best, Davydenko's supporters were naively ignorant of tennis etiquette; at worst, they cheated - yet went without penality from umpire Lars Graf.	At best, Davydenko supporters were naively ignorant of tennis etiquette; at worst, they cheated - yet went without penality from umpire Lars Graf.	1
The Pentagon says it's a technique that's been successful in predicting elections, even box-office receipts.	The Pentagon says it's a technique that's been successful in predicting voters, even box-office receipts.	1
The Pentagon says it's a technique that's been successful in predicting elections, even box-office receipts.	The Pentagon says it's a technique that has been successful in predicting elections, even box-office receipts.	1
The Pentagon says it's a technique that's been successful in predicting elections, even box-office receipts.	Pentagon says it's a technique that's been successful in predicting elections, even box office receipts.	1
The Pentagon says it's a technique that's been successful in predicting elections, even box-office receipts.	The Pentagon says it's a technique that's been successful in predicting elections, even box office receipts.	1
The Pentagon says it's a technique that's been successful in predicting elections, even box-office receipts.	Pentagon: It's a technique that's been successful in predicting elections, even box-office receipts.	1
The Pentagon says it's a technique that's been successful in predicting elections, even box-office receipts.	The Pentagon says it's a technique that's been successful in predicting election, even box office receipts.	1
The Pentagon says it's a technique that's been successful in predicting elections, even box-office receipts.	Pentagon says it's a technique that's been successful in predicting elections, even box-office receipts.	1
Treatment guidelines, many written by medical-specialty organizations, recommend approaches to many ailments, such as painkillers and exercise for arthritis.	Medicinal programs, many written by medical-specialty organizations, recommend approaches to many ailments, such as painkillers and exercise for arthritis.	1
After three months, Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared with 5.8 pounds in the conventional group.	After three months, Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared to 5.8 pounds in the conventional group.	1
After three months, Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared with 5.8 pounds in the conventional group.	After three months, atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared to 5.8 pounds in the conventional group.	1
After three months, Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared with 5.8 pounds in the conventional group.	After 3 months, Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared with 5.8 pounds in the conventional group.	1
"It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge," Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters.	It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge," Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters.	1
"It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge," Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters.	"It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge," Parsons told reporters at NASA's headquarters.	1
"It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge," Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters.	I know that it's not the easiest time to take over the Shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge," Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters.	1
"It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge," Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters.	It's probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge," Parsons told reporters at NASA headquarters.	1
None of Deans opponents picked him as someone to party with, nor was Dean asked that question.	No one of Dean’s opponents picked him as someone to party with, nor was Dean asked that question.	1
None of Deans opponents picked him as someone to party with, nor was Dean asked that question.	No Deans opponents picked him as a guy to party with, nor was Dean asked that question.	1
"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."	"Today we are trying to convey this problem to Vladimir Putin and US President George W. Bush."	1
"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."	"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W. Bush."	1
The Mariners torched Randy Choate and Juan Acevedo in the eighth for four runs and a 12-5 bulge.	In the eighth, the Mariners torched Randy Choate and Juan Acevedo for four runs and a 12-5 bulge.	1
The Mariners torched Randy Choate and Juan Acevedo in the eighth for four runs and a 12-5 bulge.	In the eighth inning, the Mariners torched Randy Choate and Juan Acevedo for four runs and a 12-5 bulge.	1
In a statement, the Redmond, Wash., company said that it was acquiring the "intellectual property and technology assets" of GeCAD.	In a statement, the Redmond, Wash., company said it was acquiring "intellectual property and technology assets" of GeCAD.	1
In a statement, the Redmond, Wash., company said that it was acquiring the "intellectual property and technology assets" of GeCAD.	Redmond, Wash., company said in a statement that it was acquiring the "intellectual property and technology assets" of GeCAD.	1
In a statement, the Redmond, Wash., company said that it was acquiring the "intellectual property and technology assets" of GeCAD.	In a statement, the Redmond, Wash., company said it was acquiring the "intellectual property and technology assets" of GeCAD.	1
In a statement, the Redmond, Wash., company said that it was acquiring the "intellectual property and technology assets" of GeCAD.	The Redmond, Wash., company said it was acquiring the "intellectual property and technology assets" of GeCAD.	1
That would be a potential setback to Chief Executive Phil Condit's strategy of bolstering defense-related sales during a slump in jetliner deliveries.	What would be a potential setback to Chief Executive Phil Condit's strategy of bolstering defense-related sales during a slump in jetliner deliveries.	1
The horrific nature of the attacks is often fueled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region.	The horrific nature of the attacks is often fueled by a mix of tribal hatred and a desire to spread terror in the region.	1
The horrific nature of the attacks is often fueled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region.	Often, the horrific nature of the attacks is fueled by a mix of tribal hatred and a desire to spread terror in the region.	1
The horrific nature of the attacks is often fueled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region.	The horrific nature of attacks is often fueled by a mix of tribal hatred and a desire to spread terror in the region.	1
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.	Irish Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.	1
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.	The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed Mr O Muireagáin's release.	1
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.	Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.	1
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.	The Irish Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed Mr O Muireagáin's release.	1
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.	The Irish Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.	1
In that same time, the S&P and the Nasdaq have gained about 3.5 percent.	In that same time, the S&P and Nasdaq have gained about 3.5 percent.	1
In that same time, the S&P and the Nasdaq have gained about 3.5 percent.	In the same time, the S&P and the Nasdaq have gained about 3.5 percent.	1
In that same time, the S&P and the Nasdaq have gained about 3.5 percent.	In the same time, the S&P and Nasdaq have gained about 3.5 percent.	1
In that same time, the S&P and the Nasdaq have gained about 3.5 percent.	In the same time, S&P and Nasdaq have gained almost 3.5 percent.	1
On Monday, U.S. Army Pfc. Jessica Lynch was awarded the Bronze Star, Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center.	Honors: On Monday, U.S. Army Pfc. Jessica Lynch was awarded the Bronze Star, Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center.	1
On Monday, U.S. Army Pfc. Jessica Lynch was awarded the Bronze Star, Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center.	U.S. Army Pfc. Jessica Lynch was awarded the Bronze Star, Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals on Monday at Walter Reed Army Medical Center.	1
On Monday, U.S. Army Pfc. Jessica Lynch was awarded the Bronze Star, Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center.	The U.S. Army Pfc. Jessica Lynch was awarded the Bronze Star, Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center on Monday.	1
He urged member states that contribute police and soldiers to U.N. peacekeeping operations to provide more women.	He urged member states that contribute policing and soldiers to U.N. peacekeeping operations to provide more women.	1
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.	And additional changes to the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.	1
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.	And others changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.	1
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.	Other changes to the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.	1
PeopleSoft also said its board had officially rejected Oracle's offer.	PeopleSoft said its board had officially rejected Oracle's offer.	1
PeopleSoft also said its board had officially rejected Oracle's offer.	PeopleSoft also said its board officially rejected Oracle's offer.	1
PeopleSoft also said its board had officially rejected Oracle's offer.	PeopleSoft has officially rejected Oracle's offer. It also said that its board has rejected Oracle's offer.	1
PeopleSoft also said its board had officially rejected Oracle's offer.	PeopleSoft also announced its board had officially rejected Oracle's offer.	1
PeopleSoft also said its board had officially rejected Oracle's offer.	PeopleSoft also announced that its board had officially rejected Oracle's offer.	1
The new contract extends the guarantee that his annual pay and bonus will be at least $2.4 million a year.	The new contract extends the guarantee that his pay and bonus will be at least $2.4 million a year.	1
The new contract extends the guarantee that his annual pay and bonus will be at least $2.4 million a year.	Moreover, the new contract extends the guarantee that his annual pay and bonus will be at least $2.4 million a year.	1
The new contract extends the guarantee that his annual pay and bonus will be at least $2.4 million a year.	From an annual salary standpoint, the new contract extends the guarantee that his pay and bonus will be at least $2.4 million a year.	1
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.	An insurgent who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.	1
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.	The rebel said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack. The rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.	1
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.	One rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.	1
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.	The rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.	1
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.	According to a rebel who was captured, more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.	1
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.	It is illegal in Kansas for children under the age of 16 to have sex.	1
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.	Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under 16 to have sexual relations.	1
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.	Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sex.	1
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.	Under Kansas law, it is illegal for kids under 16 to have sex.	1
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.	Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under 16 to have sex.	1
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.	Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under 16 to have sexual relationships.	1
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.	Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations with one another.	1
Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relations.	Under Kansas law, it is illegal for children under the age of 16 to have sexual relationships.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.	Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 on Wednesday.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.	The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 on Wednesday.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.	Dow Jones Industrial Average — ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 on Wednesday.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.	Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.	Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 on Wednesday.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 on Wednesday.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.	Dow Jones industrial average ended the day down 10.89 at 9,837.94, after advancing 111.04 Wednesday.	1
Aside from meeting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao on the sidelines of the Forum, Mr Goh also met Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf and Tajikistan President Emomali Sharipovich Rakhmonov.	Besides meeting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao on the sidelines of the Forum, Mr Goh also met Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf and Tajikistan President Emomali Sharipovich Rakhmonov.	1
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.	Cortisol in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose more steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.	1
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.	The cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.	1
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.	In the saliva of day care children, cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center staff to be the shyest.	1
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.	Cortisol levels in saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.	1
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.	Cortisol levels in day care child saliva were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.	1
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.	For those with shyness, cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.	1
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.	The levels of cortisol in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.	1
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.	In the saliva of day care children, cortisol levels were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.	1
Fires in Spain's Extremadura region, which borders Portugal, have forced hundreds of people to evacuate their homes.	The fires in Spain's Extremadura region, bordering Portugal, have forced hundreds of people to evacuate their homes.	1
Fires in Spain's Extremadura region, which borders Portugal, have forced hundreds of people to evacuate their homes.	Fires have forced hundreds of people to evacuate their homes in Spain's Extremadura region, which borders Portugal.	1
Fires in Spain's Extremadura region, which borders Portugal, have forced hundreds of people to evacuate their homes.	In Spain's Extremadura region, which borders Portugal, blazes have forced hundreds of people to evacuate their homes.	1
On a planet that takes nearly 165 years to orbit the sun, spring can last more than 40 years.	On a planet that takes almost 165 years to orbit the sun, spring can last more than 40 years.	1
On a planet that takes nearly 165 years to orbit the sun, spring can last more than 40 years.	On a planet that takes nearly 165 years to orbit the sun, spring can last over 40 years.	1
On a planet that takes nearly 165 years to orbit the sun, spring can last more than 40 years.	If a planet takes 165 years to orbit the sun, spring can last more than 40 years.	1
SSE CEO Marchant said he would sell on Midlands' power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow British utility International Power Plc IPR.L for 21 million pounds.	SSE CEO Marchant said he would sell on Midlands' power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow British utility IPR.L for 21 million pounds.	1
SSE CEO Marchant said he would sell on Midlands' power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow British utility International Power Plc IPR.L for 21 million pounds.	SSE chief executive Marchant said he would sell on Midlands' power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow British utility IPR.L. for 21 million pounds.	1
SSE CEO Marchant said he would sell on Midlands' power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow British utility International Power Plc IPR.L for 21 million pounds.	SSE CEO Marchant said he would sell Midlands' power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow British utility International Power Plc IPR.L for 21 million pounds.	1
SSE CEO Marchant said he would sell on Midlands' power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow British utility International Power Plc IPR.L for 21 million pounds.	SSE CEO Marchant said he would sell Midlands' power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow British utility IPR.L for 21 million pounds.	1
SSE CEO Marchant said he would sell on Midlands' power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow British utility International Power Plc IPR.L for 21 million pounds.	SSE's CEO Marchant said he would sell on Midlands' power generation assets in Turkey and Pakistan to fellow British utility International Power Plc IPR.L for 21 million pounds.	1
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.	"Biotechnology products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.	1
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.	If biotech products are safe than conventional products, "they may be safer because of all the testing," Fraley said, adding 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.	1
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.	"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said, adding that 18 countries adopted biotechnology.	1
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.	"Biotech products may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.	1
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.	Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.	1
Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university was prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing extra work.	Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university is prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing extra work.	1
Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university was prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing extra work.	Yale says it would keep the campus open with temporary workers and managers doing extra work. Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university was prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing extra work.	1
Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university was prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing extra work.	Yale's Tom Conroy said it was prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing extra work.	1
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.	These passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.	1
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.	In 2001, they passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership to Syndia.	1
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.	Those passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.	1
Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.	Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent in 2018.	1
Shares of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.	Stocks of USA Interactive rose $2.28, or 7 percent, to $34.96 on Friday in Nasdaq Stock Market composite trading and have gained 53 percent this year.	1
We believe them to be without merit, and will defend ourselves vigorously.	We believe these to be without merit and we will defend ourselves vigorously.	1
We believe them to be without merit, and will defend ourselves vigorously.	We believe they are without merit, and will defend ourselves vigorously.	1
We believe them to be without merit, and will defend ourselves vigorously.	We believe that they are without merit, and will defend ourselves vigorously.	1
We believe them to be without merit, and will defend ourselves vigorously.	We believe the truth that they are without merit. We will defend ourselves vigorously.	1
We believe them to be without merit, and will defend ourselves vigorously.	If we believe that they are without merit, we will defend ourselves vigorously.	1
We believe them to be without merit, and will defend ourselves vigorously.	We believe that certain acts have no merit and will defend ourselves vigorously.	1
The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller company stocks, was up 1.02, or 0.21 percent, at 496.83.	Russell 2000 index, which tracks small companies stocks, was up 1.02, or 0.21 percent, at 496.83.	1
The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller company stocks, was up 1.02, or 0.21 percent, at 496.83.	Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller companies stocks, was up 1.02, or 0.21 percent, at 496.83.	1
The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller company stocks, was up 1.02, or 0.21 percent, at 496.83.	Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller company stocks, was up 1.02, or 0.21 percent, at 496.83.	1
The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns, a decided advantage for millionaires like Mr. Schwarzenegger and Mr. Ueberroth, both Republican candidates.	How much the Law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns, a decided advantage for millionaires like Mr. Schwarzenegger and Mr. Ueberroth, both Republican candidates.	1
The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns, a decided advantage for millionaires like Mr. Schwarzenegger and Mr. Ueberroth, both Republican candidates.	The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns, a decided advantage for millionaires like Mr. Schwarzenegger and Mr. Ueberroth, both Republicans candidates.	1
The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns, a decided advantage for millionaires like Mr. Schwarzenegger and Mr. Ueberroth, both Republican candidates.	The law does not regulate how much individual can contribute to their own campaigns, a decided advantage for millionaires like Mr. Schwarzenegger and Mr. Ueberroth, both Republican candidates.	1
Dixon put his style on display Sunday afternoon in winning the Honda Indy 225 at Pikes Peak International Raceway.	Dixon put his style on display Sunday afternoon winning the Honda Indy 225 at Pikes Peak International Raceway.	1
Dixon put his style on display Sunday afternoon in winning the Honda Indy 225 at Pikes Peak International Raceway.	Adrian Dixon put his style on display Sunday afternoon in winning the Honda Indy 225 at Pikes Peak International Raceway.	1
Dixon put his style on display Sunday afternoon in winning the Honda Indy 225 at Pikes Peak International Raceway.	Adrian Dixon put his style on display Sunday afternoon winning the Honda Indy 225 at Pikes Peak International Raceway.	1
In a statement later, he said it appeared his side may have fallen a bit short.	In a statement later said it appeared his side may have fallen a bit short.	1
In a statement later, he said it appeared his side may have fallen a bit short.	In a statement later on, he said it appeared his side may have fallen a bit short.	1
In a statement later, he said it appeared his side may have fallen a bit short.	In a statement later, he said his side may have fallen a bit short.	1
In a statement later, he said it appeared his side may have fallen a bit short.	In a statement later, he said it appeared his side may have fallen short of a bit.	1
Among the most recent additions to the list, which to date includes more than 360 groups and individuals, is Zelimkhan Yandarbiev, the former president of Chechnya.	Among the most recent additions to the list, which to date includes over 360 groups and individuals, is Zelimkhan Yandarbiev, the former president of Chechnya.	1
As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.	As of Tuesday, nearly 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.	1
As of Tuesday, almost 250 health-care workers were in quarantine.	As of Tuesday, almost 250 health care workers were in quarantine.	1
About 1,000 people attended the ceremony, kicking off two days of observances tied to the March on Washington.	During the March on Washington, about 1,000 people attended the ceremony, kicking off two days of observances tied to the March on Washington.	1
About 1,000 people attended the ceremony, kicking off two days of observances tied to the March on Washington.	At least 1,000 people attended the ceremony, which kicked off two days of observances tied to the March on Washington.	1
About 1,000 people attended the ceremony, kicking off two days of observances tied to the March on Washington.	As many as 1,000 people attended the ceremony, kicking off two days of observances tied to the March on Washington.	1
About 1,000 people attended the ceremony, kicking off two days of observances tied to the March on Washington.	Approximately 1,000 people attended the ceremony, kicking off two days of observances tied to the March on Washington.	1
About 1,000 people attended the ceremony, kicking off two days of observances tied to the March on Washington.	The ceremony, kicking off two days of observances tied to the March on Washington, was attended by about 1,000 people.	1
Second quarter sales came in at $645 million, up from $600 million the year before, AMD said.	AMD said second quarter sales came in at $645 million, up from $600 million the year before.	1
The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury, Aaron said.	Aaron said other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury.	1
The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury, Aaron said.	A couple of other people escaped from the building without injury - including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - Aaron said. The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury, Aaron said.	1
The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury, Aaron said.	Aaron said the other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury.	1
The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury, Aaron said.	The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees - including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury, Aaron said.	1
The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury, Aaron said.	Other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury, Aaron said.	1
The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury, Aaron said.	What happened to the other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury, Aaron said.	1
Southwest exercised nine 2004 options and six 2005 options, which were accelerated for delivery next year.	Southwest exercised nine 2004 and six 2005 options, which were accelerated for delivery next year.	1
Southwest exercised nine 2004 options and six 2005 options, which were accelerated for delivery next year.	Southwest exercised 9 2004 options and 6 2005 options, which were accelerated for delivery next year.	1
Southwest exercised nine 2004 options and six 2005 options, which were accelerated for delivery next year.	Southwest exercised nine 2004 and six 2005 options. These were accelerated for delivery next year.	1
Southwest exercised nine 2004 options and six 2005 options, which were accelerated for delivery next year.	Southwest exercised 9 2004 and 6 2005 options, which were accelerated for delivery next year.	1
Southwest exercised nine 2004 options and six 2005 options, which were accelerated for delivery next year.	Southwest exercised nine 2004 and six 2005 options. They are accelerated for delivery next year.	1
Professor Hermon-Taylor adds, An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering with Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) were also infected with the MAP bug.	Professor Hermon-Taylor adds, An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering from Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) were also infected with the MAP bug.	1
Professor Hermon-Taylor adds, An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering with Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) were also infected with the MAP bug.	Professor Hermon-Taylor adds, An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering with Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) were also infected with MAP bug.	1
Professor Hermon-Taylor adds, An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering with Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) were also infected with the MAP bug.	Professor Hermon-Taylor adds that An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering with Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) were also infected with the MAP bug.	1
Professor Hermon-Taylor adds, An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering with Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) were also infected with the MAP bug.	An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering with Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) were also infected with the MAP bug. Professor Hermon-Taylor adds, An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering with Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) were also infected with the MAP bug.	1
Professor Hermon-Taylor adds, An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering with Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) were also infected with the MAP bug.	Professor Hermon-Taylor adds, "An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering with Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) were also infected with the MAP bug".	1
Professor Hermon-Taylor adds, An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering with Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) were also infected with the MAP bug.	Professor Hermon-Taylor adds, " An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering with Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) were also infected with the MAP bug."	1
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.	According to preliminary reports, the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.	1
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.	Preliminary reports said the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.	1
Details of the research appear in the Nov. 5 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.	The detailed research is published in the Nov. 5 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.	1
Details of the research appear in the Nov. 5 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.	The details of the research appear in the Nov. 5 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.	1
Details of the research appear in the Nov. 5 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.	More details about the research are in the Nov. 5 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.	1
Details of the research appear in the Nov. 5 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.	The detailed study appears in the Nov. 5 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.	1
Six countries have advised their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason, the ministry said.	Taiwan: Six countries have advised their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason, the ministry said.	1
Six countries have advised their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason, the ministry said.	Six countries have advised their citizens not to visit Taiwan for any reason, the Ministry said.	1
Six countries have advised their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason, the ministry said.	Six countries have told their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason, the ministry said.	1
Six countries have advised their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason, the ministry said.	Six countries have warned their citizens not to travel to Taiwan for any reason, the ministry said.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.	1
Volodymyr Gorbanovsky, deputy general director of the plane's owners, Mediterranean Airlines, said it appeared to have veered from its flight path because of the fog.	Volodymyr Gorbanovsky, deputy general director of the plane's owners, Mediterranean Airlines, said the plane appeared to have veered from its flight path because of the fog.	1
Volodymyr Gorbanovsky, deputy general director of the plane's owners, Mediterranean Airlines, said it appeared to have veered from its flight path because of the fog.	Volodymyr Gorbanovsky, deputy general director of the plane's owners, Mediterranean Airlines, said it appears to have veered from its flight path because of the fog.	1
Volodymyr Gorbanovsky, deputy general director of the plane's owners, Mediterranean Airlines, said it appeared to have veered from its flight path because of the fog.	Volodymyr Gorbanovsky, deputy general director of the plane's owner, Mediterranean Airlines, said it appeared to have veered from its flight path due to the fog.	1
Meteorologists predicted the storm would become a Category 1 hurricane before landfall.	Meteorologists predicted the hurricane would become a Category 1 hurricane before it landfall.	1
Meteorologists predicted the storm would become a Category 1 hurricane before landfall.	Meteorologists predicted the hurricane would become a Category 1 before landfall.	1
Meteorologists predicted the storm would become a Category 1 hurricane before landfall.	Forecasters predict that the storm will become a Category 1 hurricane before landfall.	1
Meteorologists predicted the storm would become a Category 1 hurricane before landfall.	Weather Forecasters forecast the storm would become a Category 1 hurricane before landfall.	1
Meteorologists predicted the storm would become a Category 1 hurricane before landfall.	Forecasters predicted the storm would be a Category 1 hurricane before landfall.	1
Meteorologists predicted the storm would become a Category 1 hurricane before landfall.	Meteorologists predict the storm will become a Category 1 hurricane before landfall.	1
Meteorologists predicted the storm would become a Category 1 hurricane before landfall.	Forecasters said the storm would become a Category 1 hurricane before landfall.	1
I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker,'' Sherry Studabaker told BBC television.	I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker,'' Sherry Studabaker told BBC TV.	1
I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker,'' Sherry Studabaker told BBC television.	I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker'','' sherry Studabaker told BBC Television.	1
I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker,'' Sherry Studabaker told BBC television.	I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker,'' sherry Studabaker said on BBC television.	1
I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker,'' Sherry Studabaker told BBC television.	I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker,'' Sherry Studabaker said on BBC television.	1
I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker,'' Sherry Studabaker told BBC television.	I called the number and the lady told me she was talking on the phone to Toby Studabaker'','' Sherry Studabaker told BBC television.	1
Sweeney said he would formally announce the formation of the new union on Wednesday in Detroit.	Sweeney is preparing to announce the creation of a new union on Wednesday in Detroit.	1
Sweeney said he would formally announce the formation of the new union on Wednesday in Detroit.	Sweeney said on Wednesday he would formally announce the formation of the new union on Wednesday in Detroit.	1
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.	The rate of skin cancer has tripled in Norway and Sweden since the 1950s, according to the study.	1
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.	The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to a study.	1
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.	Skin cancer rate has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.	1
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.	In Norway and Sweden, the rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s, according to the study.	1
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.	The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Sweden and Norway, according to the study.	1
The rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.	According to the study, the rate of skin cancer has tripled since the 1950s in Norway and Sweden, according to the study.	1
Shares in Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 290-1/2p while Morrison shares rose 1-3/4p to 222-3/4p in early morning trade.	Shares in Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 290-1/2p, while Morrison shares rose 1-3/4p to 222-3/4p in early morning trade.	1
Shares in Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 290-1/2p while Morrison shares rose 1-3/4p to 222-3/4p in early morning trade.	Shares of Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 290-1/2p while shares of Morrison rose 1-3/4p to 222-3/4p in early morning trade.	1
Shares in Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 290-1/2p while Morrison shares rose 1-3/4p to 222-3/4p in early morning trade.	Shares in Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 290-1/2p while shares in Morrison rose 1-3/4p to 222-3/4p in early morning trading.	1
Shares in Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 290-1/2p while Morrison shares rose 1-3/4p to 222-3/4p in early morning trade.	Shares in Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 290-1/2p while Morrison shares rose 1-3/4p to 222-3/4p in early morning trading.	1
Shares in Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 290-1/2p while Morrison shares rose 1-3/4p to 222-3/4p in early morning trade.	Safeway shares rose 1-1/4p to 290-1/2p while Morrison shares rose 1-3/4p to 222-3/4p in early morning trade.	1
Shares in Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 290-1/2p while Morrison shares rose 1-3/4p to 222-3/4p in early morning trade.	Shares of Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 290-1/2p while Morrison shares rose 1-3/4p to 222-3/4p in early morning trade.	1
Shares in Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 290-1/2p while Morrison shares rose 1-3/4p to 222-3/4p in early morning trade.	Shares in Safeway rose 1-1/4p to 290-1/2p while shares in Morrison rose 1-3/4p to 222-3/4p in early morning trade.	1
Emeryville-based Ask Jeeves agreed to sell a business software division to a Sunnyvale-based rival, Kanisa, for $4.25 million.	The Emeryville-based Ask Jeeves had agreed to sell a business software division to a Sunnyvale-based rival, Kanisa, for $4.25 million.	1
"I picked prostitutes as my victims because I hate most prostitutes and I did not want to pay them for sex."	I took prostitutes as my victims because I hate most prostitutes and I did not want to pay them for sex"	1
"I picked prostitutes as my victims because I hate most prostitutes and I did not want to pay them for sex."	I picked prostitutes as my victims because I hate most prostitutes and I did not want to pay them for sex. "	1
But Mr. Peterson added, "I don't know anybody in the conference committee who's fighting to keep it out completely."	Mr. Peterson told me: "I don't know anybody in the conference committee who's fighting to keep it out completely."	1
But Mr. Peterson added, "I don't know anybody in the conference committee who's fighting to keep it out completely."	Mr. Peterson said, "I don't know anybody in the conference committee who's fighting to keep it out completely".	1
The technology-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index gained 25.75 points, or 1.5 percent, to 1,746.46, its highest close in about 15 months.	The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index gained 25.75 points, or 1.5 percent, to 1,746.46, its highest close in about 15 months.	1
In 1998 Intel invested $500 million in Micron, but later sold the equity it had bought, Mulloy said.	In 1998, Intel invested $500 million in Micron - but later sold the equity it had purchased, Mulloy said.	1
In 1998 Intel invested $500 million in Micron, but later sold the equity it had bought, Mulloy said.	In 1998 Intel invested $500 million in Micron, but later sold the equity it had bought. Mulloy said.	1
In 1998 Intel invested $500 million in Micron, but later sold the equity it had bought, Mulloy said.	In 1998 Intel invested $500 million in Micron but later sold the equity it had bought, Mulloy said.	1
In 1998 Intel invested $500 million in Micron, but later sold the equity it had bought, Mulloy said.	In 1998, Intel invested $500 million in Micron and later sold the equity it had bought, Mulloy said.	1
In 1998 Intel invested $500 million in Micron, but later sold the equity it had bought, Mulloy said.	In 1998, Intel invested $500 million in Micron, but later sold the equity it had bought, Mulloy said.	1
In 1998 Intel invested $500 million in Micron, but later sold the equity it had bought, Mulloy said.	In 1998 Intel invested $500 million in Micron but later sold the equity it had bought. Mulloy said.	1
So far, however, only four companies have licensed the protocols, according to the report to the judge yesterday.	So far only four companies have licensed the protocols, according to the report to the judge yesterday.	1
So far, however, only four companies have licensed the protocols, according to the report to the judge yesterday.	So far only 4 companies have licensed the protocols according to the report to the judge yesterday.	1
So far, however, only four companies have licensed the protocols, according to the report to the judge yesterday.	So far only four companies have license the protocols, according to the report to the judge yesterday.	1
The speaker issued a one-paragraph statement, saying, "I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley.	The speaker issued a one-paragraph statement, saying, "I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley."	1
We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September," Rumsfeld said.	“We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 9/11," Rumsfeld said.	1
We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September," Rumsfeld said.	"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September." Rumsfeld said.	1
We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September," Rumsfeld said.	"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September," Rumsfeld said.	1
We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September," Rumsfeld said.	We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September", Rumsfeld said.	1
We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September," Rumsfeld said.	We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September." Rumsfeld said.	1
We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September," Rumsfeld said.	We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September, ” Rumsfeld said.	1
We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September," Rumsfeld said.	We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September, says Rumsfeld.	1
The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index dipped to 53.7 from 54.7 in August.	The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index fell to 53.7 from 54.7 in August.	1
The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index dipped to 53.7 from 54.7 in August.	The Institute of Supply Management's manufacturing index dipped to 53.7 from 54.7 in August.	1
The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index dipped to 53.7 from 54.7 in August.	In August, the Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index dropped to 53.7 from 54.7 in August.	1
The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index dipped to 53.7 from 54.7 in August.	The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index dropped to 53.7 from 54.7 in August.	1
"It's just too important to keeping crime down," he said of Operation Impact, which began Jan. 3.	"Operation Impact is too important to keep crime down," he said. Operation Impact was launched Jan. 3.	1
"It's just too important to keeping crime down," he said of Operation Impact, which began Jan. 3.	"It's just too important to keep crime down," he said of Operation Impact, which began Jan. 3.	1
"It's just too important to keeping crime down," he said of Operation Impact, which began Jan. 3.	"It's just too important to keeping crime down," he said of Operation Impact, which started Jan. 3. "It's just too important to keep crime down," he said.	1
"It's just too important to keeping crime down," he said of Operation Impact, which began Jan. 3.	"It's just too important to keep crime down," he said of Operation Impact, which began Jan. 3. "It's just too important to keep crime down," he said.	1
"It's just too important to keeping crime down," he said of Operation Impact, which began Jan. 3.	"It's just too important to keep crime down," said he of Operation Impact, which started Jan. 3.	1
"It's just too important to keeping crime down," he said of Operation Impact, which began Jan. 3.	"It's just too important to keep crime down," he said of Operation Impact. The operation began Jan. 3.	1
"It's just too important to keeping crime down," he said of Operation Impact, which began Jan. 3.	"It's just too important to keep crime down," said he about Operation Impact, which began Jan. 3.	1
The couple was granted an annulment in September 2001 and Joanie Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey, court records show.	According to court records, Joanie Harper was granted sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey. The couple was granted an annulment in September 2001.	1
The couple was granted an annulment in September 2001 and Joanie Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey, court records show.	Joanie Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey, court records show. The couple was granted an annulment in September 2001 and a court documents show.	1
The couple was granted an annulment in September 2001 and Joanie Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey, court records show.	Joanie Harper was granted sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey, court records show. The couple was granted an annulment in September 2001 and Joanie Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey.	1
Trans fat makes up only 1 percent to 3 percent of the total fat Americans consume, compared with 14 percent for saturated fat.	Trans fat is about 1 to 3 percent of the amount of fat Americans consume, compared with 14 percent for saturated fat.	1
Trans fat makes up only 1 percent to 3 percent of the total fat Americans consume, compared with 14 percent for saturated fat.	Trans fat makes up only 1 percent to 3 percent of the total fat Americans consume, compared to 14 percent for saturated fat.	1
Trans fat makes up only 1 percent to 3 percent of the total fat Americans consume, compared with 14 percent for saturated fat.	Trans fat is about 1 percent to 3 percent of the total fat Americans consume, compared to 14 percent for saturated fat.	1
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.	Iraq's economy was ravaged by years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April	1
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.	Iraq's economy was ravaged by years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.	1
Nationwide, severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 5,300 people, about two-thirds of world's total, and killed 343 of them.	Nationwide, severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected over 5,300 people, about two-thirds of the world's total, and killed 343 of them.	1
Nationwide, severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 5,300 people, about two-thirds of world's total, and killed 343 of them.	Nationwide, severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 5,300 people, about two-thirds of the world's total, and killed 343 of them.	1
Nationwide, severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 5,300 people, about two-thirds of world's total, and killed 343 of them.	Nationwide, severe acute respiratory syndrome infected more than 5,300 people, about two-thirds of the world's total, and killed 343 of them.	1
Nationwide, severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 5,300 people, about two-thirds of world's total, and killed 343 of them.	Nationally, severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 5,300 people, about two-thirds of world's total, and killed 343 of them.	1
Nationwide, severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 5,300 people, about two-thirds of world's total, and killed 343 of them.	Nationally, severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 5,300 people, about two-thirds of the world's total, and killed 343 of them.	1
Nationwide, severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 5,300 people, about two-thirds of world's total, and killed 343 of them.	Nationally, severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected over 5,300 people, about two-thirds of world's total, and killed 343 of them.	1
Nationwide, severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected more than 5,300 people, about two-thirds of world's total, and killed 343 of them.	Nationwide, severe acute respiratory syndrome has infected over 5,300 people, about two-thirds of world's total, and killed 343 of them.	1
Under the settlement, Solutia will pay $50 million in equal installments over a period of 10 years.	In the settlement, Solutia will pay $50 million in equal installments over a period of 10 years.	1
Under the settlement, Solutia will pay $50 million in equal installments over a period of 10 years.	As per the deal, Solutia will pay 50 million in equal installments over a period of 10 years.	1
Under the settlement, Solutia will pay $50 million in equal installments over a period of 10 years.	According to the settlement, Solutia will pay $50 million in equal installments over a period of 10 years.	1
Under the settlement, Solutia will pay $50 million in equal installments over a period of 10 years.	In terms of the settlement, Solutia will pay $50 million in equal installments over a period of 10 years.	1
Smith found the cigarette tax falls on the tobacco consumer, not the tribe, meaning the tribe is simply an agent for collecting a tax.	Smith found that the cigarette tax falls on the tobacco consumer, not the tribe, meaning the tribe is simply an agent for collecting a tax.	1
Smith found the cigarette tax falls on the tobacco consumer, not the tribe, meaning the tribe is simply an agent for collecting a tax.	Smith found cigarette tax falls on the tobacco consumer, not the tribe, meaning the tribe is just an agent for collecting a tax.	1
Smith found the cigarette tax falls on the tobacco consumer, not the tribe, meaning the tribe is simply an agent for collecting a tax.	Smith argues the cigarettes tax falls on the tobacco consumer, not the tribe, meaning the tribe is simply an agent for collecting a tax.	1
Smith found the cigarette tax falls on the tobacco consumer, not the tribe, meaning the tribe is simply an agent for collecting a tax.	Smith found the cigarette tax falls on the tobacco consumer, not the tribe, meaning the tribe is simply an agent for collecting the tax.	1
Hoffa, 62, vanished on the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a Bloomfield Township parking lot in Oakland County, about 25 miles north of Detroit.	Hoffa, 62, disappeared on the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a Bloomfield Township parking lot in Oakland County, about 25 miles north of Detroit.	1
Hoffa, 62, vanished on the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a Bloomfield Township parking lot in Oakland County, about 25 miles north of Detroit.	Heoffa, 62, vanished on the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a Bloomfield Township parking lot in Oakland County, about 25 miles north of Detroit.	1
After Mao's death in 1976, Madame Mao was sentenced to life imprisonment for her role in the oppressive Cultural Revolution.	After Madame Mao's death in 1976, Madame Mao was sentenced to life imprisonment for her role in the oppressive Cultural Revolution.	1
After Mao's death in 1976, Madame Mao was sentenced to life imprisonment for her role in the oppressive Cultural Revolution.	Madame Mao was sentenced to life imprisonment after her death in 1976 for her role in the oppressive cultural revolution.	1
Six vehicles, including one belonging to the army, were damaged in the powerful explosion.	Six vehicles were damaged, including one belonging to the army, in the powerful explosion.	1
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.	If found guilty, the prisoners could face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.	1
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.	If convicted, a person faces up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.	1
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.	If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts. If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250k fine on each of them.	1
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	No vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	1
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	Will there be no vote on this issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	1
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	Will there be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	1
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	No vote is required but those who opposed Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accepted it by around 20 to 17.	1
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	On the issue of Robinson's appointment, there will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to it are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	1
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	If there is no vote on the issue, then there are people against Robinson's appointment but these are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	1
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	In the end there is no vote on the matter but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	1
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	If there is no vote on the issue, then those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	1
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	If there is no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	1
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	No vote will be held on the matter but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	1
Peterson, 31, is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son.	Peterson, 31, has been charged with murder of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son.	1
Peterson, 31, is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son.	Peterson, 31, is charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son.	1
"Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate [to demonstrate a vulnerability] without building in the reproductive sequences.	Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate [to demonstrate a vulnerability] without building in the reproductive sequences."	1
"Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate [to demonstrate a vulnerability] without building in the reproductive sequences.	Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate [to demonstrate a vulnerability] without building in the reproductive sequences.	1
"Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate [to demonstrate a vulnerability] without building in the reproductive sequences.	Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is sufficient [to demonstrate a vulnerability] without building in the reproductive sequences.	1
"Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate [to demonstrate a vulnerability] without building in the reproductive sequences.	"Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is sufficient [to demonstrate a vulnerability] without building in the reproductive sequences.	1
"Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate [to demonstrate a vulnerability] without building in the reproductive sequences.	"Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate [to demonstrate a vulnerability] without building in the reproductive sequences"	1
"Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate [to demonstrate a vulnerability] without building in the reproductive sequences.	Write safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate [to demonstrate a vulnerability] without building in the reproductive sequences.	1
"Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate [to demonstrate a vulnerability] without building in the reproductive sequences.	"Writing safe programs that demonstrate an infection vector is adequate [to demonstrate a vulnerability] without building in the reproductive sequences."	1
In other words, Cablevision is obligated to pay for YES Network's lawsuit against Time Warner Cable.	In other words Cablevision is obligated to pay for YES Network's lawsuit against Time Warner Cable.	1
In other words, Cablevision is obligated to pay for YES Network's lawsuit against Time Warner Cable.	Cablevision is obligated to pay for YES Network's lawsuit against Time Warner Cable. In other words, Cablevision is obligated to pay for YES Network's lawsuit against Time Warner Cable.	1
In other words, Cablevision is obligated to pay for YES Network's lawsuit against Time Warner Cable.	Cablevision is obligated to pay for YES Network's lawsuit against Time Warner Cable.	1
Germany's Foreign Ministry said it believed the passengers were from the northern states of Lower Saxony and Schleswig-Holstein, but had no further details.	German Foreign Ministry said it believed the passengers were from the Northern states of Lower Saxony and Schleswig-Holstein, but had no further details.	1
A gunman who had ``a beef with the Postal Service'' stormed into a suburban post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday, authorities said.	A gunman who had a beef with the Postal Service stormed into a suburban post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday, authorities said.	1
A gunman who had ``a beef with the Postal Service'' stormed into a suburban post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday, authorities said.	A gunman who had a beef with the Postal Service'' stormed into a suburban post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday, authorities said.	1
A gunman who had ``a beef with the Postal Service'' stormed into a suburban post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday, authorities said.	''A gunman who had a beef with the Postal Service'' stormed into a suburban post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday, authorities said.	1
The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.	The agency will "consider as timely any tax return or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.	1
The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.	"(the agencies) will consider as timely any tax return or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.	1
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."	'My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know.'	1
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."	I think 95% of the information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know. "	1
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."	My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."	1
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."	"My judgment is that 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."	1
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."	My judgment is that 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know.	1
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."	"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know.	1
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."	My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so that the American people would know."	1
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."	I think 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know.	1
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."	I think 95 percent of the information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know.	1
"My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know."	My judgment is 95 percent of that information should be declassified, become uncensored, so the American people would know.	1
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of Microsoft Inc. fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of Microsoft dropped 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at 25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Exchange.	1
His other films include "Malcolm X," "Summer of Sam" and "Jungle Fever."	The other major movies with him include "Malcolm X," "Summer of Sam" and "Jungle Fever."	1
His other films include "Malcolm X," "Summer of Sam" and "Jungle Fever."	His other films include "Malcolm X," "Summer of Sam" and "Jungle Fever".	1
She was arraigned in New York state on three counts of murder and ordered held without bail.	She was arraigned in New York on three counts of murder and ordered held without bail.	1
She was arraigned in New York state on three counts of murder and ordered held without bail.	The woman was arraigned in New York state on three counts of murder and ordered held without bail.	1
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.	Carlson on Tuesday said he wouldn't recuse himself from the case.	1
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.	On Tuesday Carlson said he would not recuse himself from the case.	1
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.	On Tuesday, Carlson said he will not recuse himself from the case.	1
Carlson on Tuesday said he would not recuse himself from the case.	On Tuesday, Carlson said he would not recuse himself from the case.	1
After 9/11, Connolly said, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.	Connolly said that after 9/11, agents spent thousands of hours investigating al-Bayoumi.	1
The program will grow to include ports in Dubai, Turkey and Malaysia, among others.	The program will expand to include ports in Dubai, Turkey and Malaysia, among others.	1
The program will grow to include ports in Dubai, Turkey and Malaysia, among others.	The program will increase to include ports in Dubai, Turkey and Malaysia, among other things.	1
The program will grow to include ports in Dubai, Turkey and Malaysia, among others.	The program will grow to include ports in Dubai, Turkey and Malaysia, among other countries.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.30, or 1.1 percent, while bond values fell, too.	Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.30, or 1.1 percent, while bond values fell too.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.30, or 1.1 percent, while bond values fell, too.	Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.30, or 1.1 percent, while bond values fell, too.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.30, or 1.1 percent, while bond values fell, too.	Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.30, or 1.1%, while bond values fell, too.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.30, or 1.1 percent, while bond values fell, too.	Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.30, or 1.1 percent, while bond values fell, too.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.30, or 1.1 percent, while bond values fell, too.	The Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.30, or 1.1 percent, while bond values fell too.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.30, or 1.1 percent, while bond values fell, too.	Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.30, or 1.1 percent, while bond values fell too, too.	1
With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people.	With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on the Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people.	1
With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people.	With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on the Forbes' latest list of the nation's wealthiest people.	1
With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people.	With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 in Forbes's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people.	1
With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people.	Forbes: With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes' latest list of the nation's wealthiest people.	1
With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people.	With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's richest people.	1
With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people.	With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes' latest list of the nation's wealthiest people.	1
With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people.	With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes' latest list of the wealthiest people.	1
The biggest threat to order seemed to be looting and crime, including robberies by some of the prisoners freed by Saddam before the war.	What seemed to be the biggest threat to order seemed to be looting and crime, including robberies by some prisoners freed by Saddam before the war.	1
The biggest threat to order seemed to be looting and crime, including robberies by some of the prisoners freed by Saddam before the war.	What started out as the biggest threat to order seemed to be looting and crime, including robberies by some of the prisoners released by Saddam before the war.	1
The biggest threat to order seemed to be looting and crime, including robberies by some of the prisoners freed by Saddam before the war.	What posed the biggest threat to order appeared to be looting and crime, including robbery by some of the prisoners freed by Saddam before the war began.	1
McCabe said he was considered a witness, not a suspect.	McCabe said he is a witness. Not a suspect.	1
McCabe said he was considered a witness, not a suspect.	McCabe has said he was "considered a witness" not a suspect.	1
McCabe said he was considered a witness, not a suspect.	For McCabe, he was considered as a witness, not a suspect.	1
The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health care worker, said Dr. Colin D’Cunha, Ontario’s commissioner of public health.	The woman was exposed to SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health care worker, said Dr. Colin D'Cunha, Ontario’s commissioner of public health.	1
The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health care worker, said Dr. Colin D’Cunha, Ontario’s commissioner of public health.	She was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital and was not a health care worker, said Dr. Colin D’Cunha, Ontario’s commissioner of public health.	1
The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health care worker, said Dr. Colin D’Cunha, Ontario’s commissioner of public health.	The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital and was not a health care worker, said Dr. Colin D’Cunha, Ontario’s commissioner of public health.	1
The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health care worker, said Dr. Colin D’Cunha, Ontario’s commissioner of public health.	The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health care worker, said Dr. Colin D'Cunha, Ontario’s commissioner of public health.	1
"People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones," Cohen said.	"People who are high in positive emotion sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones," Cohen said.	1
"People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones," Cohen said.	"People with high levels of positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones", Cohen said.	1
"People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones," Cohen said.	"People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of stress hormones," Cohen said.	1
"People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones," Cohen said.	People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones, said Cohen.	1
"People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones," Cohen said.	People who have high levels of positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones," Cohen said.	1
"People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones," Cohen said.	People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones," Cohen said.	1
"People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones," Cohen said.	People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones "Cohen said.	1
"People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones," Cohen said.	"People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones" Cohen said.	1
"People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones," Cohen said.	"People who have high levels of positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones," Cohen said.	1
But the new study, from the Women's Health Initiative, said the opposite.	And the new study, from the Women's Health Initiative, said the opposite.	1
But the new study, from the Women's Health Initiative, said the opposite.	But a new study, from the Women's Health Initiative, said the opposite.	1
But the new study, from the Women's Health Initiative, said the opposite.	The new study, from the Women's Health Initiative, said the opposite.	1
But the new study, from the Women's Health Initiative, said the opposite.	A new study, from the Women's Health Initiative, said the opposite.	1
But the new study, from the Women's Health Initiative, said the opposite.	... but the new study, from the Women's Health Initiative, says the opposite.	1
It wants to force him to return his allegedly ill-gotten gains, with interest, and pay penalties.	It wants to force him to return his alleged ill-gotten gains, with interest, and pay penalties.	1
He added that those "are not solely American principles, nor are they exclusively Western."	He added that those "are not solely American principles, nor are they exclusively Western"	1
He added that those "are not solely American principles, nor are they exclusively Western."	He said the principles "are not solely American principles, nor are they exclusively Western."	1
Mahmud was seized near Tikrit, the area from which he and Hussein hail, about 90 miles north of Baghdad, U.S. military officials said Wednesday night.	Was Mahmud seized near Tikrit, the area from which he and Hussein hail, about 90 miles north of Baghdad, U.S. military officials said Wednesday night.	1
"If we don't march into Tehran, I think we will be in pretty good shape," he said.	"I think we'll be in pretty good shape if we don't march into Tehran," he said.	1
"If we don't march into Tehran, I think we will be in pretty good shape," he said.	If we don't march into Tehran, I think we will be in pretty good shape," he said.	1
"If we don't march into Tehran, I think we will be in pretty good shape," he said.	"If we don't march into Tehran, I think we'll be in pretty good shape," he said.	1
"If we don't march into Tehran, I think we will be in pretty good shape," he said.	If we don't march into Tehran, I think we'll be in pretty good shape."	1
"If we don't march into Tehran, I think we will be in pretty good shape," he said.	If we don't march into Tehran, I think we will be in pretty good shape, he said.	1
"If we don't march into Tehran, I think we will be in pretty good shape," he said.	If we can't march into Tehran, we're going to be in pretty good shape," he said.	1
"If we don't march into Tehran, I think we will be in pretty good shape," he said.	If we never march to Tehran, we will be in pretty good shape", he said.	1
"If we don't march into Tehran, I think we will be in pretty good shape," he said.	I think we will be in pretty good shape if we don't march into Tehran," he said.	1
They remain 40 percent below the levels prior to February's initial overstatement news.	They remain 40 percent below the levels prior to February's initial overstatement news. -	1
They remain 40 percent below the levels prior to February's initial overstatement news.	The numbers remain 40 percent below the levels prior to February's initial overstatement news.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> lost 6 points, or 0.71 percent, to 927.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX> lost 6 points, or 0.71 percent, to 927.	1
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	Bond's disappointment is that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	1
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	Bond expressed his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 Conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	1
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	Bond voiced disappointment that neither the President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	1
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	Bond expressed disappointment that neither president Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	1
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	Bond also expressed disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	1
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	Bond expressed disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	1
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	Bond's disappointment was that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	1
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	Bond has expressed his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	1
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	Bond is disappointed that neither the President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 meeting in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	1
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	Bond spoke of his disappointment that neither Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	1
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	Bond was disappointed that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	1
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	Bond said he was disappointed that neither Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	1
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	Bond expressed disappointment that neither his brother nor the president Bush attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	1
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	Bond's disappointment was that neither Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	1
Bond voiced disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	Bond has expressed his disappointment that neither Bush nor his brother attended the 2002 conference in Texas or the 2003 meeting in Florida.	1
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.	Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.	1
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.	Now Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.	1
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.	And Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.	1
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.	Blanca Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.	1
"Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.	What we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.	1
"Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.	What we know suggests that we must take what they're saying very seriously," he added.	1
"Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.	What we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he said.	1
"Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.	"Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he said.	1
"Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.	What we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously", he added.	1
"Certainly what we know suggests that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.	What we know suggest that we should take what they're saying very seriously," he added.	1
On Wall Street, trading resumed with some glitches from the blackout that continued to affect parts of New York City.	After the blackout, trading on Wall Street resumed with some glitches from the blackout that continued to affect parts of New York City.	1
On Wall Street, trading resumed with some glitches from the blackout that continued to affect parts of New York City.	In Wall Street, trading resumed with some glitches from the blackout that continued to affect parts of New York City.	1
Tony Blair has taken a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe at the gathering in the capital Abuja.	Tony Blair has taken a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe at the gathering in Abuja.	1
Tony Blair has taken a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe at the gathering in the capital Abuja.	Tony Blair took a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe at the gathering in Abuja.	1
Tony Blair has taken a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe at the gathering in the capital Abuja.	Tony Blair has taken a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe at the meeting in Abuja.	1
Tony Blair has taken a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe at the gathering in the capital Abuja.	Tony Blair took a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe at the meeting in Abuja.	1
Tony Blair has taken a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe at the gathering in the capital Abuja.	Tony Blair has taken a hardline stance and said nothing should be done to reduce the pressure on Mugabe in the capital Abuja.	1
Tony Blair has taken a hardline stance arguing nothing should be done to lessen the pressure on Mugabe at the gathering in the capital Abuja.	Tony Blair has taken a hardline stance and claimed nothing should be done to reduce the pressure on Mugabe at the presidential gathering in Abuja.	1
The Securities and Exchange Commission also filed a civil fraud complaint against Dinh, of Phoenixville.	The Securities and Exchange Commission filed a civil fraud complaint against Dinh, of Phoenixville.	1
The Securities and Exchange Commission also filed a civil fraud complaint against Dinh, of Phoenixville.	Also, the Securities and Exchange Commission filed a civil fraud complaint against Dinh, of Phoenixville.	1
The Securities and Exchange Commission also filed a civil fraud complaint against Dinh, of Phoenixville.	Securities and Exchange Commission also filed a civil fraud complaint against Dinh, of Phoenixville.	1
The Securities and Exchange Commission also filed a civil fraud complaint against Dinh, of Phoenixville.	Securities and Exchange Commission also filed civil fraud complaint against Dinh, of Phoenixville.	1
Levin's attorney, Bo Hitchcock, declined to comment Friday.	Levin's attorney, Bo Hitchcock, declined to comment on Friday.	1
Levin's attorney, Bo Hitchcock, declined to comment Friday.	Levin's lawyer, Bo Hitchcock, declined to comment Friday.	1
A month ago a military C-17 transporter returned to Baghdad when an engine exploded.	A month ago, a military C-17 transporter returned to Baghdad when an engine exploded.	1
A month ago a military C-17 transporter returned to Baghdad when an engine exploded.	One month ago a military C-17 transporter returned to Baghdad when an engine exploded.	1
On Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.	In a match on Saturday, a 149mph serve against Agassi equalled Rusedski's world record.	1
The purchase is the largest conservation transaction in Hawaii's history, the agencies said.	The acquisition is the largest conservation transaction in Hawaii's history, the agencies said.	1
The purchase is the largest conservation transaction in Hawaii's history, the agencies said.	The purchase is the largest conservation transaction in Hawaii history, the agencies said.	1
She said Nelson heard someone shout, "Let's get the Jew!"	Nelson said she was hearing someone shout, "Let's get the jew!"	1
She said Nelson heard someone shout, "Let's get the Jew!"	She said Nelson heard someone shout "Let's get the Jew!"	1
She said Nelson heard someone shout, "Let's get the Jew!"	She said Nelson heard someone say, "Let's get the Jew!"	1
She said Nelson heard someone shout, "Let's get the Jew!"	She said Nelson heard someone shout, "Let's get the Jew"	1
She said Nelson heard someone shout, "Let's get the Jew!"	"Let's get the Jew!" she said. Nelson said Nelson heard someone shout, "Let's get the Jew!"	1
The FCC said existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.	FCC says existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under new broadcast flag system.	1
The FCC said existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.	FCC said existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.	1
The FCC said existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.	In response, the FCC ruled that existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.	1
The FCC said existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.	Under the new broadcast flag system, existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional. The FCC said that the existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional.	1
Motorola had scheduled its earnings report to be released today after the close of trading.	Motorola has schedule its earnings report to be released today after the close of trading.	1
Motorola had scheduled its earnings report to be released today after the close of trading.	Motorola's earnings report is scheduled to be released today after the close of trading.	1
Motorola had scheduled its earnings report to be released today after the close of trading.	Motorola has scheduled earnings to be released today after the close of trading.	1
Motorola had scheduled its earnings report to be released today after the close of trading.	Motorola's earnings report was scheduled for today after the close of trading.	1
For the third time in the past four years, wildfires are the problem.	So far, wildfires have been the problem for the third time in the past four years.	1
For the third time in the past four years, wildfires are the problem.	Wildfires are the problem for the third time in the past four years.	1
For the third time in the past four years, wildfires are the problem.	The problem is that for the third time in the past four years, wildfires are the problem.	1
Most of those killed were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel.	The majority of the dead were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel.	1
Most of those killed were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel.	Most of the people killed were workers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel.	1
Most of those killed were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel.	Most of the dead were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working in Rohtang tunnel.	1
Most of those killed were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel.	Most of those killed were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working in Rohtang tunnel.	1
Most of those killed were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel.	Most of the dead were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel.	1
Most of those killed were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel.	Mostly killed were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel.	1
Most of those killed were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel.	Most of the people killed were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel.	1
Most of those killed were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel.	Majority of the victims were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel.	1
Axcan's shares closed down 63 Canadian cents, or 4 percent, at C$16.93 in Toronto on Tuesday.	Axcan closed down 63 Canadian cents, or 4 percent, at C$16.93 in Toronto on Tuesday.	1
Axcan's shares closed down 63 Canadian cents, or 4 percent, at C$16.93 in Toronto on Tuesday.	Axcan shares closed down 63 Canadian cents, or 4 percent, at C$16.93 in Toronto on Tuesday.	1
Axcan's shares closed down 63 Canadian cents, or 4 percent, at C$16.93 in Toronto on Tuesday.	Shares of Axcan closed down 63 Canadian cents, or 4 percent, at C$16.93 in Toronto on Tuesday.	1
It forecast 445 billion yen in loan-loss charges for the year ending next March.	In a forecast of 445 billion yen in loan-loss charges, it forecast 445 billion yen in loan-loss charges for the year ending next March.	1
Iraqi doctors who treated former prisoner of war Jessica Lynch dismissed on Friday claims made in her biography that she was raped by her Iraqi captors.	As for Jessica Lynch, Iraqi doctors who treated former prisoner of war dismissed on Friday claims made in her biography that she was raped by her Iraqi captors.	1
Iraqi doctors who treated former prisoner of war Jessica Lynch dismissed on Friday claims made in her biography that she was raped by her Iraqi captors.	The Iraqi doctors who treated former prisoner of war Jessica Lynch dismissed on Friday claims made in her biography that she was raped by her Iraqi captors.	1
On Thursday, Lee won a preliminary injunction in New York preventing Viacom from using the name "Spike TV."	On Thursday, Lee won a preliminary injunction in New York preventing Viacom from using the name "Spike TV".	1
On Thursday, Lee won a preliminary injunction in New York preventing Viacom from using the name "Spike TV."	On Thursday, Lee won a preliminary injunction in New York preventing Viacom from using the name "Spike TV"	1
A grief-stricken old woman, disconsolate with grief, smeared her face with dirt, uttering: "My child, my child."	A grief-stricken old woman, disonsolate with grief, smeared her face with dirt, uttering: My child, my child."	1
In 1999 a California legislator proposed a law requiring driving tests for those over the age of 75 who sought to renew their licenses.	In 1999, a California legislator proposed a law requiring driving tests for those over the age of 75 who sought to renew their licenses.	1
In 1999 a California legislator proposed a law requiring driving tests for those over the age of 75 who sought to renew their licenses.	In 1999 a California legislator proposed a law requiring driving tests for those over 75 who sought to renew their licenses.	1
In 1999 a California legislator proposed a law requiring driving tests for those over the age of 75 who sought to renew their licenses.	In 1999 a California legislator proposed a law requiring driving tests for all over the age of 75 who sought to renew their licenses.	1
In 1999 a California legislator proposed a law requiring driving tests for those over the age of 75 who sought to renew their licenses.	In 1999, a California legislator proposed a law requiring a driving test for those over the age of 75 who sought to renew their licenses.	1
In 1999 a California legislator proposed a law requiring driving tests for those over the age of 75 who sought to renew their licenses.	In California in 1999 a legislator proposed a law requiring driving tests for those over the age of 75 who sought to renew their licenses.	1
In 1999 a California legislator proposed a law requiring driving tests for those over the age of 75 who sought to renew their licenses.	In 1999 a California legislator proposed a law requiring driving tests for those over the age of 75 who sought to renew their license.	1
More than 400 people have been killed since August, including Afghan and foreign aid workers, U.S. and Afghan soldiers, officials and police, and many guerrillas.	More than 400 people have been killed in Afghanistan in August, including Afghan and foreign aid workers, U.S. and Afghan soldiers, officials and police, and many guerrillas.	1
More than 400 people have been killed since August, including Afghan and foreign aid workers, U.S. and Afghan soldiers, officials and police, and many guerrillas.	More than 400 people have been killed since August, including Afghanistan and foreign aid workers, U.S. and Afghan soldiers, officials and police, and many guerrillas.	1
More than 400 people have been killed since August, including Afghan and foreign aid workers, U.S. and Afghan soldiers, officials and police, and many guerrillas.	More than 400 people have been killed in Afghanistan since August, including Afghan and foreign aid workers, U.S. and Afghan soldiers, officials and police, and many guerrillas.	1
Chad Kolton, emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security, said the government is open to new technologies and methods to communicate more quickly and efficiently.	Chad Kolton, homeland security emergency management spokesman, said the government is open to new technologies and methods to communicate more quickly and efficiently.	1
Chad Kolton, emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security, said the government is open to new technologies and methods to communicate more quickly and efficiently.	Chad Kolton, Homeland Security emergency management spokesman, said the government is open to new technologies and methods to communicate more quickly and efficiently.	1
Chad Kolton, emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security, said the government is open to new technologies and methods to communicate more quickly and efficiently.	Chad Kolton, a Homeland Security emergency management spokesman, said the government is open to new technologies and methods to communicate more quickly and efficiently.	1
Chad Kolton, emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security, said the government is open to new technologies and methods to communicate more quickly and efficiently.	Chad Kolton, an emergency management spokesman for the Department of Homeland Security, said the government is open to new technologies and methods to communicate more quickly and efficiently.	1
Chad Kolton, emergency management spokesman with the Department of Homeland Security, said the government is open to new technologies and methods to communicate more quickly and efficiently.	Chad Kolton, a Department of Homeland Security emergency management spokesman, said the government is open to new technologies and methods to communicate more quickly and efficiently.	1
The results will be published the July 10 issue of the journal Nature.	The results will be published in the July 10 issue of the journal Nature.	1
The results will be published the July 10 issue of the journal Nature.	The results will be published in the July 10 issue of the Nature journal.	1
The results will be published the July 10 issue of the journal Nature.	Results will be published the July 10 issue of the journal Nature.	1
The results will be published the July 10 issue of the journal Nature.	Results will be published in the July 10 issue of the journal Nature.	1
The results will be published the July 10 issue of the journal Nature.	The results will be published in the July 10 issue of Nature.	1
The Opposition Leader, Simon Crean, said John Howard had been forced to make changes by the incompetence of his ministers.	Simon Crean, the Opposition leader, said John Howard had been forced to make changes by the incompetence of his ministers.	1
The Opposition Leader, Simon Crean, said John Howard had been forced to make changes by the incompetence of his ministers.	Simon Crean, the Opposition Leader, said John Howard had been forced to make changes by the incompetence of his ministers.	1
The Opposition Leader, Simon Crean, said John Howard had been forced to make changes by the incompetence of his ministers.	Simon Crean, Opposition leader said John Howard had been forced to make changes by the incompetence of his ministers.	1
The Opposition Leader, Simon Crean, said John Howard had been forced to make changes by the incompetence of his ministers.	Simon Crean, Opposition Leader, said John Howard had been forced to make changes by the incompetence of his ministers.	1
In fact, 10 million shares of the sale went to an unidentified charitable trust - which promptly sold them.	Is that true? 10 million shares of the sale went to an unidentified charitable trust - which promptly sold them.	1
In fact, 10 million shares of the sale went to an unidentified charitable trust - which promptly sold them.	10 million shares of the sale went to an unidentified charitable trust which promptly sold them.	1
In fact, 10 million shares of the sale went to an unidentified charitable trust - which promptly sold them.	In fact, 10 million shares of the sale went to an unidentified charitable trust, which promptly sold them.	1
In fact, 10 million shares of the sale went to an unidentified charitable trust - which promptly sold them.	10 million shares were sold to an unidentified charitable trust. It then immediately sold them.	1
The airline says only Robert Milton is taking a 15-per-cent reduction in pay.	The airline says only Robert Milton is taking a 15-percent cut in pay.	1
The airline says only Robert Milton is taking a 15-per-cent reduction in pay.	The airline says only Robert Milton is taking a 15-percent reduction in pay.	1
The airline says only Robert Milton is taking a 15-per-cent reduction in pay.	The airline says only Robert Milton will be taking a 15-percent reduction in pay.	1
The airline says only Robert Milton is taking a 15-per-cent reduction in pay.	The airline says only Robert Milton is taking a 15-per-cent cut in pay.	1
The airline says only Robert Milton is taking a 15-per-cent reduction in pay.	The airline says only Robert Milton will take a 15-percent reduction in pay.	1
The airline says only Robert Milton is taking a 15-per-cent reduction in pay.	Airline says only Robert Milton is taking a 15-percent reduction in pay.	1
The WHIMS study found that combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment.	In the WHIMS study, combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment.	1
The WHIMS study found that combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment.	WHIMS study found that combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment.	1
The WHIMS study found that combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment.	The WHIMS study found that combination hormone therapy doubled the risk of probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment.	1
The WHIMS study found that combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment.	In WHIMS study, combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment.	1
The WHIMS study found that combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment.	A WHIMS study found that combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment.	1
The WHIMS study found that combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment.	In the WHIMS study, the combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment.	1
The WHIMS study found that combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment.	WHISMS study found that combination hormone therapy doubled the risk for probable dementia in women 65 and older and did not prevent mild cognitive impairment.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 16.02 points, or 1.62 percent, at 1,004.63.	Standard & Poor's 500 index gained 16.02 points, or 1.62 percent, at 1,004.63.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 16.02 points, or 1.62 percent, at 1,004.63.	Standard & Poor's 500 index improved by 16.02 points, or 1.62 percent, at 1,004.63.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 16.02 points, or 1.62 percent, at 1,004.63.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 16.02 points, or 1.62 percent, at 1,004.63.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 16.02 points, or 1.62 percent, at 1,004.63.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 16.02 points, or 1.62 percent, at 1,004.63.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 16.02 points, or 1.62 percent, at 1,004.63.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 16.02 points, or 1.62 percent, at 1,004.63. -	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 16.02 points, or 1.62 percent, at 1,004.63.	Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 16.02 points, or 1.62 percent, at 1,004.63.	1
Researchers found that people 65 and older who had fish once a week had a 60% lower risk of Alzheimer's than those who never or rarely ate fish.	Research found that people 65 and older who had fish once a week had a 60% lower risk of Alzheimer's than those who never or rarely ate fish.	1
Researchers found that people 65 and older who had fish once a week had a 60% lower risk of Alzheimer's than those who never or rarely ate fish.	Scientists found that people 65 and older who had fish once a week had a 60% lower risk of Alzheimer's than those who never or rarely ate fish.	1
The product also features an updated release of the Apache Web server, as well as Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis.	The product also features an updated release of Apache Web server, as well as Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis.	1
The product also features an updated release of the Apache Web server, as well as Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis.	A product also features an updated release of Apache Web Server, as well as Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis.	1
The product also features an updated release of the Apache Web server, as well as Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis.	The product also features an updated release of Apache Web Server, as well as Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis.	1
The product also features an updated release of the Apache Web server, as well as Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis.	It also features an updated release of the Apache Web server, as well as Apache Axis and Apache Tomcat.	1
The product also features an updated release of the Apache Web server, as well as Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis.	The release also features an updated release of the Apache Web server, as well as Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis.	1
"APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders.	"The APEC leadership are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders.	1
"APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders.	"The APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thailand's Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told Business leaders.	1
"APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders.	APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thai prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders.	1
"APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders.	"The APEC is painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders.	1
"APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders.	The APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders.	1
"APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders.	"The APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders.	1
"APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders.	"The leaders of the APEC are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable," Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders.	1
Clayton's shares were also suspended from trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	Clayton shares were banned from trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Clayton's shares were also suspended from trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	Clayton's stock was also suspended from trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Clayton's shares were also suspended from trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	The shares of Clayton were also suspended from trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Clayton's shares were also suspended from trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	Clayton's shares were suspended from trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67]," to extend the contest until 8am (AEST) today.	Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67," to extend the contest until 8am (AEST) today.	1
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67]," to extend the contest until 8am (AEST) today.	Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67" to extend the contest until 8am (AEST) today.	1
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67]," to extend the contest until 8am (AEST) today.	3. Third vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67," to extend the contest until 8am (AEST) today.	1
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67]," to extend the contest until 8am (AEST) today.	Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67], to extend the contest until 8am (AEST) today.	1
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67]," to extend the contest until 8am (AEST) today.	Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67", to extend the contest until 8am today (AEST).	1
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67]," to extend the contest until 8am (AEST) today.	Three vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organiser, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67," to extend the contest until 8am (AEST) today.	1
They said many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	They said many had been beaten, and police also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	1
They said many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	Some patients said that a lot of them had been beaten, but police have also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed some patients.	1
They said many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	The hospital said many had been beaten, police officers also stormed private wards and harassed patients.	1
They said many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	Many people in the hospital were beaten. Police officers stormed the private wards and harassed patients.	1
They said many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	The police said many had been beaten and also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	1
They said many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	They said many had been beaten and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	1
They said many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	Several had been beaten, and police officers stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	1
They said many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	Many had been beaten and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	1
They said many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	Many said they had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	1
They said many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	The hospital said many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	1
They said many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	People said they had been beaten and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	1
They said many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	The report said many people had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	1
They said many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	People said many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	1
They said many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	Many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	1
US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans.	United States authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans.	1
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.	Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association, stood with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates.	1
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	Bremer said he plans to launch a 70 million national program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	1
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	Bremer said that one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	1
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	Bremer said he hopes to start a 70 million national program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	1
Bremer said one initiative is to launch a US$70 million nationwide program in the next two weeks to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	In the next two weeks, Bremer said he expects to launch a US$70 million nationwide program to clean up neighborhoods and build community projects.	1
Earlier this year, the company announced a restatement of its 2002, 2001 and 2000 financial results.	Earlier this year, the company announced the restatement of its 2002, 2001 and 2000 financial results.	1
Earlier this year, the company announced a restatement of its 2002, 2001 and 2000 financial results.	Earlier in the year, the company announced a restatement of its 2002, 2001 and 2000 financial results.	1
Earlier this year, the company announced a restatement of its 2002, 2001 and 2000 financial results.	Earlier this year, the company announced a restructure of its 2002, 2001 and 2000 financial results.	1
U.S. same-store sales last months at Tim Hortons rose 8.8 per cent.	U.S. same-store sales last month at Tim Hortons rose 8.8 per cent.	1
U.S. same-store sales last months at Tim Hortons rose 8.8 per cent.	United States same-store sales last months at Tim Hortons rose 8.8 per cent.	1
World economic leaders hailed signs of a global revival on Tuesday but agreed it had to be handled with care to prevent any setback.	World economic leaders hailed signs of a global revival on Tuesday but agreed it had to be handled with care to prevent any setbacks.	1
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .	Sterling is down 0.8 percent against the Dollar at $1.5875 (GBP).	1
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .	Sterling fell 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP=.	1
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .	Sterling fell 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP.	1
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .	Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP=.	1
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .	Sterling has been down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP=.	1
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .	Sterling is down 0.8% against the dollar. It stands at $1.5875 GBP.	1
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .	Sterling is down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP.	1
Police said they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	Police say they believe Cruz knew the girl through a former schoolmate - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	1
Police said they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	Police say Cruz knew of the girl through a former schoolmate - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	1
Police said they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	Police said they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - but neither the girl nor her family knew him.	1
Police said they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	Cops say they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	1
Police said they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	Police believe Cruz knew about the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	1
Police said they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	Police believe Cruz knew about the girl through one of her former schoolmates, though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	1
Police said they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	Police say they believe Cruz knew of the girl through a former schoolmate - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	1
Police said they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	Police say they believe Cruz knew about the girl through one of her former schoolmates, though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	1
Police said they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	Police believe Cruz knew about the girl through a former schoolmate but neither the girl nor her family knew him.	1
Peck died peacefully at his Los Angeles home early Thursday with his wife of 48 years, Veronique, by his side.	Peck died peacefully at his Los Angeles home early Thursday with his wife of 48 years, Veronique.	1
Holden toured Northmoor, a small town in Platte County, Mo., where between 25 and 30 homes were either damaged or destroyed.	Holden toured Northmoor, a small town in Platte County, Missouri, where between 25 and 30 homes were either damaged or destroyed.	1
Holden toured Northmoor, a small town in Platte County, Mo., where between 25 and 30 homes were either damaged or destroyed.	Holden visited Northmoor, a small town in Platte County, Mo., where between 25 and 30 homes were either damaged or destroyed.	1
Holden toured Northmoor, a small town in Platte County, Mo., where between 25 and 30 homes were either damaged or destroyed.	Holden visits Northmoor, a small town in Platte County, Mo., where between 25 and 30 homes were either damaged or destroyed.	1
While it was being called mandatory, Dupont said authorities were not forcing people from their homes.	When it was being called mandatory, Dupont said authorities were not forcing people from their homes.	1
While it was being called mandatory, Dupont said authorities were not forcing people from their homes.	While it's being called mandatory, Dupont said authorities were not forcing people from their homes.	1
While it was being called mandatory, Dupont said authorities were not forcing people from their homes.	While this is being called mandatory, Dupont said authorities were not forcing people from their homes.	1
While it was being called mandatory, Dupont said authorities were not forcing people from their homes.	Dupont said officials were not forcing people from their homes. While it was being called mandatory, Dupont said the authorities were not forcing people from their homes.	1
While it was being called mandatory, Dupont said authorities were not forcing people from their homes.	While mandatory, Dupont said authorities were not forcing people from their homes.	1
While it was being called mandatory, Dupont said authorities were not forcing people from their homes.	Dupont said that while it was being called mandatory, the authorities were not forcing people from their homes.	1
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker signed a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	1
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	Shares of Juniper Networks leapt more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	1
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	Shares of Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the network equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	1
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	Shares in Juniper Networks jumped over 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	1
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	Shares of Juniper Networks rose 10 per cent on Monday after the company struck a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	1
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the network equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	1
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	Shares in Juniper Networks rose more than 10 per cent on Monday after the network equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	1
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	Shares of Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	1
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	Shares in Juniper Networks rose more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	1
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	Shares of Juniper Networks jumped over 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	1
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	Shares in Juniper Networks jumped over 10 per cent on Monday after the network equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	1
The legislation came after U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City ruled last week that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry.	The legislation came after U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City ruled last week that the FTC lacks authority to run the registry.	1
The report said the Corpus Christi-based agent twice called Escobar while the legislator was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore, Okla.	Report said the Corpus Christi-based agent twice called Escobar while the legislator was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore, Okla.	1
The report said the Corpus Christi-based agent twice called Escobar while the legislator was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore, Okla.	Report says Corpus Christi-based agent twice called Escobar while the legislator was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore, Okla.	1
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.	North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.	1
Dell has about 32 percent of the U.S. market, but much lower share in the rest of the world.	Dell has about 32 percent of the U.S. market, but much smaller share in the rest of the world.	1
Dell has about 32 percent of the U.S. market, but much lower share in the rest of the world.	Dell has 32 percent of the U.S. market, but much lower share in the rest of the world.	1
Dell has about 32 percent of the U.S. market, but much lower share in the rest of the world.	Dell is about 32 percent of the U.S. market, but much lower share in the rest of the world.	1
Dell has about 32 percent of the U.S. market, but much lower share in the rest of the world.	Dell has about 32% of the U.S. market, but much lower share in the rest of the world.	1
Dell has about 32 percent of the U.S. market, but much lower share in the rest of the world.	Dell ( Dell Systems ) is a company with about 32 percent of the U.S. market, but much lower share in the rest of the world.	1
He was sent to Larned State Hospital, where he was evaluated and treated.	He was taken to Larned State Hospital, where he was evaluated and treated.	1
He was sent to Larned State Hospital, where he was evaluated and treated.	He was taken to Larned State Hospital for treatment.	1
He was sent to Larned State Hospital, where he was evaluated and treated.	Was sent to Larned State Hospital, where he was evaluated and treated.	1
He was sent to Larned State Hospital, where he was evaluated and treated.	He was sent to Larned State Hospital where he was evaluated and treated.	1
He was sent to Larned State Hospital, where he was evaluated and treated.	He was admitted at Larned State Hospital, where he was evaluated and treated.	1
He was sent to Larned State Hospital, where he was evaluated and treated.	The victim was transported to Larned State Hospital, where he was evaluated and treated.	1
He was sent to Larned State Hospital, where he was evaluated and treated.	He was taken to Larned State Hospital where he was evaluated and treated.	1
Two weeks later on New Year's night, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment.	Two weeks later, on New Year's night, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her home.	1
Two weeks later on New Year's night, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment.	Two weeks later on new year's Eve, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment.	1
Two weeks later on New Year's night, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment.	Two weeks later, on New Year's night, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was found bound and strangled in her apartment.	1
Two weeks later on New Year's night, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment.	Two weeks later on New Year's Eve, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment.	1
Two weeks later on New Year's night, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment.	Two weeks later on New Year's Eve, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was found bound and strangled in her apartment	1
Two weeks later on New Year's night, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment.	Two weeks later on New Year's night, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was found bound and strangled in her apartment.	1
Two weeks later on New Year's night, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment.	Two weeks later, on New Year's night, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment.	1
Two weeks later on New Year's night, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment.	Two weeks later, on New Year's Eve, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was found bound and strangled in her apartment.	1
Two weeks later on New Year's night, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment.	Two weeks later on New Year's Eve, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was found bound and strangled in her apartment.	1
Two weeks later on New Year's night, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment.	On new year's Eve, two weeks after her death, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was found strangled and bound in her apartment.	1
Two weeks later on New Year's night, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment.	Two weeks later, on New Year's Eve, Nikia Shanell Kilpatrick was discovered bound and strangled in her apartment.	1
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.	Putting the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.	1
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.	With power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.	1
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.	Now that the power is back on, state workers are heading back to their jobs Friday morning.	1
Democrats argue they are not constitutionally required to redraw the lines, and that proposed maps would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas.	Democrats say they are not constitutionally required to redraw the lines, and that proposed maps would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas.	1
Democrats argue they are not constitutionally required to redraw the lines, and that proposed maps would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas.	Democrats argue that they are not constitutionally required to redraw the lines, and that proposed maps would disenfranchise minority communities and rural Texas.	1
Democrats argue they are not constitutionally required to redraw the lines, and that proposed maps would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas.	Democrats say they are not constitutionally required to redraw the lines, and that proposed maps would disenfranchise minority groups and rural Texas.	1
Democrats argue they are not constitutionally required to redraw the lines, and that proposed maps would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas.	Democrats argue that they are not constitutionally required to redraw the lines, and that proposed maps would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas.	1
Democrats argue they are not constitutionally required to redraw the lines, and that proposed maps would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas.	The Democrats say they are not constitutionally required to redraw the lines, and that proposed maps would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas.	1
Democrats argue they are not constitutionally required to redraw the lines, and that proposed maps would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas.	Democrats argue they are not constitutionally required to redraw the lines, and that proposed maps would disenfranchise minority communities and rural Texas.	1
After about three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for soft drinks.	After just three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for soft drinks.	1
After about three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for soft drinks.	After about three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for'soft drinks'.	1
After about three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for soft drinks.	After about 3 hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for soft drinks.	1
After about three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for soft drinks.	After three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for soft drinks.	1
After about three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for soft drinks.	After the three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for soft drinks.	1
Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes.	Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son and talked to him on his cell phone for about a minute.	1
Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes.	Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his cell phone and talked with him for a couple of minutes.	1
Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes.	Lee Peterson testified he called his son on his phone and talked to him for a few minutes.	1
Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes.	Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son's cell phone and talked to him for 2 minutes.	1
Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes.	Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his mobile phone and talked to him for a few minutes.	1
Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes.	Lee Peterson said he reached his son on his cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes.	1
Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes.	Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his mobile phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes.	1
Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes.	Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son's cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes.	1
Lee Peterson testified that he reached his son on his cell phone and talked to him for a couple of minutes.	Lee Peterson testified he called his son from his cell phone and talked with him for a few minutes.	1
Danbury prosecutor Warren Murray could not be reached for comment Monday.	Warren Murray, Danbury’s prosecutor, could not be reached for comment Monday.	1
Danbury prosecutor Warren Murray could not be reached for comment Monday.	Warren Murray, the Danbury Prosecutor, could not be reached for comment Monday.	1
Danbury prosecutor Warren Murray could not be reached for comment Monday.	Warren Murray, Danbury's prosecutor, could not be reached for comment Monday.	1
Both bidders agreed to assume about $90 million in debt owed on the planes.	Both bidders agreed to assume about 90 million in debt owed on the planes.	1
Both bidders agreed to assume about $90 million in debt owed on the planes.	Both bidders agreed to assume $90 million in debt owed on the planes.	1
Both bidders agreed to assume about $90 million in debt owed on the planes.	Both bidders agreed to assume about $90 million in debt owed on the airplanes.	1
Both bidders agreed to assume about $90 million in debt owed on the planes.	Both bidders agreed to assume $90 million in debt owed on the aircrafts.	1
Both bidders agreed to assume about $90 million in debt owed on the planes.	Both bidders agreed to assume about $90 million in debt owed on the aircrafts.	1
In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1{ inches.	In 1999, the building's owners, the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 inches.	1
Palm plans to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.	Palm will issue about 13.9 million shares of palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.	1
Palm plans to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.	Palm will issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring shareholders on a fully diluted basis.	1
Palm plans to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.	Palm plans to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.	1
Palm plans to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.	Palm will issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.	1
Palm plans to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.	Palm will issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders on a fully diluted basis.	1
Palm plans to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.	Palm is going to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.	1
Palm plans to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.	Palm is planning to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.	1
Palm plans to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.	Palm plans to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring shareholders on a fully diluted basis.	1
Palm plans to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.	Palm is preparing to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.	1
Palm plans to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.	Palm is planning to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders on a fully diluted basis.	1
The judge ordered the unsealing yesterday at the request of several news agencies, including The Seattle Times, The Associated Press and the Seattle Post-Intelligencer.	Judge ordered unsealing yesterday at the request of several news agencies, including The Seattle Times, The Associated Press and the Seattle Post-Intelligencer.	1
Wittig resigned last year after being indicted on federal bank fraud charges involving a real estate loan unrelated to Westar business.	Wittig quit last year after being indicted on federal bank fraud charges involving a real estate loan unrelated to Westar.	1
Wittig resigned last year after being indicted on federal bank fraud charges involving a real estate loan unrelated to Westar business.	Wittig left Westar last year after being indicted on federal bank fraud charges involving a real estate loan unrelated to the Westar business.	1
Wittig resigned last year after being indicted on federal bank fraud charges involving a real estate loan unrelated to Westar business.	Wittig resigned last year after being indicted on federal bank fraud charges involving a real estate loan unrelated to Westar.	1
Assani said Tuesday he did not know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him.	Assani said on Tuesday that he did not know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him.	1
Assani said Tuesday he did not know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him.	Assani said Tuesday he didn't know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him.	1
Assani said Tuesday he did not know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him.	Assani said Tuesday that he did not know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him.	1
Assani said Tuesday he did not know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him.	Assani said Tuesday he does not know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him.	1
Assani said Tuesday he did not know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him.	Assani said on Tuesday he didn't know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him.	1
Assani said Tuesday he did not know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him.	Assani said on Tuesday that he didn't know what to charge the men with because US officials refused to share information with him.	1
Jacob has pushed consolidation for years, but he has said many communities, especially rural ones, have opposed it.	Jacob has pushed for consolidation for years but he has said many communities, especially rural ones, have opposed it.	1
Jacob has pushed consolidation for years, but he has said many communities, especially rural ones, have opposed it.	Jacob pushed for consolidation for years, but he has said many communities, especially rural ones, have opposed it.	1
Jacob has pushed consolidation for years, but he has said many communities, especially rural ones, have opposed it.	In recent years Jacob has pushed for consolidation, but he has said many communities, especially rural ones, have opposed it.	1
Jacob has pushed consolidation for years, but he has said many communities, especially rural ones, have opposed it.	Jacob pushed consolidation for years, but he has said many communities, especially rural ones, have opposed it.	1
Jacob has pushed consolidation for years, but he has said many communities, especially rural ones, have opposed it.	Jacob has pushed for consolidation for years, but he has said many communities, particularly rural ones, have opposed it.	1
A slit the size of one created in the test would let in a stream of gas three times as hot as a blowtorch."	A slit the size of one created in the test would let in a stream of gas 3 times as hot as a blowtorch,".	1
Legato stockholders will get 0.9 of a share of EMC stock for every share of Legato they own.	Legato shares get 0.09 of a share of EMC stock for every share of Legato they own.	1
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a compromise."	1
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	The Republicans went into the closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	1
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a compromise. "	1
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a compromise.'"	1
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	The Republicans went in a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise'. "	1
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a compromise.' "	1
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.' " "The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.' "	1
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a "compromise.""	1
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a "compromise."	1
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise'"	1
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise'."	1
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise'.	1
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a compromise.	1
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise'""	1
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise'" "The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	1
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise'. "	1
"The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"	The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise'."	1
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld is awaiting recommendations from his commanders.	Donald Rumsfeld, Secretary of Defense, is awaiting the recommendations from his commanders.	1
Goodrem, 18, announced on Friday that she was suffering Hodgkin's disease, a curable form of lymphoma cancer.	Goodrem, 18, announced on Friday that she was suffering from Hodgkin's disease, a curable form of lymphoma cancer.	1
Goodrem, 18, announced on Friday that she was suffering Hodgkin's disease, a curable form of lymphoma cancer.	Goodrem, 18, confirmed on Friday that she was suffering from Hodgkin’s disease, a curable form of lymphoma cancer.	1
Goodrem, 18, announced on Friday that she was suffering Hodgkin's disease, a curable form of lymphoma cancer.	Goodrem, 18, announced on Friday that she was suffering from Hodgkin's Disease, a curable form of lymphoma cancer.	1
Goodrem, 18, announced on Friday that she was suffering Hodgkin's disease, a curable form of lymphoma cancer.	Goodrem, 18, said on Friday that she was suffering from Hodgkin's disease, a curable form of lymphoma cancer.	1
He says that "this is a time when we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy, not questioning it.	He says that "this is a time when we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy, not questioning it."	1
He says that "this is a time when we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy, not questioning it.	He says this is a time when we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy, not questioning it.	1
He says that "this is a time when we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy, not questioning it.	"This is a time when we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy, not questioning it"	1
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.	Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest after she was released from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said on Friday.	1
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.	Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery. Her personal physician said Friday	1
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.	Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest after her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.	1
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest following her release from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.	Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will be kept under house arrest after she was released from a hospital where she underwent surgery, her personal physician said Friday.	1
Shattered Glass,"starring Hayden Christensen as Stephen Glass, debuted well with $80,000 in eight theaters.	Shattered Glass,”starring Hayden Christensen as Stephen Glass, debuted well with $80,000 in eight theaters.	1
Shattered Glass,"starring Hayden Christensen as Stephen Glass, debuted well with $80,000 in eight theaters.	Shattered Glass"starring Hayden Christensen as Stephen Glass debuted well with $80,000 in eight theaters.	1
Shattered Glass,"starring Hayden Christensen as Stephen Glass, debuted well with $80,000 in eight theaters.	"Shattered Glass,"starring Hayden Christensen as Stephen Glass, debuted well with $80,000 in eight theaters.	1
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.	United has already paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.	1
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.	United had already paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.	1
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.	United has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.	1
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.	United already paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.	1
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.	United has paid $34 million in penalties to the city for not meeting the first round of employment targets.	1
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.	United has paid a total of $34 million to the city in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.	1
The budget fell steadily until dropping as low as $2.93 billion in 1998 and has gradually risen to $3.27 billion for fiscal 2002.	Budget fell steadily until dropping as low as $2.93 billion in 1998 and has gradually risen to $3.27 billion for fiscal 2002.	1
The budget fell steadily until dropping as low as $2.93 billion in 1998 and has gradually risen to $3.27 billion for fiscal 2002.	Budget : The budget fell steadily until dropping as low as $2.93 billion in 1998 and has gradually risen to $3.27 billion for fiscal 2002.	1
A council of up to nine Iraqis probably will lead the countrys interim government through the coming months, the U.S. civil administrator said Monday.	One council of about nine Iraqis probably will lead the countrys interim government through the coming months, the U.S. civil administrator said Monday.	1
He was arrested Friday night at an Alpharetta seafood restaurant while dining with his wife, singer Whitney Houston.	He was arrested Friday evening at an Alpharetta seafood restaurant while dining with his wife, singer Whitney Houston.	1
He was arrested Friday night at an Alpharetta seafood restaurant while dining with his wife, singer Whitney Houston.	He was arrested Friday night while dining with his wife, singer Whitney Houston, in an Alpharetta seafood restaurant.	1
He was arrested Friday night at an Alpharetta seafood restaurant while dining with his wife, singer Whitney Houston.	He was arrested on Friday night at an Alpharetta seafood restaurant while dining with his wife, singer Whitney Houston.	1
He was arrested Friday night at an Alpharetta seafood restaurant while dining with his wife, singer Whitney Houston.	He was arrested at an Alpharetta seafood restaurant Friday night while dining with his wife, singer Whitney Houston.	1
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.	They found molecule that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.	1
Ghulam Mahaiuddin, head of administration in the southern province of Helmand, said the bus blast happened early in the morning, west of the provincial capital Lashkargah.	Ghulam Mahaiuddin, head of administrative in the southern province of Helmand, said the bus blast happened early in the morning, west of the provincial capital Lashkargah.	1
Ghulam Mahaiuddin, head of administration in the southern province of Helmand, said the bus blast happened early in the morning, west of the provincial capital Lashkargah.	Mr. Ghulam Mahaiuddin, head of administration in the southern province of Helmand, said the bus blast happened early in the morning, west of the provincial capital Lashkargah.	1
Ghulam Mahaiuddin, head of administration in the southern province of Helmand, said the bus blast happened early in the morning, west of the provincial capital Lashkargah.	Ghulam Mahaiuddin, head of administration in southern province of Helmand, said the bus blast happened early in the morning, west of the provincial capital Lashkargah.	1
Ghulam Mahaiuddin, head of administration in the southern province of Helmand, said the bus blast happened early in the morning, west of the provincial capital Lashkargah.	Gollam Mahaiuddin, head of administration in the southern province of Helmand, said the bus blast happened early in the morning, west of the provincial capital Lashkargah.	1
Ghulam Mahaiuddin, head of administration in the southern province of Helmand, said the bus blast happened early in the morning, west of the provincial capital Lashkargah.	According to Ghulam Mahaiuddin, head of administration in the southern province of Helmand, the bus blast happened early in the morning, west of the provincial capital Lashkargah.	1
Synthes-Stratec's cash payment for Mathys would be financed with cash on hand plus bank borrowings being arranged by Credit Suisse First Boston.	Synthes-Stratec's cash payment for Mathys will be financed with cash on hand plus bank borrowings being arranged by Credit Suisse First Boston.	1
Defense Secretary Donald H. Rumsfeld and others argued that Saddam Hussein possessed chemical and biological weapons and was hiding them.	Donald Rumsfeld and other defense officials argued that Saddam Hussein had chemical and biological weapons. Saddam Hussein was hiding them.	1
The numbers highlight a conundrum: the difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multi-ethnic society.	The numbers highlight a conundrum: the difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multiethnic society.	1
"Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing," he said.	"Kmart needs to drastically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing," he said.	1
"Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing," he said.	"Kmart must dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing," he said.	1
"Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing," he said.	Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing, he said.	1
"Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing," he said.	"Kmart need to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing," he said.	1
"Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing," he said.	Kmart needs to overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing. "Kmart need to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of purchasing, store operations and sourcing," he said.	1
"Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing," he said.	Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing," he said.	1
"Kmart needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing," he said.	Kmart "needs to dramatically overhaul management in the areas of buying, store operations and sourcing", he said.	1
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.	The battle over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.	1
The two cases concerned the admissions policies of the University of Michigan's law school and undergraduate college.	The cases concerned the admissions policies of the University of Michigan's law school and undergraduate college.	1
The two cases concerned the admissions policies of the University of Michigan's law school and undergraduate college.	Both cases concerned the admissions policies of the University of Michigan's law school and undergraduate college.	1
The two cases concerned the admissions policies of the University of Michigan's law school and undergraduate college.	The cases involved admissions policies of the University of Michigan law school and undergraduate college.	1
The two cases concerned the admissions policies of the University of Michigan's law school and undergraduate college.	Both cases concerned admissions policies of the University of Michigan's law school and undergraduate college.	1
The two cases concerned the admissions policies of the University of Michigan's law school and undergraduate college.	The two cases concerned the admissions policy of the University of Michigan's law school and undergraduate college.	1
With the test, Hubbard said, "I believe that we have found the smoking gun.	With the test, Hubbard said, "I believe that we have found the smoking gun."	1
Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.	The body of Charles Scribner was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.	1
Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the central government.	Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to support rebels fighting to topple the central government.	1
Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the central government.	Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the central government fighting.	1
Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the central government.	The Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the central government fighting in Congo.	1
Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the central government.	The Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the central government.	1
Congo's war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the central government.	The war between Congo and Rwanda started in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the central government.	1
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.	Jane Doe: She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.	1
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.	Jane Doe says her lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena. She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.	1
She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.	Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena. She said Jane Doe's lawyers asked Verizon to withhold her name because she was planning on challenging the subpoena.	1
The two men were allegedly trying to engage Russian exiles in Britain in the assassination plot.	The two men were allegedly trying to involve Russian exiles in Britain in the assassination plot.	1
The council comprises 13 Shi'ites, five Sunni Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen.	The council is composed of 13 Shi'ites, five Sunni Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen.	1
The council comprises 13 Shi'ites, five Sunni Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen.	The council comprises 13 Shiaites, five Sunni Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen.	1
The council comprises 13 Shi'ites, five Sunni Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen.	The council is composed of 13 Shi'ites, five Sunnis, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian, and a Turkmen.	1
The council comprises 13 Shi'ites, five Sunni Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen.	The Council includes 13 Shi'ites, five Sunni Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen.	1
The council comprises 13 Shi'ites, five Sunni Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen.	The council of the Shi'ites are made up of 13 Shi'ites, five Sunni Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen.	1
The council comprises 13 Shi'ites, five Sunni Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen.	The council is comprised of 13 Shi'ites, five Sunnis Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen.	1
However, EPA officials would not confirm the 20 percent figure.	As of now, EPA officials do not confirm the 20 percent figure.	1
However, EPA officials would not confirm the 20 percent figure.	EPA officials wouldn't confirm the 20 percent figure.	1
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.	University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed."	1
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.	Mary Sue Coleman, University of Michigan president, said on the campus web site that our values have not changed.	1
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.	University of Michigan president Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed."	1
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.	University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed....	1
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.	University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed. "	1
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.	Mary Sue Coleman, the president of the University of Michigan, said in a statement on the university's Web site that "our fundamental values haven't changed.	1
University of Michigan President Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed.	University of Michigan president Mary Sue Coleman said in a statement on the university's Web site, "Our fundamental values haven't changed. "	1
Eyewitnesses told how Sally, 62, originally from Coatbridge, Lanarkshire, screamed as the escalator collapsed then sucked her in.	Eyewitnesses told how Sally, 62, originally from Coatbridge, Lanarkshire, screamed when the escalator collapsed then sucked her in.	1
The company is working with the ObjectWeb consortium, Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE development community as part of the effort.	As a result the company is working with the ObjectWeb consortium, Apache Software Foundation and Eclipse IDE Development community as part of the effort.	1
The company is working with the ObjectWeb consortium, Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE development community as part of the effort.	The company is working with the ObjectWeb consortium, Apache Software Foundation and Eclipse IDE development community as part of the effort.	1
The company is working with the ObjectWeb consortium, Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE development community as part of the effort.	As part of the effort, the company is working with the ObjectWeb Consortium, Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE development community.	1
A new variant of Blaster also appeared Wednesday and seemed to be spreading, according to antivirus companies.	A new variant of Blaster was released Wednesday and appeared to be spreading according to antivirus companies.	1
A new variant of Blaster also appeared Wednesday and seemed to be spreading, according to antivirus companies.	A new variant of Blaster also appeared Wednesday and seemed to be spreading according to antivirus companies.	1
A new variant of Blaster also appeared Wednesday and seemed to be spreading, according to antivirus companies.	A new variant of antivirus called Blaster also appeared Wednesday and appeared to be spreading, according to antivirus companies.	1
Directed by Jonathan Lynn from a script by Elizabeth Hunter and Saladin K. Patterson.	Directed by Jonathan Lynn and adapted from a story by Elizabeth Hunter and Saladin K. Patterson.	1
The U.N. nuclear watchdog reprimanded Iran on Thursday for failing to comply with its nuclear safeguards obligations and called on Tehran to unconditionally accept stricter inspections by the agency.	The U.N. nuclear watchdog reprimanded Iran on Thursday for failing to comply with its nuclear safeguards obligations. It called on Tehran to unconditionally accept stricter inspections by the agency.	1
The U.N. nuclear watchdog reprimanded Iran on Thursday for failing to comply with its nuclear safeguards obligations and called on Tehran to unconditionally accept stricter inspections by the agency.	U.N. nuclear watchdog reprimanded Iran on Thursday for failing to comply with nuclear safeguards obligations and called on Tehran to unconditionally accept stricter inspections by the agency.	1
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.	She said he persisted and eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.	1
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.	She said he persisted and eventually she let him fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.	1
She said he persisted and she eventually allowed him to fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.	She said he persisted and eventually let him fix her bike while she sat in the front seat of his car.	1
The first products are likely to be dongles costing between US$100 and US$150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.	The first products are likely to be dongles between US$100 and $150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.	1
The first products are likely to be dongles costing between US$100 and US$150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.	The first product is likely to be dongles costing between US$100 and $150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.	1
The first products are likely to be dongles costing between US$100 and US$150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.	The first products are likely to be dongles between US$100 and US$150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.	1
The first products are likely to be dongles costing between US$100 and US$150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.	When the first products are due to be available, they will be dongles costing between US$100 and US$150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.	1
The first products are likely to be dongles costing between US$100 and US$150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.	The first product is likely to be dongles costing between $100 and $150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.	1
The first products are likely to be dongles costing between US$100 and US$150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.	The first products are likely to be dongles between between $100 and 150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.	1
"We have some small opportunities in November and maybe January," Mr. Parsons said optimistically.	"We have some small opportunities in November and maybe January," Mr Parsons said optimistically.	1
"We have some small opportunities in November and maybe January," Mr. Parsons said optimistically.	I see small opportunities in November and maybe January, Mr. Parsons said optimistically.	1
Tidmarsh will compete in today's third round.	Tidmarsh will compete in third round today.	1
Foam flaking off from all over the tank left dozens of pockmarks each flight on the thermal tiles that cover much of the shuttle, Turcotte said.	Foam flaking off from all over the tank leaves dozens of pockmarks each flight on the thermal tiles that cover much of the shuttle, Turcotte said.	1
Foam flaking off from all over the tank left dozens of pockmarks each flight on the thermal tiles that cover much of the shuttle, Turcotte said.	Foam pockmarking all over the tank left dozens of pockmarks each flight on the thermal tiles that cover much of the shuttle, Turcotte said.	1
Mr Eddington described Monday's talks with union leaders as "sensible".	Mr Eddington described Monday's negotiations with union leaders as "sensible".	1
Mr Eddington described Monday's talks with union leaders as "sensible".	Mr Eddington said the talks with union leaders on Monday were "sensible".	1
Mr Eddington described Monday's talks with union leaders as "sensible".	Mr Eddington said Monday's talks with union leaders were "sensible".	1
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.	Vaccine maker have been thrust into the limelight as government programs to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.	1
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.	Vaccine makers are thrust into the limelight as government programs to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.	1
During the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share.	In the same quarter last year, EDS declared a profit of $354 million, or 72 cents per share.	1
ICANN has criticised the changes and asked VeriSign to voluntarily suspend them.	Icnan has criticized the changes and asked VeriSign to voluntarily suspend them.	1
ICANN has criticised the changes and asked VeriSign to voluntarily suspend them.	ICANN has criticised the change and asked VeriSign to voluntarily suspend them.	1
ICANN has criticised the changes and asked VeriSign to voluntarily suspend them.	The ICANN has criticised the changes and asked VeriSign to voluntarily suspend them.	1
ICANN has criticised the changes and asked VeriSign to voluntarily suspend them.	ICANN has condemned the changes and asked VeriSign to voluntarily suspend them.	1
"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation."	The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation."	1
"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation."	The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation.	1
"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation."	"The release is the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation".	1
"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation."	"The release is the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation."	1
"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation."	"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation".	1
"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation."	"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national reconciliation."	1
"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation."	"The release is the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation"	1
"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation."	"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation"	1
"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation."	"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation.	1
"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation."	Myanmar: The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation.	1
"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation."	"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation," the release said.	1
Bremer will focus on the politics, Garner said, adding that he expects Bremer to arrive in Iraq by next week.	Bremer will focus on politics, Garner said, adding that he expects Bremer to arrive in Iraq by next week.	1
Bremer will focus on the politics, Garner said, adding that he expects Bremer to arrive in Iraq by next week.	"Bremer will focus on the politics, Garner said, adding that he expects Bremer to arrive in Iraq by next week," Garner said.	1
Bremer will focus on the politics, Garner said, adding that he expects Bremer to arrive in Iraq by next week.	Garner said Bremer will focus on the politics. Bremer is expected to arrive in Iraq by next week.	1
Bremer will focus on the politics, Garner said, adding that he expects Bremer to arrive in Iraq by next week.	Garner said Bremer will focus on the politics, adding that he expects Bremer to arrive in Iraq by next week.	1
Bremer will focus on the politics, Garner said, adding that he expects Bremer to arrive in Iraq by next week.	Bremer will focus on politics, Garner said. Garner added that he expects Bremer to arrive in Iraq by next week.	1
Bremer will focus on the politics, Garner said, adding that he expects Bremer to arrive in Iraq by next week.	Garner said Bremer will focus on politics, adding that he expects Bremer to arrive in Iraq by next week.	1
The family stopped for lunch at Freshwater Spit, where several children went to the water's edge to play in the surf shortly after noon.	After noon, the family stopped to take lunch at Freshwater Spit, where several children went to the water's edge to play in the surf shortly after noon.	1
The family stopped for lunch at Freshwater Spit, where several children went to the water's edge to play in the surf shortly after noon.	The family stopped for lunch at Freshwater Spit, where several children went to play in the surf shortly after noon.	1
The family stopped for lunch at Freshwater Spit, where several children went to the water's edge to play in the surf shortly after noon.	When the family stopped for lunch at Freshwater Spit, where several children went to the water's edge to play in the surf shortly after noon.	1
The family stopped for lunch at Freshwater Spit, where several children went to the water's edge to play in the surf shortly after noon.	What happened at Freshwater Spit? The family stopped for lunch at Freshwater Spit, where several children went to the water's edge to play in the surf shortly after noon.	1
Island Def Jam must pay $52 million in punitive damages, and Cohen must pay the remaining $56 million, the jury said.	Island Def Jam has to pay $52 million in punitive damages, and Cohen has to pay the remaining $56 million, the jury said.	1
Island Def Jam must pay $52 million in punitive damages, and Cohen must pay the remaining $56 million, the jury said.	Island Def Jam should pay $52 million in punitive damages, while Cohen must pay $56 million, the jury said.	1
Island Def Jam must pay $52 million in punitive damages, and Cohen must pay the remaining $56 million, the jury said.	Island Def Jam must pay $52 million in punitive damages and Cohen must pay the remaining $56 million, the jury said.	1
Island Def Jam must pay $52 million in punitive damages, and Cohen must pay the remaining $56 million, the jury said.	Island Def Jam has been ordered to pay $52 million in punitive damages, and Cohen has been ordered to pay the remaining $56 million, the jury said.	1
However, Lapidus expects foreign brands' sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co.	On the other hand, Lapidus expects foreign brands' sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co.	1
However, Lapidus expects foreign brands' sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co.	At this time, Lapidus expects foreign brands' sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co.	1
However, Lapidus expects foreign brands' sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co.	Overall, Lapidus expects foreign brands' sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co.	1
However, Lapidus expects foreign brands' sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co.	Although, Lapidus expects foreign brands' sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co.	1
However, Lapidus expects foreign brands' sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co.	Nevertheless, Lapidus expects foreign brands' sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co.	1
However, Lapidus expects foreign brands' sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co.	Lapidus expects foreign brands' sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co.	1
However, Lapidus expects foreign brands' sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co.	To be honest, Lapidus expects foreign brands' sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co.	1
Without going into specifics, Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs.	Not going into detail, Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs.	1
Without going into specifics, Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs.	Unable to go into detail, Oracle management noted that peopleSoft's 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs.	1
Without going into specifics, Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs.	Without going into details, Oracle managers also indicated that peoplesoft's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs.	1
"I am happy to be here in the United States, far away from the clutches of the tyrant Castro," Wilson said through a Spanish interpreter.	"I am glad to be here in the United States, far away from the clutches of the tyrant Castro," Wilson said through a Spanish interpreter.	1
"I am happy to be here in the United States, far away from the clutches of the tyrant Castro," Wilson said through a Spanish interpreter.	"I am happy to be here in the United States, far away from the clutches of the tyrant Castro," Wilson said through a Spanish translator.	1
"I am happy to be here in the United States, far away from the clutches of the tyrant Castro," Wilson said through a Spanish interpreter.	I am happy to be here in the United States, far away from the clutches of the tyrant Castro," Wilson said through a Spanish interpreter.	1
"I am happy to be here in the United States, far away from the clutches of the tyrant Castro," Wilson said through a Spanish interpreter.	I am happy to be here in the United States, far away from the clutches of the tyrant Castro," Wilson said through a Spanish translator.	1
Michel, who remains in the government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move.	Michel, who remains in government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move.	1
Michel, who remains in the government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move.	Michel, who remains in the government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's decision.	1
Michel, who remains in the government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move.	Michel, who remained in the government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move.	1
Michel, who remains in the government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move.	Michel, who is still in government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move.	1
Michel, who remains in the government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move.	Michel, who is still in the government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move.	1
Michel, who remains in the government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move.	Michel, who has remained in the government, denies that US pressure had provoked the government's move.	1
Michel, who remains in the government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move.	Michel remains in government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move.	1
Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.	Excluding one time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.	1
Excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.	In excluding one-time items, the company enjoyed a profit of 6 cents a share.	1
In January 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies.	In January 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift, posed underneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies.	1
In January 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies.	In January 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies.	1
In January 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies.	In January 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop a Manhattan snowdrift, posed underneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies.	1
In January 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies.	In January 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised "Frozen Fantasies"	1
In January 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies.	In January 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop a Manhattan snowdrift, posing under an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies.	1
In January 1996, two of his nude models were arrested atop of a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies.	In January 1996, two nude models of his nude models were arrested atop a Manhattan snowdrift, posed beneath an ice-cream parlor sign that advertised Frozen Fantasies.	1
Lakhani was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to a terrorist group and acting as an arms broker without a license.	The lakhani was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to a terrorist group and acting as an arms broker without a license.	1
Lakhani was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to a terrorist group and acting as an arms broker without a license.	Lalakhani was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to a terrorist group and acting as an arms broker without a license.	1
Lakhani was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to a terrorist group and acting as an arms broker without a license.	Moreover, Lakhani is charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to a terrorist group and acting as an arms broker without a license.	1
Lakhani was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to a terrorist group and acting as an arms broker without a license.	Accused of attempting to provide material support and resources to a terrorist group, Lakhani was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to a terrorist group and acting as an arms broker without a license.	1
General Motors Corp. posted a record 8.4 percent improvement in 2000.	General Motors reported a record 8.4 percent improvement in 2000.	1
Woodley, who underwent a liver transplant in 1992, died of liver and kidney failure.	Woodley, who underwent a liver transplant in 1992, died of kidney failure and liver failure.	1
Woodley, who underwent a liver transplant in 1992, died of liver and kidney failure.	Woodley died of kidney failure. He had a liver transplant in 1992.	1
Woodley, who underwent a liver transplant in 1992, died of liver and kidney failure.	Woodley died of kidney failure after a liver transplant in 1992.	1
Woodley, who underwent a liver transplant in 1992, died of liver and kidney failure.	Woodley died of liver and kidney failure after undergoing a liver transplant in 1992.	1
Her detention brings to 19 the number of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis now in US custody.	She detention brings to 19 the number of the 55 most wanted Iraqis now in US custody.	1
Her detention brings to 19 the number of the 55 most-wanted Iraqis now in US custody.	Her detention brings to 19 the number of the 55 most wanted Iraqis now in US custody.	1
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.	Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didn't.	1
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.	Just 5 months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.	1
"Contrary to the court's decision, we firmly believe Congress gave the FTC authority to implement the national Do Not Call list.	"Contrary to court's decision, we firmly believe Congress gave the FTC authority to implement the national Do Not Call List.	1
"Contrary to the court's decision, we firmly believe Congress gave the FTC authority to implement the national Do Not Call list.	Contrary to the court's decision, we firmly believe Congress gave the FTC authority to implement the National Do Not Call List."	1
"Contrary to the court's decision, we firmly believe Congress gave the FTC authority to implement the national Do Not Call list.	"Contrary to the court's decision, we firmly believe Congress gave the FTC authority to implement the national do not call list."	1
Some of the computers also are used to send spam e-mail messages to drum up traffic to the sites.	Some computers also use to send spam e-mail messages to drum up traffic to the sites.	1
It also faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty, and threatens serious damage to the company's business, he added.	It also faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty, and threatens serious damage to the company's business, he said.	1
It also faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty, and threatens serious damage to the company's business, he added.	And the company is facing significant regulatory delays and uncertainty, and threatens serious damage to the company's business, he added.	1
Mason said al-Amoudi was arrested at Dulles International Airport on Sunday as he came into the country.	Mason said al Amoudi was arrested at Dulles International Airport on Sunday as he came into the country.	1
Mason said al-Amoudi was arrested at Dulles International Airport on Sunday as he came into the country.	Mason says al-Amanoubi was arrested at Dulles International Airport on Sunday as he came into the country.	1
I never thought I'd write these words, but here goes: I miss Vin Diesel.	I never thought I would write this thing myself but here goes: I miss Vin Diesel.	1
I never thought I'd write these words, but here goes: I miss Vin Diesel.	I never thought I would write these words, but here goes: I miss Vin Diesel.	1
I never thought I'd write these words, but here goes: I miss Vin Diesel.	I never thought I'd write these words but here goes: I miss Vin Diesel.	1
I never thought I'd write these words, but here goes: I miss Vin Diesel.	I can't believe I have written these words, but here goes: I miss Vin Diesel.	1
I never thought I'd write these words, but here goes: I miss Vin Diesel.	I have never thought I'd write these words, but here goes: I miss Vin Diesel.	1
I never thought I'd write these words, but here goes: I miss Vin Diesel.	I don't think I'll write a sentence like this, but here goes: I miss Vin Diesel.	1
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.	The report ranked 45 major companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.	1
The report ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.	In the report, the ranked 45 large companies based on employment, marketing, procurement, community reinvestment and charitable donations.	1
A view of the devastation left behind when a man drove his car through a crowded farmers market in Santa Monica on Wednesday.	A view of the devastation left behind by a man driving his car through a crowded farmers market in Santa Monica on Wednesday.	1
An amendment to remove the exemption for the state-sanctioned sites failed on a much closer 237-186 vote.	Amendment to eliminate exemption for state-sanctioned sites failed on a much closer 237-186 vote.	1
An amendment to remove the exemption for the state-sanctioned sites failed on a much closer 237-186 vote.	An amendment to remove the exemption for state-sanctioned sites failed on a much closer 237-186 vote.	1
An amendment to remove the exemption for the state-sanctioned sites failed on a much closer 237-186 vote.	The amendment to remove the exemption for the state-sanctioned sites failed on a much closer 237-186 vote.	1
An amendment to remove the exemption for the state-sanctioned sites failed on a much closer 237-186 vote.	The amendment to remove the exemption for state-sanctioned sites failed on a much closer 237-186 vote.	1
The AP quotes a local policeman as saying the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during a demonstration yesterday in the town of Majar Al-Kabir.	The AP quoted a local policeman as saying the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during a demonstration yesterday in the town of Majar Al-Kabir.	1
The AP quotes a local policeman as saying the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during a demonstration yesterday in the town of Majar Al-Kabir.	The AP quoted a local policeman as saying the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during a demonstration yesterday in Majar Al-Kabir.	1
The AP quotes a local policeman as saying the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during a demonstration yesterday in the town of Majar Al-Kabir.	The AP quotes a local policeman as saying the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during a demonstration yesterday in Majar Al-Kabir.	1
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda".	Baer said lawyers for the two victims have shown, albeit barely... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda."	1
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda".	Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims have shown, albeit barely... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda".	1
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda".	Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda".	1
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda".	Baer said that his conclusion that he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims have shown, albeit barely... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda".	1
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda".	Baer said that lawyers for the two victims have shown, albeit barely, that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda".	1
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior "was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees."	Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior "was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees."	1
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior "was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees."	Michael Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior was "a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees".	1
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior "was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees."	Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior was "a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees."	1
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior "was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees."	Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees.	1
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior "was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees."	Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg yesterday said that the men's behavior was "a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees."	1
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior "was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees."	Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior was "a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees."	1
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior "was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees."	Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees.	1
Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior "was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees."	Michael Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior "was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees."	1
Right now, only six states do: Arkansas, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, Virginia, and Wisconsin.	As of right now, only six states do. Arkansas, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, Virginia, and Wisconsin.	1
Right now, only six states do: Arkansas, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, Virginia, and Wisconsin.	Currently, only six states do: Arkansas, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, Virginia, and Wisconsin.	1
Right now, only six states do: Arkansas, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, Virginia, and Wisconsin.	Right now, only six states are doing it: Arkansas, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, Virginia, and Wisconsin.	1
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.	Whereas Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's fight for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.	1
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.	The Indonesian military has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's fight for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing violations.	1
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.	Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, accusations it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.	1
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.	Indonesian Army has frequently been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing committing rights violations.	1
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.	Indonesian army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing separatists of committing rights violations.	1
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.	While Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing committing human rights violations.	1
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.	Indonesian army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.	1
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.	The Indonesian army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing human rights violations.	1
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.	Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing separatists of committing human rights violations.	1
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.	Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing committing rights violations.	1
Mr. Brendsel is expected to remain with the Freddie Mac Foundation.	Mr. Brendsel should remain with the Freddie Mac Foundation.	1
Mr. Brendsel is expected to remain with the Freddie Mac Foundation.	Mr. Brendsel is expected to stay with the Freddie Mac Foundation.	1
Mr. Brendsel is expected to remain with the Freddie Mac Foundation.	Mr. Brendsel will continue to work for the Freddie Mac Foundation.	1
Mr. Brendsel is expected to remain with the Freddie Mac Foundation.	Mr. Brendsel will remain with Freddie Mac Foundation.	1
They also are reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere, as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firms and with others.	They are also reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere, as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firms and with others.	1
They also are reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere, as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firms and with others.	They are reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere, as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firms and with others.	1
They also are reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere, as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firms and with others.	They are also reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere, as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firm and with others.	1
They also are reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere, as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firms and with others.	They also are reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere, as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firm and with others.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.	The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.	The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2. percent, to 1,826.33 after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index (Nasdaq-IXIC) rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index (Nasdaq Index.IXIC) rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33 after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index (Nasdaq Composite).IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.	1
Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.	Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment bank guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.	1
Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.	Frank Quattrone, a former Credit Suisse First Boston tech investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.	1
It is the fifth such election in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south.	In Iraq, it is the fifth such election, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south.	1
It is the fifth such election in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south.	This is the fifth such election in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south.	1
It is the fifth such election in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south.	It is the fifth such elections in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in the south.	1
It is the fifth such election in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south.	It is the fifth such elections in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south.	1
It is the fifth such election in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south.	Is this the fifth election of this kind in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south?	1
It is the fifth such election in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south.	Is it the fifth election of this nature in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south?	1
It is the fifth such election in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south.	Is it the fifth election of this kind in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south?	1
It said a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission is expected as well.	"It said a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission is expected as well."	1
"This individual's lawyers are trying to obtain from the court a free pass to download or upload music online illegally."	This individual's lawyers are trying to obtain from the court a free pass to download or upload music online illegally."	1
"This individual's lawyers are trying to obtain from the court a free pass to download or upload music online illegally."	"This individual's lawyers are trying to obtain from the court a free pass to download or upload music online illegally"	1
"This individual's lawyers are trying to obtain from the court a free pass to download or upload music online illegally."	"The individual's lawyers are trying to obtain from the court a free pass to download or upload music online illegally."	1
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 26/32, taking its yield to 4.17 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR has firmed 26/32, taking its yield to 4.17 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.	1
The shooter ran away, police said, eluding an officer who gave chase.	The shooter fled, police said, eluding an officer who gave chase.	1
The shooter ran away, police said, eluding an officer who gave chase.	The shooter ran away, police said. He eluded an officer who gave chase.	1
The shooter ran away, police said, eluding an officer who gave chase.	When the gunman ran away, police said, eluding an officer who gave chase.	1
The shooter ran away, police said, eluding an officer who gave chase.	What happened? The shooter ran away, police said, eluding an officer who gave chase.	1
But SCO has hit back, saying: "We view IBM's counterclaim filing today as an effort to distract attention from its flawed Linux business model.	IBM's counterclaim filed today as an effort to distract attention from its flawed Linux business model." But SCO hit back, saying: "We view IBM's counterclaim filing today as an effort to distract attention from its flawed Linux business model.	1
But SCO has hit back, saying: "We view IBM's counterclaim filing today as an effort to distract attention from its flawed Linux business model.	Soc has hit back, saying: "We view IBM's counterclaim filing today as an effort to distract attention from its flawed Linux business model."	1
Helicopters hovered over al-Khalidiya into the early hours of Sunday.	Helicopters hovered over al-Khalifiya into the early hours of Sunday.	1
Helicopters hovered over al-Khalidiya into the early hours of Sunday.	Helicopters hovered over al-Khalidiya until the early hours of Sunday.	1
Helicopters hovered over al-Khalidiya into the early hours of Sunday.	Helicopters hovered over al-Khalidiya through the early hours of Sunday.	1
Helicopters hovered over al-Khalidiya into the early hours of Sunday.	Helicopters hovered over Al-Khalidiya during the early hours of Sunday.	1
Helicopters hovered over al-Khalidiya into the early hours of Sunday.	Helicopters hovered over Al-Khaliya into the early hours of Sunday.	1
Helicopters hovered over al-Khalidiya into the early hours of Sunday.	Helicopters hovered over al-Khalidiya in the early hours of Sunday.	1
If Walker appeals Parrish's ruling, it would stop the extradition process and could take several months, Rork said.	If Walker appeals Parrish's decision it would stop the extradition process and could take several months, Rork said.	1
If Walker appeals Parrish's ruling, it would stop the extradition process and could take several months, Rork said.	If Walker appeals the Parrish ruling, it would stop the extradition process and could take several months, Rork said.	1
If Walker appeals Parrish's ruling, it would stop the extradition process and could take several months, Rork said.	If Walker appeals Parrish's decision, it would stop the extradition process and could take several months, Rork said.	1
If Walker appeals Parrish's ruling, it would stop the extradition process and could take several months, Rork said.	If Walker appeals the Parrish decision, it would stop the extradition process and could take several months, Rork said.	1
Boykin’s also referred to Islamist fighters as America’s “spiritual enemy” that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”.	Boykin referred to Islamist fighters as America’s “spiritual enemy” that “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”.	1
Boykin’s also referred to Islamist fighters as America’s “spiritual enemy” that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”.	Boykin’s called Islamist fighters as America’s “spiritual enemy” that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”.	1
Boykin’s also referred to Islamist fighters as America’s “spiritual enemy” that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”.	Boykin’s also referred to Islamist fighters as America’s spiritual enemy that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”.	1
Boykin’s also referred to Islamist fighters as America’s “spiritual enemy” that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”.	Boykin's also referred to Islamist fighters as America’s Spiritual enemy that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”.	1
Boykin’s also referred to Islamist fighters as America’s “spiritual enemy” that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”.	Boykin’s also referred to Islamist fighters as “America’s spiritual enemy”, that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”.	1
Boykin’s also referred to Islamist fighters as America’s “spiritual enemy” that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”.	Boykin’s also called Islamist fighters America’s “spiritual enemy” that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”.	1
Boykin’s also referred to Islamist fighters as America’s “spiritual enemy” that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”.	Boykin's also referred to Islamist fighters as America’s spiritual enemy that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”.	1
The first vulnerability is a buffer overrun that results from IE's failure to properly determine an object type returned from a Web server.	The first vulnerability is a buffer overrun that result from IE's failure to properly determine an object type returned from a Web server.	1
"To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing, we are not co-mingling appropriated and non-appropriated funds (from Congress)," said Faletti.	In order to avoid any perception of wrongdoing, we are not co-mingling appropriated and non-appropriated funds (from Congress)," said Faletti.	1
"To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing, we are not co-mingling appropriated and non-appropriated funds (from Congress)," said Faletti.	To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing, we are not co-mingling appropriated and non-appropriated funds (from Congress)" said Faletti.	1
In Falluja on Thursday, two grenades were thrown at soldiers from the Third Armored Cavalry Regiment, wounding seven.	In Falluja on Thursday, two grenades were thrown at soldiers from the Third Armored Cavalry Regiment wounding seven.	1
In Falluja on Thursday, two grenades were thrown at soldiers from the Third Armored Cavalry Regiment, wounding seven.	Two grenades were thrown at soldiers from the Third Armored Cavalry Regiment in Falluja on Thursday, wounding seven.	1
In Falluja on Thursday, two grenades were thrown at soldiers from the Third Armored Cavalry Regiment, wounding seven.	In Falluja, on Thursday, two grenades were thrown at soldiers from the Third Armored Cavalry Regiment, wounding seven.	1
Prince Saud said, "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001."	Prince Saud said: "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001."	1
Prince Saud said, "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001."	Prince Saud said the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia had been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001."	1
Prince Saud said, "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001."	Prince Saud said Saudi Arabia "has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001."	1
Prince Saud said, "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001."	Prince Saud said: "The kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001."	1
Prince Saud said, "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001."	Prince Saud: "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001."	1
"If the voluntary reliability standards were complied with, we wouldn't have had a problem."	If the voluntary reliability standards were complied with, we wouldn't have had a problem."	1
"If the voluntary reliability standards were complied with, we wouldn't have had a problem."	If the voluntary reliability standards were complied with, we wouldn't have had a problem.	1
China accounted for about 14 percent of Motorola's sales last year, and the company has large manufacturing operations there.	Motorola Inc.: China accounted for about 14 percent of Motorola's sales last year, and the company has large manufacturing operations there.	1
China accounted for about 14 percent of Motorola's sales last year, and the company has large manufacturing operations there.	Motorola's manufacturing operations are in China. China accounted for about 14 percent of Motorola's sales last year, and the company has large manufacturing operations there.	1
China accounted for about 14 percent of Motorola's sales last year, and the company has large manufacturing operations there.	Motorola in China accounted for about 14 percent of Motorola's sales last year, and the company has large manufacturing operations there.	1
China accounted for about 14 percent of Motorola's sales last year, and the company has large manufacturing operations there.	Motorola said China accounted for about 14 percent of Motorola's sales last year, and the company has large manufacturing operations there.	1
China accounted for about 14 percent of Motorola's sales last year, and the company has large manufacturing operations there.	Motorola says that China accounted for about 14 percent of Motorola's sales last year, and that the company has large manufacturing operations there.	1
China accounted for about 14 percent of Motorola's sales last year, and the company has large manufacturing operations there.	Motorola's sales in China were about 14 percent last year, and the company has large manufacturing operations there.	1
Bush also hoped to polish his anti-AIDS credentials in Uganda, which has been hailed as an African pioneer in fighting the killer disease.	Bush has promised to polish his anti-AIDS credentials in Uganda, which is hailed as an African pioneer in fighting the deadly disease.	1
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.	Founded in 1996, LendingTree Exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.	1
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.	Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, brokers, and brokers.	1
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.	Established in 1996, LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.	1
Houston fourth-graders also performed similarly to national peers in writing.	Houston fourth graders also performed similarly to national peers in writing.	1
Houston fourth-graders also performed similarly to national peers in writing.	Houston fourth-graders also performed similar to national peers in writing.	1
If achieved it would represent an increase of 10 per cent from the same quarter a year ago.	If achieved it would represent a rise of 10 per cent from the same quarter a year ago.	1
If achieved it would represent an increase of 10 per cent from the same quarter a year ago.	If achieved it would represent a growth of 10 per cent from the same quarter a year ago.	1
It cut taxes while balancing the budget for three years and reduced Europe's second highest per capita national debt.	It slashed taxes and balancing the budget for three years and reduced the second highest per capita national debt in the EU.	1
It cut taxes while balancing the budget for three years and reduced Europe's second highest per capita national debt.	It cuts taxes and balances the budget for three years and reduces Europe's second highest per capita national debt.	1
It cut taxes while balancing the budget for three years and reduced Europe's second highest per capita national debt.	It cut taxes while balancing the budget for three years and reduced the EU's second highest per capita national debt.	1
It cut taxes while balancing the budget for three years and reduced Europe's second highest per capita national debt.	It cuts taxes while balancing the budget for three years and reduces Europe's second highest per capita national debt.	1
"We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested."	"We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested"	1
"We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested."	We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested."	1
"We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested."	"We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested.	1
"We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested."	We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested. "	1
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	We don't know if there will be any SARS in Ontario," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	1
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	"We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	1
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	We don't know if anyone will be affected by SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	1
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	"We don't know if there will be a SARS outbreak," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	1
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	We don't know if there is SARS, said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	1
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	"We don't know if there will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	1
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.	We need to get a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.	1
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.	We need a certifiable pay as you go budget in mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.	1
In 1995, Schwarzenegger expanded the program nationwide to serve 200,000 children in 15 cities, most who come from housing projects or homeless shelters.	In 1995 Schwarzenegger expanded the program nationwide to serve 200,000 children in 15 cities, most who come from housing projects or homeless shelters.	1
In 1995, Schwarzenegger expanded the program nationwide to serve 200,000 children in 15 cities, most who come from housing projects or homeless shelters.	In 1995, Schwarzenegger expanded the program nationwide to serve 200,000 children in 15 cities, mostly who come from housing projects or homeless shelters.	1
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.	Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations to patrol and intelligence gathering missions.	1
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.	Later this year, the command will send trainers with troops from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.	1
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.	Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations to do patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.	1
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.	Later this year the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.	1
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.	The command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations to observe and provide intelligence gathering and patrolling missions later this year.	1
Later this year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.	Later in the year, the command will send trainers with soldiers from four North African nations on patrolling and intelligence gathering missions.	1
Except for a few archaic characteristics, they are as recognizable as Hamlet's poor Yorick.	Despite being somewhat archaic, they are as recognizable as Hamlet's poor Yorick.	1
Except for a few archaic characteristics, they are as recognizable as Hamlet's poor Yorick.	Except for a few archaic characteristics, these characters are as recognizable as Hamlet's poor Yorick.	1
Except for a few archaic characteristics, they are as recognizable as Hamlet's poor Yorick.	Except for some archaic characteristics, they are as recognizable as Hamlet's poor Yorick.	1
He is a brother to three-year-old Mia, from Kate's first marriage, to film producer Jim Threapleton.	He's brother to three-year-old Mia, from Kate's first marriage, to Film Producer Jim Threapleton.	1
Only two other countries, Germany and the Dominican Republic, have publicly expressed reservations, and Germany has since said it will sign it.	Only two other countries, Germany and Dominican Republic, have publicly expressed reservations, and Germany has since said it will sign it.	1
Only two other countries, Germany and the Dominican Republic, have publicly expressed reservations, and Germany has since said it will sign it.	Only two other countries, the Dominican Republic and Germany, have publicly expressed reservations and Germany has since said it will sign it.	1
Only two other countries, Germany and the Dominican Republic, have publicly expressed reservations, and Germany has since said it will sign it.	Only two countries, Germany and the Dominican Republic, have publicly expressed reservations, and Germany has since said it will sign it.	1
Only two other countries, Germany and the Dominican Republic, have publicly expressed reservations, and Germany has since said it will sign it.	Only two countries, Germany and the Dominican Republic, have publicly expressed reservations. Germany has since said it will sign it.	1
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.	The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorney's fees and expenses.	1
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.	Settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.	1
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.	In terms of settlement costs, the settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.	1
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.	The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorney fees and expenses.	1
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.	This settlement includes $4.1 million in attorney's fees and expenses.	1
The settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.	In total, the settlement includes $4.1 million in attorneys' fees and expenses.	1
It reports a mailing list of 50,000 and support from about 500 congregations and 50 bishops.	On a mailing list of about 50,000, it reports a mailing list of 50,000 and support from about 500 congregations and 50 bishops.	1
It reports a mailing list of 50,000 and support from about 500 congregations and 50 bishops.	They reported a mailing list of 50,000 and support from about 500 congregations and 50 bishops.	1
Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there," Reuters reports Langone as saying.	"Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there," Reuters reports Langone as saying.	1
Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there," Reuters reports Langone as saying.	Dick will be there as long as Dick wants to be there" Langone reports Reuters as saying.	1
Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there," Reuters reports Langone as saying.	Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there, "Reuters reports Langone as saying.	1
Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there," Reuters reports Langone as saying.	Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there" Reuters reports Langone as saying.	1
Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there," Reuters reports Langone as saying.	"The Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there," Reuters reports Langone as saying.	1
The state has received 19 entries in a competition for a World Trade Center Memorial and is working with families of victims to select a winner.	The state has received 19 entries in a competition for the World Trade Center Memorial and is working with families of victims to select a winner.	1
However, John Clare, chief executive of the Dixons Group, expressed his disappointment.	John Clare, chief executive of the Dixons Group, expressed his disappointment.	1
However, John Clare, chief executive of the Dixons Group, expressed his disappointment.	John Clare, CEO of Dixons Group, expressed his disappointment.	1
However, John Clare, chief executive of the Dixons Group, expressed his disappointment.	In fact, John Clare, chief executive of the Dixons Group, expressed his disappointment.	1
"The same three Response Team members also met with Monsignor Grass, who while manifestly repentant, admitted that the allegations were true.	"The same three Response Team members also met with Monsignor Grass, who although manifestly repentant, admitted that the allegations were true."	1
"The same three Response Team members also met with Monsignor Grass, who while manifestly repentant, admitted that the allegations were true.	"The same three Response Team members also met with Monsignor Grass, who while manifestly repentant, admitted that the allegations were true. "	1
"The same three Response Team members also met with Monsignor Grass, who while manifestly repentant, admitted that the allegations were true.	"The same three Response Team members also met with Monsignor Grass, who while manifestly repentant admitted that the allegations were true.	1
"The same three Response Team members also met with Monsignor Grass, who while manifestly repentant, admitted that the allegations were true.	"The same three Response Team members also met with Monsignor Grass, who while manifestly repentant, admitted that the allegations were true."	1
"The same three Response Team members also met with Monsignor Grass, who while manifestly repentant, admitted that the allegations were true.	The same three response team members also met with Monsignor Grass, who while manifestly repentant, admitted that the allegations were true.	1
U.S. manufacturing growth expanded for the third straight month in September but at a slower pace, according to a report released shortly after the opening bell.	US manufacturing growth expanded for the third straight month in September but at a slower pace, according to a report released shortly after the opening bell.	1
Microsoft has described the technology as "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."	Microsoft described the technology as "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn".	1
Microsoft has described the technology as "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."	Microsoft said the technology is "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."	1
Microsoft has described the technology as "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."	Microsoft has described the technology as "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn".	1
Microsoft has described the technology as "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."	Microsoft describes its technology as a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn.	1
Microsoft has described the technology as "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."	Microsoft says the technology is "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn"	1
Microsoft has described the technology as "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."	Microsoft described the technology as "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."	1
Microsoft has described the technology as "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."	Microsoft says the technology is "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn".	1
Microsoft has described the technology as "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."	Microsoft describes the technology as "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."	1
Microsoft has described the technology as "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."	Microsoft describes the technology as "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn".	1
But for more than a century, an untold amount of money intended for some of the nation's poorest residents was lost, stolen or never collected.	For more than a century, an untold amount of money intended for some of the nation's poorest residents was lost, stolen or never collected.	1
But for more than a century, an untold amount of money intended for some of the nation's poorest residents was lost, stolen or never collected.	For over a century, an untold amount of money intended for some of the nation's poorest residents was lost, stolen or never collected.	1
But for more than a century, an untold amount of money intended for some of the nation's poorest residents was lost, stolen or never collected.	For more than a century, untold amounts of money intended for some of the nation's poorest residents was lost, stolen or never collected.	1
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.	There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA compared to 70 cases on June 6.	1
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.	There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6th.	1
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.	In the GTA, there are now 37 active probable cases, compared with 70 cases on June 6.	1
There are now 37 active probable cases in the GTA, compared with 70 cases on June 6.	The GTA has 37 active probable cases, compared with 70 cases on June 6.	1
"It should have reported that it was sailing with an atomic bomb cargo," Anomeritis said, referring to the quantity of explosives on board.	"It should have reported that it was sailing with an atomic bomb cargo," Anomeritis said, referring to the quantity of explosives on board. "It should have reported that it was sailing with an atomic bomb cargo."	1
The Aspen Fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by today on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.	Aspen Fire burned more than 12,400 acres by today on Mount Lemmon, just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.	1
The Aspen Fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by today on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.	Aspen Fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by today on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.	1
The Aspen Fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by today on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.	By today, the Aspen Fire had charred more than 12,400 acres on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson, and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.	1
He served as a marine in the Second World War and afterward began submitting articles to magazines.	He served as a marine during the Second World War and later began submitting articles to magazines.	1
In Taiwan, the capital's mayor and other officials handed out free thermometers in a islandwide ``take-your-temperature'' campaign Sunday, amid evidence that containment efforts were also paying off.	In Taiwan, the capital's mayor and other officials handed out free thermometers in a islandwide take-your-temperature'' campaign Sunday, amid evidence that containment efforts were also paying off.	1
In Taiwan, the capital's mayor and other officials handed out free thermometers in a islandwide ``take-your-temperature'' campaign Sunday, amid evidence that containment efforts were also paying off.	In Taiwan, the capital's mayor and other officials gave out free thermometers in a islandwide take-your-temperature'' campaign Sunday, amid evidence that containment efforts were also paying off.	1
In Taiwan, the capital's mayor and other officials handed out free thermometers in a islandwide ``take-your-temperature'' campaign Sunday, amid evidence that containment efforts were also paying off.	In Taiwan, the capital's mayor and other officials handed out free thermometers in a islandwide take your temperature'' campaign Sunday, amid evidence that containment efforts were also paying off.	1
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.	Lawtey is not the first faith-based prison system in Florida.	1
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.	Lawtey is not the first faith-based prison program in Florida's prison system.	1
The reports helped overcome investor jitters after the euro briefly hit an all-time high against the dollar Tuesday.	The report helped overcome investor jitters after the euro briefly hit an all-time high against the dollar Tuesday.	1
The reports helped overcome investor jitters after the euro briefly hit an all-time high against the dollar Tuesday.	The news helped overcome investor jitters after the euro briefly hit an all-time high against the dollar Tuesday.	1
Negotiators talked with the boy for about an hour and a half, Bragdon said.	Negotiators talk with the boy for about a half hour, Bragdon said.	1
"If draining the ponds in Maryland will help further establish [his] innocence, we welcome it.	If draining the ponds in Maryland will help further establish [his] innocence, we welcome it.	1
"If draining the ponds in Maryland will help further establish [his] innocence, we welcome it.	If draining the ponds in Maryland will help further establish [his] innocence, we welcome it."	1
"If draining the ponds in Maryland will help further establish [his] innocence, we welcome it.	If draining the ponds in Maryland will help further establish his innocence, we welcome it.	1
"If draining the ponds in Maryland will help further establish [his] innocence, we welcome it.	If draining the ponds in Maryland will help further establish[his] innocence, we welcome it.	1
But Cruz resembled a police sketch of the suspect and had injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with the girl's mother, Lansdowne said.	But Cruz resembled a police sketch of the suspect and had injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with the girl's mother, Lansdowne said. Cruz's injuries consistent with what officers expected from the struggle he had with the girl's mother, Lansdowne said.	1
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.	Was passed in 1999, but never implemented, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.	1
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.	By passing the law in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.	1
A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.	A number below 50 indicates contraction of the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.	1
A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.	A number below 50 indicates contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.	1
A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.	A number below 50 indicates contraction in manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.	1
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.	Half of the women were given a daily dose of drug and half took a placebo.	1
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.	Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug, half took a placebo.	1
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.	Half the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.	1
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.	Half of the women given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.	1
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.	Half of women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.	1
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.	Half of the women were given a daily dose of this drug and half took a placebo.	1
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.	Half of the women took a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.	1
Half of the women were given a daily dose of the drug and half took a placebo.	Half of the women took a daily dose of the drug while half took a placebo.	1
Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement "will be a compromise, like the real world requires."	Mr. Bloomberg explained to reporters that the deal will be a "compromise" like the real world requires.	1
Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement "will be a compromise, like the real world requires."	Bloomberg later told reporters that the deal "will be a compromise, like the real world requires."	1
Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement "will be a compromise, like the real world requires."	Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement will be a compromise, like the real world requires.	1
Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement "will be a compromise, like the real world requires."	Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement "will be a compromise, like the real world requires."	1
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.	The man entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.	1
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.	Man who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.	1
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.	Man entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., and gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.	1
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.	The man entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., and gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.	1
The man, who entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.	Man entered the post office in Lakeside shortly before 3 p.m., gave up to deputies about 6:30 p.m.	1
Rock singer Ozzy Osbourne, recovering from a quad bike crash, is conscious and joking in his hospital bed, his daughter Kelly said tonight.	Rock singer Ozzy Osbourne is recovering from a quad bike crash, and is conscious and joking in his hospital bed, his daughter Kelly said tonight.	1
Rock singer Ozzy Osbourne, recovering from a quad bike crash, is conscious and joking in his hospital bed, his daughter Kelly said tonight.	Rock singer Ozzy Osbourne recovering from a quad bike crash is conscious and joking in his hospital bed, his daughter Kelly said tonight.	1
Rock singer Ozzy Osbourne, recovering from a quad bike crash, is conscious and joking in his hospital bed, his daughter Kelly said tonight.	Rock singer Ozzy Osbourne is recovering from a quad bike crash, is conscious and joking in his hospital bed, his daughter Kelly said tonight.	1
The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.	The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears as a certain bestseller.	1
The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.	The New York senator's new book, "Living History", appears a certain bestseller.	1
IBM is also "pursuing membership in the group" and plans to be an active participant, according to the CELF statement.	IBM also is "pursuing membership in the group" and plans to be active participant, according to the CELF statement.	1
IBM is also "pursuing membership in the group" and plans to be an active participant, according to the CELF statement.	IBM is also "pursuing membership in the group" and plans to become an active participant, according to the CELF statement.	1
IBM is also "pursuing membership in the group" and plans to be an active participant, according to the CELF statement.	IBM is also "pursuing membership in the group" and plans to be active participant, according to the CELF statement.	1
IBM is also "pursuing membership in the group" and plans to be an active participant, according to the CELF statement.	IBM is also pursuing membership in the group and plans to be active, according to the CELF statement.	1
IBM is also "pursuing membership in the group" and plans to be an active participant, according to the CELF statement.	IBM is "pursuing membership in the group" and will be an active participant, according to the CELF statement.	1
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.	Oracle said 34.75 million peopleSoft shares had been tendered through Thursday.	1
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.	Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered through Thursday.	1
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.	Oracle says 34.75 million peopleSoft shares have been tendered through Thursday.	1
Through Thursday, Oracle said 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered.	Oracle said that 34.75 million PeopleSoft shares had been tendered through Thursday.	1
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.	Company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.	1
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.	The Chief Executive Officer of the company retired and the Chief Financial Officer resigned.	1
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.	The CEO of the company retired and the chief financial officer resigned.	1
The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president’s staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife’s employment at the agency.	The FBI is trying to determine when White House officials and members of the vice president's staff first focused on Wilson and learned about his wife’s employment at the agency.	1
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.	The tech-heavy Nasdaq stock market composite index added 1.16 points to 1,504.04.	1
He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.	He is the replacement for Ron Dittemore. He resigned April 23.	1
He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation April 23.	He will replace Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation on April 23.	1
Pen Hadow, who became the first person to reach the geographic North Pole unsupported from Canada, has just over two days of rations left.	Pen Hadow, who became the first person to reach the geographic North Pole unsupported from Canada, has just over two days left of rations left.	1
Pen Hadow, who became the first person to reach the geographic North Pole unsupported from Canada, has just over two days of rations left.	Pen Hadow was the first person to reach the North Pole unsupported from Canada, has just over two days left of rations.	1
Pen Hadow, who became the first person to reach the geographic North Pole unsupported from Canada, has just over two days of rations left.	Pen Hadow, who became the first person to reach the North Pole unsupported from Canada, has just over two days of rations left.	1
Many of the victims had been headed home for R&R or emergency leave when they were killed.	Many of the victims had been heading home for R&R or emergency leave when they were killed.	1
Many of the victims had been headed home for R&R or emergency leave when they were killed.	Several of the victims had been heading home for R&R or emergency leave when they were killed.	1
Many of the victims had been headed home for R&R or emergency leave when they were killed.	Many victims had been heading home for R&R or emergency leave when they were killed.	1
Many of the victims had been headed home for R&R or emergency leave when they were killed.	When the victims were killed many of the victims had been heading home for R&R or emergency leave when they were killed.	1
Many of the victims had been headed home for R&R or emergency leave when they were killed.	Many victims had been headed home for R&R or emergency leave when they were killed.	1
Many of the victims had been headed home for R&R or emergency leave when they were killed.	Many victims were headed home for R&R or emergency leave when they were killed.	1
Many of the victims had been headed home for R&R or emergency leave when they were killed.	When the victims were killed, many had been headed home for R&R or emergency leave.	1
The face of President Saddam Hussein was added to Iraqi currency after the 1991 Gulf War.	Saddam Hussein's face was added to the Iraqi currency after the 1991 Gulf War.	1
"It's safe to assume that the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.	'It's safe to assume that the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.	1
"It's safe to assume that the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.	It's safe to assume that the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.	1
He was also accused of masterminding bombings that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000.	He was also accused of masterminding the bombings that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000.	1
He was also accused of masterminding bombings that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000.	He was accused of masterminding bombings that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000.	1
He was also accused of masterminding bombings that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000.	He was also accused of masterminding a bombing in Manila in December 2000 that killed 22 people.	1
He was also accused of masterminding bombings that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000.	He was also accused of masterminding a bombing in Manila that killed 22 people in December 2000.	1
He was also accused of masterminding bombings that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000.	He was also accused of masterminding a bombing that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000.	1
He was also accused of masterminding bombings that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000.	He is accused of masterminding the bombings that killed 22 people in Manila in December 2000.	1
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.	This exploit will work on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.	1
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.	The exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.	1
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.	Which exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.	1
The center has a budget of $45 million, most of which will be spent on research and testing, Bridges said.	In terms of funding, the center has a budget of $45 million, most of which will be spent on research and testing, Bridges said.	1
The center has a budget of $45 million, most of which will be spent on research and testing, Bridges said.	In total, the center is spending $45 million, much of which will be spent on research and testing, Bridges said.	1
Out of the nearly $20 billion, $18.6 billion is earmarked for reconstruction of Iraq and $1.2 billion for Afghanistan.	Out of the nearly $20 billion, $18,6 billion is earmarked for reconstruction of Iraq and $1.2 billion for Afghanistan.	1
Out of the nearly $20 billion, $18.6 billion is earmarked for reconstruction of Iraq and $1.2 billion for Afghanistan.	Out of the nearly $20 billion, $18.6 billion is earmarked for reconstruction of Iraq and $1.2 billion is earmarked for Afghanistan.	1
Out of the nearly $20 billion, $18.6 billion is earmarked for reconstruction of Iraq and $1.2 billion for Afghanistan.	Out of nearly $20 billion, $18.6 billion is earmarked for reconstruction of Iraq and $1.2 billion is for Afghanistan.	1
Out of the nearly $20 billion, $18.6 billion is earmarked for reconstruction of Iraq and $1.2 billion for Afghanistan.	Out of nearly $20 billion, $18.6 billion is earmarked for reconstruction of Iraq and $1.2 billion for Afghanistan.	1
Out of the nearly $20 billion, $18.6 billion is earmarked for reconstruction of Iraq and $1.2 billion for Afghanistan.	Out of the nearly $20 billion earmarked for reconstruction of Iraq and $1.2 billion for Afghanistan, $18.6 billion is earmarked for Iraq reconstruction.	1
Out of the nearly $20 billion, $18.6 billion is earmarked for reconstruction of Iraq and $1.2 billion for Afghanistan.	Out of the nearly $20 billion, $18.6 billion is earmarked for reconstruction of Iraq and $1.2 billion is for Afghanistan.	1
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts released yesterday.	For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents " according to extracts released yesterday.	1
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts released yesterday.	"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents", according to extracts released yesterday.	1
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts released yesterday.	"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts released yesterday	1
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts released yesterday.	For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, according to extracts released yesterday.	1
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts released yesterday.	For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts released yesterday.	1
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts released yesterday.	"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents" according to extracts released yesterday.	1
Associated Press Writer Sara Kugler contributed to this report from New York City.	The Associated Press writer Sara Kugler contributed to this report from New York City.	1
Associated Press Writer Sara Kugler contributed to this report from New York City.	Sara Kugler is an Associated Press writer. She contributed to this report from New York City.	1
Associated Press Writer Sara Kugler contributed to this report from New York City.	Sara Kugler, writer for the Associated Press contributed to this report from New York City.	1
Associated Press Writer Sara Kugler contributed to this report from New York City.	Sara Kugler is an Associated Press writer who contributed to this report from New York City.	1
Associated Press Writer Sara Kugler contributed to this report from New York City.	Sara Kugler from the Associated Press contributed to this report from New York City.	1
Associated Press Writer Sara Kugler contributed to this report from New York City.	Sara Kugler, the Associated Press writer, contributed to this report from New York City.	1
That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.	This compares with $1 million profit, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.	1
The company reported quarterly revenue of $388.1 million, compared with $318.5 million in the same period a year ago.	Company reported quarterly revenue of $388.1 million, compared with $318.5 million in the same period a year ago.	1
The company reported quarterly revenue of $388.1 million, compared with $318.5 million in the same period a year ago.	As a company, the Company reported quarterly revenues of $388.1 million, compared to $318.5 million in the same period a year ago.	1
The company reported quarterly revenue of $388.1 million, compared with $318.5 million in the same period a year ago.	Its business reported quarterly revenue of $388.1 million, compared with $318.5 million in the same period a year ago.	1
The study was presented yesterday in Chicago at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America.	This study was presented yesterday in Chicago at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America.	1
Under the plan, Maine would act as a "pharmacy benefit manager" to lower the cost of prescription drugs.	Under the plan, Maine would act as "pharmacy benefit manager" to lower the cost of prescription drugs.	1
"The impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of the company," Noranda president and chief executive officer Derek Pannell said.	"The impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of the company", said Derek Pannell, Noranda president and chief executive officer Derek Pannell.	1
"The impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of the company," Noranda president and chief executive officer Derek Pannell said.	"The impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of Noranda," CEO Derek Pannell said.	1
"The impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of the company," Noranda president and chief executive officer Derek Pannell said.	"The impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of Noranda," says Noranda president and chief executive officer Derek Pannell.	1
"The impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of the company," Noranda president and chief executive officer Derek Pannell said.	Noranda president and chief executive officer Derek Pannell said in a statement. "The impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of the company."	1
"The impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of the company," Noranda president and chief executive officer Derek Pannell said.	Noranda's CEO said "the impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of the company." Derek Pannell said.	1
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.	In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapon program.	1
Nine years ago, they were married by a justice of the peace.	Nine years ago, they were married by a justice of peace.	1
Nine years ago, they were married by a justice of the peace.	They were married by a justice of peace nine years ago.	1
Nine years ago, they were married by a justice of the peace.	Nine years ago, the couple was married by a justice of peace.	1
Thousands of people in the South of England caught a glimpse of a lunar eclipse as they gazed up at the sky on Saturday night.	On Saturday night, thousands of people of the South of England caught a glimpse of the lunar eclipse as they gazed up at the sky.	1
Thousands of people in the South of England caught a glimpse of a lunar eclipse as they gazed up at the sky on Saturday night.	Thousands of people in the south of England caught a glimpse of a lunar eclipse as they looked up at the sky on Saturday night.	1
Thousands of people in the South of England caught a glimpse of a lunar eclipse as they gazed up at the sky on Saturday night.	Thousands of people in the South of England caught a glimpse of lunar eclipse as they gazed up at the sky on Saturday night.	1
The rats that consumed the tomato powder had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats, researchers found.	The rats that consumed tomato powder had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats, researchers found.	1
The rats that consumed the tomato powder had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats, researchers found.	The rats that ate tomato powder had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats, researchers found.	1
The rats that consumed the tomato powder had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats, researchers found.	Researchers found that rats who ate tomato powder had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats.	1
The rats that consumed the tomato powder had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats, researchers found.	Researchers found that rats that consumed tomato powder had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats.	1
The rats that consumed the tomato powder had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats, researchers found.	The rats that ate the tomato powder had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats, researchers found.	1
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.	"It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.	1
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.	It is a national concern that will touch practically every American," Abraham said.	1
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.	Is this a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.	1
It will also unveil a version of its Windows Server 2003 operating system tuned specifically for storage devices.	It will also unveil a version of Windows Server 2003 operating system tuned specifically for storage devices.	1
At 12, Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder over the death of Tiffany Eunick.	At the age of 12, Lionel Tate was arrested and charged with first-degree murder over the death of Tiffany Eunick.	1
At 12, Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder over the death of Tiffany Eunick.	At age 12, Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder for the murder of Tiffany Eunick.	1
At 12, Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder over the death of Tiffany Eunick.	At 12, Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder for the death of Tiffany Eunick.	1
At 12, Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder over the death of Tiffany Eunick.	At 12, Lionel Tate was charged with first degree murder for the death of Tiffany Eunick.	1
At 12, Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder over the death of Tiffany Eunick.	At the age of 12, Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder in the death of Tiffany Eunick.	1
At 12, Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder over the death of Tiffany Eunick.	At 12, Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder in the death of Tiffany Eunick.	1
At 12, Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder over the death of Tiffany Eunick.	At the age of 12, Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder over the death of Tiffany Eunick.	1
At 12, Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder over the death of Tiffany Eunick.	At the age of 12 Lionel Tate was charged with first-degree murder in the death of Tiffany Eunick.	1
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.	Sales for the quarter exceeded expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.	1
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.	Sales for quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.	1
Sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.	The sales for the quarter beat expectations, rising 37 percent year-on-year to 1.76 billion euros.	1
If the MTA's appeal to a higher court is successful, the $2 bus and subway base fare won't be rolled back.	If the MTA's appeal to a higher court is successful, the $2 bus and subway base fare will not be rolled back.	1
If the MTA's appeal to a higher court is successful, the $2 bus and subway base fare won't be rolled back.	If the MTA appeal to a higher court is successful, the $2 bus and subway base fare won't be rolled back.	1
Now, nearly two years later, Mallard prepares for trial on charges of murder and tampering with evidence.	Now nearly two years later, Mallard prepares for trial on charges of murder and tampering with evidence.	1
Now, nearly two years later, Mallard prepares for trial on charges of murder and tampering with evidence.	But now, nearly two years later, Mallard is on trial on charges of murder and tampering with evidence.	1
In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church "is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."	In Nairobi, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church "is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."	1
In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church "is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."	In Nairobi, Kenya, the very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said that the U.S. Episcopal Church "is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."	1
In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church "is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."	The Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church "is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion" in Nairobi, Kenya.	1
In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church "is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."	In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the United States Episcopal Church "is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."	1
In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church "is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."	In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.	1
In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church "is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."	In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church "is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion"	1
In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church "is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."	In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church "is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion".	1
In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church "is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."	In Nairobi, Kenya, the very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion.	1
In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church "is alienating itself from the Anglican Communion."	In Nairobi, Kenya, the Very Rev. Peter Karanja, provost of All Saints Cathedral, said the U.S. Episcopal Church is "abandoning itself from the Anglican Communion."	1
The book, called "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right," hits stores this weekend.	The book, "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right," hits stores this weekend.	1
The book, called "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right," hits stores this weekend.	The book, called Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right, is coming out in store this weekend.	1
The book, called "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right," hits stores this weekend.	The Book, "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right," hits stores this weekend.	1
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.	Selenski was earlier found guilty of bank robbery and had spent seven years in prison.	1
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.	Selenski has previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.	1
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.	Selenski had spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.	1
Robert Walsh, 40, remained in critical but stable condition Friday at Staten Island University Hospital's north campus.	Robert Walsh, 40, remains in critical but stable condition Friday at Staten Island University Hospital's north campus.	1
Robert Walsh, 40, remained in critical but stable condition Friday at Staten Island University Hospital's north campus.	Robert Walsh, 40, remains in critical but stable condition Friday at Staten Island University Hospital's North campus.	1
The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken during the Bush administration.	Decision was among the most significant steps towards deregulation undertaken under the Bush administration.	1
The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken during the Bush administration.	The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken by the Bush administration.	1
The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken during the Bush administration.	The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken under the Bush administration.	1
The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken during the Bush administration.	The decision was one of the most significant steps toward deregulation under the Bush administration.	1
The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken during the Bush administration.	The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation under the Bush administration.	1
The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken during the Bush administration.	The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation taken during the Bush administration.	1
The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken during the Bush administration.	The decision was among the most significant steps towards deregulation undertaken under the Bush administration.	1
The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken during the Bush administration.	This decision was one of the most significant steps toward deregulation taken by the Bush administration.	1
"For us, that doesn't make a difference - the sexual orientation," Archbishop Tutu said in the black urban centre of Soweto.	"The sexual orientation doesn't make a difference for us," Archbishop Tutu said in the black urban centre of Soweto.	1
"For us, that doesn't make a difference - the sexual orientation," Archbishop Tutu said in the black urban centre of Soweto.	For us, it doesn't make a difference - the sexual orientation", Archbishop Tutu said in the black urban centre of Soweto.	1
Around 9:00 a.m. EDT (1300 GMT), the euro was at $1.1566 against the dollar, up 0.07 percent on the day.	At 9:00 a.m. EDT (1300 GMT), the euro was at $1.1566 against the dollar, up 0.07 percent on the day.	1
Around 9:00 a.m. EDT (1300 GMT), the euro was at $1.1566 against the dollar, up 0.07 percent on the day.	Towards 9:00 a.m. EDT (1300 GMT), the euro was at $1.1566 against the dollar, up 0.07 percent on the day.	1
Around 9:00 a.m. EDT (1300 GMT), the euro was at $1.1566 against the dollar, up 0.07 percent on the day.	At about 9:00 a.m. EDT (1300 GMT), the euro was at $1.1566 against the dollar, up 0.07 percent on the day.	1
Around 9:00 a.m. EDT (1300 GMT), the euro was at $1.1566 against the dollar, up 0.07 percent on the day.	At around 9:00 a.m. EDT (1300 GMT), the euro was at $1.1566 against the dollar, up 0.07 percent on the day.	1
Around 9:00 a.m. EDT (1300 GMT), the euro was at $1.1566 against the dollar, up 0.07 percent on the day.	About 9:00 a.m. EDT (1300 GMT), the euro was at $1.1566 against the dollar, up 0.07 percent on the day.	1
The Guru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS (Basic Input Output System) update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box.	A Guru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS (Basic Input Output System) update and a troubleshooting assistance feature called Black Box.	1
The Guru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS (Basic Input Output System) update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box.	The Guru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS (Basic Input Output System) update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Blackbox.	1
The Guru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS (Basic Input Output System) update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box.	A Guru microcontroller provides four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS (Basic Input Output System) update and troubleshooting assistance feature called Blackbox.	1
The Guru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS (Basic Input Output System) update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box.	My Guru Microcontroller has four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS (Basic Input Output System) update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box.	1
The Guru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS (Basic Input Output System) update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box.	The Guru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS (Basic Input Output System) update and troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box.	1
Sony's portfolio gives subscribers a variety of personalized services including the ability to download and experience images, ring tones, music videos and other music entertainment services.	Sony gives its subscribers a variety of personalized services including the ability to download and experience images, ring tones, music videos and other music entertainment services.	1
Sony's portfolio gives subscribers a variety of personalized services including the ability to download and experience images, ring tones, music videos and other music entertainment services.	Sony's portfolio provides subscribers a variety of personalized services including the ability to download and experience images, ring tones, music videos and other entertainment services.	1
Sony's portfolio gives subscribers a variety of personalized services including the ability to download and experience images, ring tones, music videos and other music entertainment services.	Sony's portfolio offers subscribers a variety of personalized services including the ability to download and experience images, ring tones, music videos and other music entertainment services.	1
Sony's portfolio gives subscribers a variety of personalized services including the ability to download and experience images, ring tones, music videos and other music entertainment services.	Sony's portfolio offers subscribers a variety of personalized services including the ability to download and experience images, ring tones, music videos and other entertainment services.	1
Sony's portfolio gives subscribers a variety of personalized services including the ability to download and experience images, ring tones, music videos and other music entertainment services.	Sony offers customers a variety of personalized services including the ability to download and experience images, ring tones, music videos and other entertainment services.	1
He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect, but he would not confirm if it was the 24-year-old cited by Bitdefender.	He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect, but would not confirm if it was the 24-year-old cited by Bitdefender.	1
He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect, but he would not confirm if it was the 24-year-old cited by Bitdefender.	He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect, but he wouldn't confirm if it was the 24-year-old cited by Bitdefender.	1
He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect, but he would not confirm if it was the 24-year-old cited by Bitdefender.	He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect but he wouldn't confirm if it was the 24-year-old cited by Bitdefender.	1
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.	Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents per share, for that period.	1
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.	Before, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents per share, for that period.	1
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.	In the same period, it had reported a profit of $12 million or 0 cents a share. Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.	1
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.	For boys born in 2001, the life expectancy was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.	1
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.	The life expectancy of boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.	1
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.	Life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.	1
The life expectancy for boys born in 2001 was 74.4 years, up two years since 1990.	In 2001, the life expectancy of boys was 74.4 years. This is up two years since 1990.	1
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.	On Friday, U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.	1
Big Blue says the SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.	Big Blue: The SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.	1
Big Blue says the SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.	Big Blue says SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.	1
They were held under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 on suspicion of involvement in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.	They were arrested under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000. They were charged with the commission, preparation or instigation of terror acts.	1
They were held under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 on suspicion of involvement in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.	They were arrested under section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 on suspicion of involvement in the commission, preparation, or instigation of acts of terrorism.	1
They were held under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 on suspicion of involvement in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.	The suspects were held under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 on suspicion of involvement in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.	1
They were held under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 on suspicion of involvement in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.	The defendants were held under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 on suspicion of involvement in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.	1
Starting on Saturday, every computer infected with MSBlast is expected to start flooding Microsoft's Windows Update service with legitimate-looking connection requests.	Starting on Saturday, every computer infected with MSBlast will start flooding Microsoft's Windows update service with legitimate-looking connection requests.	1
Starting on Saturday, every computer infected with MSBlast is expected to start flooding Microsoft's Windows Update service with legitimate-looking connection requests.	Starting on Saturday every computer infected with MSBlast is expected to start flooding Microsoft's Windows update service with legitimate-looking connection requests.	1
"We see the First Amendment to protect religious liberty, not crush religious liberty," said Patrick Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition.	"The First Amendment should protect religious freedom, not destroy religious liberty," said Patrick Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition.	1
"We see the First Amendment to protect religious liberty, not crush religious liberty," said Patrick Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition.	"We see the First Amendment to protect religious freedom, not crush religious liberty," said Patrick Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition.	1
"We see the First Amendment to protect religious liberty, not crush religious liberty," said Patrick Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition.	"We see the First Amendment as protecting religious liberty, not crushing religious liberty," said Patrick Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition.	1
"We see the First Amendment to protect religious liberty, not crush religious liberty," said Patrick Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition.	"The First Amendment protects religious liberty, not crush religious liberty," said Patrick Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition.	1
"We see the First Amendment to protect religious liberty, not crush religious liberty," said Patrick Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition.	"The First Amendment is to protect religious liberty, not crush religious liberty," said Patrick Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition.	1
"We see the First Amendment to protect religious liberty, not crush religious liberty," said Patrick Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition.	We see the First Amendment to protect religious liberty, not crush religious liberty," said Patrick Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition.	1
"We see the First Amendment to protect religious liberty, not crush religious liberty," said Patrick Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition.	The First Amendment protects religious liberty, not crush religious liberty," said Patrick Mahoney, director of the Christian Defense Coalition.	1
Florida's Third District Court of Appeal saidon Wednesdaythe original proceedings were "irretrievably tainted" by misconduct by lawyers representing the class.	Florida's third district court of appeal said on Wednesdaythe original proceedings were "irretrievably tainted" by misconduct by lawyers representing the class.	1
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.	The company announced it will issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.	1
In addition, the committee noted, "while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening".	The Committee noted that while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening.	1
In addition, the committee noted, "while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening".	In addition to spending, the committee noted that "while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening"	1
In addition, the committee noted, "while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening".	The committee noted, "while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening".	1
In addition, the committee noted, "while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening".	In addition, the committee noted that while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening.	1
In addition, the committee noted, "while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening".	In addition, the committee noted that "while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening".	1
In addition, the committee noted, "while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening".	In addition, the committee noted, "while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening."	1
In addition, the committee noted, "while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening".	While spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening," the committee reported.	1
In addition, the committee noted, "while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening".	In addition, the committee noted that "while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening."	1
Nigeria and other African oil producers are increasingly important in U.S. plans to lessen dependence on Middle Eastern suppliers for its energy security.	Nigeria and other African oil producers are increasingly important in U.S. plans to lessen dependence on Middle East suppliers for its energy security.	1
Nigeria and other African oil producers are increasingly important in U.S. plans to lessen dependence on Middle Eastern suppliers for its energy security.	Nigeria and other African oil producers are increasingly important in the U.S. plans to reduce dependency on Middle Eastern suppliers for its energy security.	1
Appeals had kept him on death row longer than anyone else in the U.S., AP said.	Appeals have kept him on death row longer than any other person in the U.S., AP reported.	1
Appeals had kept him on death row longer than anyone else in the U.S., AP said.	Appeals had kept him on death row longer than anyone else in the U.S., AP reported.	1
Appeals had kept him on death row longer than anyone else in the U.S., AP said.	Appeals has kept him on death row longer than anyone else in the U.S., AP said.	1
Appeals had kept him on death row longer than anyone else in the U.S., AP said.	Appeals had kept him on death row longer than any other person in the U.S., AP said.	1
Appeals had kept him on death row longer than anyone else in the U.S., AP said.	Appeals had kept him on death row longer than any other U.S. person, AP said.	1
While many likely now will quit – as millions of women already have – Soltes said she likely will continue to prescribe the supplements for relief of change-of-life symptoms.	While many likely will now quit – as millions of women already have – Soltes said she likely will continue to prescribe the supplements for relief of change-of-life symptoms.	1
While many likely now will quit – as millions of women already have – Soltes said she likely will continue to prescribe the supplements for relief of change-of-life symptoms.	Although many likely now will quit, as millions of women already have – Soltes said she likely will continue to prescribe the supplements for relief of change-of-life symptoms.	1
While many likely now will quit – as millions of women already have – Soltes said she likely will continue to prescribe the supplements for relief of change-of-life symptoms.	While many likely now will quit – as millions of women already have – Soltes said she likely will continue to prescribe the supplements for relief of change of life symptoms.	1
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.	In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, the federal and local governments remained largely shut down, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.	1
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.	The federal and local governments were largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.	1
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.	In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, the federal and local governments remained largely shut down as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.	1
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	Ursel Reisen says it operated the coach, but doesn't reveal the details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	1
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but didn’t give any details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	1
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	1
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	Ursel Reisen confirmed the operation of the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	1
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach but did not give any details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	1
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	Ursel Reisen confirm it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	1
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach but didn't give any other details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	1
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach but did not give details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	1
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but did not give any details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	1
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but did not give other details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	1
Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but gave no details other than to say the passengers were of mixed ages.	Ursel Reisen confirmed it operated the coach, but did not give details other than to say they were of mixed ages.	1
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.	However, he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.	1
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.	But he is the only candidate who won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.	1
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.	He is the only candidate to have won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.	1
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.	He is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.	1
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.	The judge refused to postpone the trial date of September 29.	1
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.	And the judge refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.	1
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.	Judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.	1
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.	The judge refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.	1
Regardless, its first quarter saw a profit of $721 million, or 29 cents, on revenue of $17.9 billion.	Regardless, its first quarter saw a profit of $721 million or 29 cents, on revenue of $17.9 billion.	1
Regardless, its first quarter saw a profit of $721 million, or 29 cents, on revenue of $17.9 billion.	Despite its first quarter saw a profit of $721 million, or 29 cents, on revenue of $17.9 billion.	1
Regardless, its first quarter saw a profit of $721 million, or 29 cents, on revenue of $17.9 billion.	Its first quarter saw a profit of $721 million, or 29 cents, on revenue of $17.9 billion.	1
Under the proposal, Slocan shareholders will get 1.3147 Canfor shares for each common share.	Under the proposal, Slocan shareholders will get 1.3147 Canfor shares per common share.	1
Under the proposal, Slocan shareholders will get 1.3147 Canfor shares for each common share.	In addition, Slocan shareholders will get 1.3147 Canfor shares for each common share. Under this proposal, Slocan shareholders will get 1.3147 shares for each common share.	1
Under the proposal, Slocan shareholders will get 1.3147 Canfor shares for each common share.	Under this proposal, Slocan shareholders will get 1.3147 Canfor shares for each common share.	1
Under the proposal, Slocan shareholders will get 1.3147 Canfor shares for each common share.	The proposal will make Slocan shareholders get 1.3147 Canfor shares for every common share.	1
Under the proposal, Slocan shareholders will get 1.3147 Canfor shares for each common share.	According to the proposal, Slocan shareholders will get 1.3147 Canfor shares for each common share.	1
Under the proposal, Slocan shareholders will get 1.3147 Canfor shares for each common share.	Under the proposal, shareholders of Slocan will get 1.3147 Canfor shares for each common share.	1
BellSouth also added 654,000 net long-distance customers in the third quarter.	BellSouth also added 654,000 net long distance customers in the third quarter.	1
BellSouth also added 654,000 net long-distance customers in the third quarter.	BellSouth added 654,000 net long distance customers in the third quarter.	1
BellSouth also added 654,000 net long-distance customers in the third quarter.	BellSouth has added a total of 654,000 net long distance customers in the third quarter.	1
BellSouth also added 654,000 net long-distance customers in the third quarter.	BellSouth added a total of 654,000 new long distance customers in the third quarter.	1
The day after Wilkie resigned, Howard said in a televised address that Iraq possessed "chemical and biological weapons capable of causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale".	A day after Wilkie resigned, Howard said in a televised address that Iraq possessed "chemical and biological weapons capable of causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale".	1
The day after Wilkie resigned, Howard said in a televised address that Iraq possessed "chemical and biological weapons capable of causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale".	The day after Wilkie resigned, Howard said in a televised address that Iraq possessed "chemical and biological weapons capable of causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale"	1
The day after Wilkie resigned, Howard said in a televised address that Iraq possessed "chemical and biological weapons capable of causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale".	On the day after Wilkie resigned, Howard said in a televised address that Iraq possessed "chemical and biological weapons capable of causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale".	1
The day after Wilkie resigned, Howard said in a televised address that Iraq possessed "chemical and biological weapons capable of causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale".	"On the day after Wilkie resigned, Howard said in a televised address that Iraq possessed "chemical and biological weapons capable of causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale".	1
The day after Wilkie resigned, Howard said in a televised address that Iraq possessed "chemical and biological weapons capable of causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale".	Exactly one day after Wilkie resigned, Howard said in a televised address that Iraq possessed "chemical and biological weapons capable of causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale".	1
The day after Wilkie resigned, Howard said in a televised address that Iraq possessed "chemical and biological weapons capable of causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale".	In a televised address the day after Wilkie resigned, Howard said Iraq had "chemical and biological weapons capable of causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale".	1
"I stand 100 percent by it, and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time."	I stand 100% by it, and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time.	1
"I stand 100 percent by it, and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time."	I stand 100 percent by it, and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time.	1
"I stand 100 percent by it, and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time."	I stand 100% by it, and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time."	1
"I stand 100 percent by it, and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time."	I stand 100 percent by it, and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time."	1
"I stand 100 percent by it, and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time."	I stand 100 percent by it, and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time. "	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI slipped 9.54 points, or 0.1 percent, at 9,558.92.	The Dow Jones industrial average fell 9.54 points, or 0.1 percent, at 9,555.92.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI slipped 9.54 points, or 0.1 percent, at 9,558.92.	The Dow Jones industrial average.DJI slipped 9.54 points, or 0.1 percent, at 9,558.92.	1
"I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules," Parrish said.	"I don't know if the person I'm talking to now will end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules," Parrish said.	1
"I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules," Parrish said.	I don't know if the person I'm talking to today may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules," Parrish said.	1
"I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules," Parrish said.	"I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules." Parrish said.	1
"I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules," Parrish said.	I don't know if a person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules," Parrish said.	1
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".	Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA reiterated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".	1
All three were studied for fingerprints, DNA and other traces of evidence, but prosecutors have not yet testified to what, if anything, they yielded.	These three were studied for fingerprints, DNA and other traces of evidence but prosecutors have not yet testified to what, if anything, they yielded.	1
All three were studied for fingerprints, DNA and other traces of evidence, but prosecutors have not yet testified to what, if anything, they yielded.	All three were studied for fingerprints, DNA and other traces of evidence, but prosecutors haven't yet testified to what, if anything, they yielded.	1
All three were studied for fingerprints, DNA and other traces of evidence, but prosecutors have not yet testified to what, if anything, they yielded.	All three were studied for fingerprints, DNA and other traces of evidence, but prosecutors have not yet testified to what, if anything, they yielded. They all were studied for fingerprints, DNA and other traces of evidence.	1
Cambone said U.S forces found the tractor-trailer April 19 at a Kurdish checkpoint near the city of Mosul in northern Iraq.	Cambone said U.S. forces found the tractor-trailer April 19 at a Kurdish checkpoint near the city of Mosul in northern Iraq.	1
Cambone said U.S forces found the tractor-trailer April 19 at a Kurdish checkpoint near the city of Mosul in northern Iraq.	Cambone said U.S. troops found the tractor-trailer April 19 at a Kurdish checkpoint near the city of Mosul in northern Iraq.	1
Cambone said U.S forces found the tractor-trailer April 19 at a Kurdish checkpoint near the city of Mosul in northern Iraq.	Cambone said U.S. forces found the tractor trailer April 19 at a Kurdish checkpoint near the city of Mosul in northern Iraq.	1
Cambone said U.S forces found the tractor-trailer April 19 at a Kurdish checkpoint near the city of Mosul in northern Iraq.	Cambone: U.S forces found the tractor-trailer April 19 at a Kurdish checkpoint near the city of Mosul in northern Iraq.	1
Cambone said U.S forces found the tractor-trailer April 19 at a Kurdish checkpoint near the city of Mosul in northern Iraq.	Cambone says U.S forces found the tractor-trailer April 19 at a Kurdish checkpoint near the city of Mosul in northern Iraq.	1
Cambone said U.S forces found the tractor-trailer April 19 at a Kurdish checkpoint near the city of Mosul in northern Iraq.	Cambone said U.S forces found the tractor trailer April 19 at a Kurdish checkpoint near the city of Mosul in northern Iraq.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson said it will shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profits.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson said that it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson will shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profit.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson announced that it would close its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, in order to increase profitability.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson says it will close its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, for increasing profits.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson has announced the closure of its GSM/UMTS research and development center in Munich, Germany, in order to increase profitability.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson said it will close its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson said it would close down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany to increase profitability.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson says it will close its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profits.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson said that it would shut down its GSM/UMTS research and development center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson will shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson also announced that it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson has announced it will shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profits.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson also announced it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson will shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profits.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson has shut down its GSM/UMTS research and development center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson has announced the closure of its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson will close its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson will shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany to increase profitability.	1
Sony Ericsson also said it would shut down its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	Sony Ericsson announced it will close its GSM/UMTS R&D center in Munich, Germany, to increase profitability.	1
That failure to act contributed to September the 11th and the failure to act today continues (to put) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," Graham said.	That failure to act contributed to September 11th and the failure to act today continues (to put) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," Graham said.	1
That failure to act contributed to September the 11th and the failure to act today continues (to put) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," Graham said.	That failure to act contributed to September 11th and the failure to act today continues to put Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," Graham said.	1
That failure to act contributed to September the 11th and the failure to act today continues (to put) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," Graham said.	That failure to act contributed to September 11th and the failure to act today continues (to put) Americans in a vulnerable situation," Graham said.	1
That failure to act contributed to September the 11th and the failure to act today continues (to put) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," Graham said.	"The failure to act today continues to put Americans in a vulnerable situation," Graham said. "That failure to act contributed to September 11th and the failure to act today continues to put Americans in a vulnerable situation," Graham said.	1
That failure to act contributed to September the 11th and the failure to act today continues (to put) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," Graham said.	''That failure to act contributed to September 11th and the failure to act today continues (to put) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," Graham said.	1
That failure to act contributed to September the 11th and the failure to act today continues (to put) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," Graham said.	"That failure to act contributed to September 11th and the failure to act today continues (to put) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," Graham said.	1
That failure to act contributed to September the 11th and the failure to act today continues (to put) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," Graham said.	"That failure to act contributed to September 11th and the failure to act today continues to put) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," Graham said.	1
That failure to act contributed to September the 11th and the failure to act today continues (to put) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," Graham said.	That failure to act contributed to September 11th and the failure to act today continues to put (Americans) in a vulnerable circumstance," Graham said.	1
The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft .NET is available for the suggested list price of $1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use.	The Intel C++ compiler for platform builder for Microsoft.NET is available for the suggested list price of $1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use.	1
The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft .NET is available for the suggested list price of $1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use.	The Intel C++ compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft.NET is available for the suggested list price of $1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use.	1
The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft .NET is available for the suggested list price of $1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use.	INTELL C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft.NET is available for the suggested list price of $1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use.	1
The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft .NET is available for the suggested list price of $1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use.	The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft.NET is available for the suggested list price of $1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use.	1
The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft .NET is available for the suggested list price of $1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use.	Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft.NET is available for the suggested list price of $1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use.	1
The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft .NET is available for the suggested list price of $1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use.	Intel c++ compiler for platform builder for Microsoft.NET is available for the suggested list price of $1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use.	1
"There were," said board member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff, "some extremely bad decisions.	"There were some very bad decisions" said Board Member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff.	1
"There were," said board member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff, "some extremely bad decisions.	"There were," said board member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff, "some extremely poor decisions."	1
"There were," said board member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff, "some extremely bad decisions.	"There were," said board member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff, "some extremely bad decisions."	1
"There were," said board member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff, "some extremely bad decisions.	"There were some very bad decisions," said board member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff.	1
"There were," said board member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff, "some extremely bad decisions.	'There were, said board member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff, some extremely bad decisions.	1
"There were," said board member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff, "some extremely bad decisions.	"There were some extremely bad decisions," said board member and Nobel-prize winning Stanford physicist Douglas Osheroff.	1
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.	He learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.	1
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.	The incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom. He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.	1
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.	Apparently, they learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.	1
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.	He learned later that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.	1
Zulifquar Ali, a worshiper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the attackers first targeted the mosque's guards.	: Zulifquar Ali, a worshiper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the attackers first targeted the mosque's guards.	1
Zulifquar Ali, a worshiper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the attackers first targeted the mosque's guards.	Zulifquar Ali, a worshiper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the attackers targeted the mosque's guards first.	1
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.	He said the problem needs to be fixed before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.	1
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.	He says the space shuttle issue needs to be solved before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.	1
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.	In other words, he said the problem needs to be fixed before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.	1
Doctors would face fines and up to two years in prison for performing the procedure, except as a lifesaving step.	Doctors will face fines and up to two years in prison for performing the procedure except as a lifesaving step.	1
Doctors would face fines and up to two years in prison for performing the procedure, except as a lifesaving step.	Doctors would face fines and up to two years in prison for performing the procedure except as a lifesaving step.	1
Doctors would face fines and up to two years in prison for performing the procedure, except as a lifesaving step.	Doctors face fines and up to two years in prison for performing a procedure except as a lifesaving step.	1
Doctors would face fines and up to two years in prison for performing the procedure, except as a lifesaving step.	Doctors will face fines and up to two years in prison for performing the procedure, except as a lifesaving step.	1
"I think it's going to be a close vote, but I think the grant proposal is going to win," McConnell said.	I think it will be a close vote, but I think the grant proposal is going to win," McConnell said.	1
"I think it's going to be a close vote, but I think the grant proposal is going to win," McConnell said.	I think it's going to be a close vote, but I think the grant proposal is going to win," McConnell said.	1
"I think it's going to be a close vote, but I think the grant proposal is going to win," McConnell said.	McConnell: "It's going to be a close vote, but I think the grant proposal is going to win."	1
"I think it's going to be a close vote, but I think the grant proposal is going to win," McConnell said.	I think the grant proposal is going to win, but it's going to be a close vote," McConnell said.	1
"I think it's going to be a close vote, but I think the grant proposal is going to win," McConnell said.	I think the grant proposal is going to win. It's going to be a close vote, but I think it's going to be a close vote." McConnell said.	1
"I think it's going to be a close vote, but I think the grant proposal is going to win," McConnell said.	I think the grant proposal is going to win, but I think it's going to be a close vote, McConnell said.	1
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack," Barbara Comstock said.	"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," Barbara Comstock said.	1
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack," Barbara Comstock said.	"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," said Barbara Comstock.	1
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack," Barbara Comstock said.	We make no apology for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack," Barbara Comstock said.	1
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack," Barbara Comstock said.	Barbara Comstock: "We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks."	1
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack," Barbara Comstock said.	We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack," Barbara Comstock said.	1
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack," Barbara Comstock said.	"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack," said Barbara Comstock.	1
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack," Barbara Comstock said.	Barbara Comstock: "We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack."	1
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attack," Barbara Comstock said.	"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," Barbara Comstock said. "... we make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," Comstock said.	1
Since March 11, when the market's major indices were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 per cent.	Since March 11, when the market's major indices were at their lowest level since hitting multi-year lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 per cent.	1
Since March 11, when the market's major indices were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 per cent.	Since that day of March 11, when the market's major indices were at their lowest level since hitting multi-year lows in October, the tech-laden Nasdaq has climbed nearly 20 per cent.	1
The two men, whose names were not released, both were using Pakistani passports and were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, police said.	The men, whose names were not released, were using Pakistani passports and were seen together in the airport earlier in the evening, police said.	1
The two men, whose names were not released, both were using Pakistani passports and were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, police said.	The two men, whose names were not released, were using Pakistani passports and were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, police said.	1
"We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.	"We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have."	1
"We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.	We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.	1
"We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.	We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have."	1
"We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.	"We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have. "	1
This was around the time Congress was debating a resolution granting the President broad authority to wage war.	At that time Congress was debating a resolution granting the President broad power to wage war.	1
After their arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into Blaine, Wash., from Canada last month, two sources said.	After arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into Blaine, Wash., from Canada last month, two sources said.	1
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.	But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state tried only to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.	1
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.	But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than considering the possibility of murder.	1
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.	Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.	1
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.	Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than considering the possibility of murder.	1
"We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future," Sheehan said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon.	Sheehan said "we can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future" at a news conference Wednesday afternoon.	1
"We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future," Sheehan said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon.	"We cannot change the past but we can do a lot about the future," Sheehan said at a news conference on Wednesday afternoon.	1
"We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future," Sheehan said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon.	"We can't change the past, but we can a lot about the future," Sheehan said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon.	1
"We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future," Sheehan said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon.	We can't change the past but we can do a lot about the future," Sheehan said in a news conference Wednesday afternoon.	1
"We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future," Sheehan said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon.	We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future," Sheehan said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon.	1
"We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future," Sheehan said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon.	"We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future," Sheehan said at a news conference on Wednesday afternoon.	1
Subsequently, some bondholders have filed suit to block the exchange offer.	Over time, some bondsholders have filed suit to block the exchange offers.	1
Subsequently, some bondholders have filed suit to block the exchange offer.	Over time, some bondholders have filed suit to block the exchange offer.	1
Subsequently, some bondholders have filed suit to block the exchange offer.	In recent times, some of the bondholders have filed suit to block the exchange offer.	1
Subsequently, some bondholders have filed suit to block the exchange offer.	Some bondholders are filing lawsuits to block the exchange offer.	1
Officer Evans did not respond to requests for an interview last week.	Officer Evans didn't respond to a request for interview last week.	1
Officer Evans did not respond to requests for an interview last week.	Officer Evans did not respond to a request for an interview on last week.	1
The official would not name the leakers for the record and said he had no indication that Mr Bush knew about the calls.	The official wouldn't name the leakers for the record and said he had no indication that Mr. Bush knew about the calls.	1
The official would not name the leakers for the record and said he had no indication that Mr Bush knew about the calls.	The official did not name the leakers for the record and said he had no indication that Mr Bush knew about the calls.	1
The official would not name the leakers for the record and said he had no indication that Mr Bush knew about the calls.	For the record, the official wouldn't name the leakers for the record and said he had no indication that Mr Bush knew about the calls.	1
The official would not name the leakers for the record and said he had no indication that Mr Bush knew about the calls.	According to him, he could not name the leakers for the record and said he had no indication that Mr Bush knew about the calls.	1
The official would not name the leakers for the record and said he had no indication that Mr Bush knew about the calls.	The official would not name the leakers for the record and said he had no indication that Mr. Bush knew about the calls.	1
In his new position, Dynes will earn $395,000, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400.	In his new position, Dynes will earn $395k, a significant increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400.	1
Schering-Plough shares fell 72 cents to close at $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange.	New York Stock Exchange: Schering-Plough shares fell 72 cents to close at $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Schering-Plough shares fell 72 cents to close at $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange.	The share of Schering-Plough fell 72 cents to close at $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Schering-Plough shares fell 72 cents to close at $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Schering-Plough Inc. fell 72 cents to close at $18,34 on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Schering-Plough shares fell 72 cents to close at $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange.	The shares of Schering-Plough fell 72 cents to close at $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Schering-Plough shares fell 72 cents to close at $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Schering-Plough fell 72 cents to close at $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Schering-Plough shares fell 72 cents to close at $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Stocks of Schering-Plough were down 72 cents to close at $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and other top Pentagon officials downplayed Wallace's comments.	Donald Rumsfeld and other top Pentagon officials largely ignored Wallace's comments.	1
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and other top Pentagon officials downplayed Wallace's comments.	Donald Rumsfeld, Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, and other top Pentagon officials have downplayed Wallace's comments.	1
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of St Sophia's camp, when a mudslide smashed into two cabins.	1
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	1
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	Twenty-eight people were thought to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	1
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	When a mudslide smashed into two cabins, twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp.	1
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	Twenty-eight people were believed to be spending Christmas day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	1
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	On Christmas Day, 28 people were thought to have been spending Christmas day with the caretaker of the St. Sophia's camp when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	1
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	Twenty eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when a mudslide smashed into two cabins.	1
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	Twenty-eight people were believed to be spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	1
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	Twenty-eight people were believed to be spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when a mudslide smashed into two cabins.	1
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp when a mudslide smashed into two cabins.	1
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	Twenty-eight people were believed to be spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of St Sophia's camp, when a mudslide smashed into two cabins.	1
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas day with the caretaker of St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	1
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	20-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of St Sophia's camp, when a mudslide smashed into two cabins.	1
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	Twenty-eight people were believed to be spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	1
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when a mudslide smashed into two cabins.	1
One, Fort Carson-based Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania, relatives said.	Fort Carson-based Sergeant Ernest Bucklew, 33, was on his way home to attend his mother's funeral in Pennsylvania, relatives said.	1
And "although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected."	"although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected," it said.	1
And "although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected."	"although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected."	1
And "although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected."	And "although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected".	1
And "although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected."	"although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected".	1
And "although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected."	Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected".	1
And "although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected."	Despite the preconditions for recovery remaining in place, it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected."	1
And "although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected."	Despite the preconditions for recovery remain in place, it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected."	1
One, Capt. Doug McDonald, remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday.	One person, Capt. Doug McDonald, was hospitalized on Thursday. He is in critical condition.	1
One, Capt. Doug McDonald, remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday.	One, Capt. Doug McDonald, remains hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday.	1
One, Capt. Doug McDonald, remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday.	One, Capt. Doug McDonald, remained hospitalized on Thursday in critical condition.	1
Israel's defense minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion in the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign.	Israel's defense minister on Sunday raised the specter of Israeli invasion in the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign.	1
Israel's defense minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion in the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign.	Israeli Defense Minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion of the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign.	1
Israel's defense minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion in the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign.	Israel's defense minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion of Gaza Strip, where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign.	1
Israel's defense minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion in the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign.	Israeli defense minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion in the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign.	1
Israel's defense minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion in the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign.	Israeli defense minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion of Gaza Strip, where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign.	1
Israel's defense minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion in the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign.	Israeli Defense Minister on Sunday raised the specter of an Israeli invasion in the Gaza Strip, where Palestinian militants already face a deadly air campaign.	1
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries defied expectations on Wednesday and lowered its output ceiling by 900,000 barrels a day to 24.5 million barrels starting in November.	The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries defied expectations on Wednesday and lowered its output ceiling by 900,000 barrels a day to 24.5 million barrels beginning in November.	1
The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries defied expectations on Wednesday and lowered its output ceiling by 900,000 barrels a day to 24.5 million barrels starting in November.	The Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries defied expectations on Wednesday and lowered its output ceiling by 900,000 barrels a day to 24.5 million barrels a day starting in November.	1
Though that slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.	Even though the slower spending made 2003 look better, most of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.	1
Though that slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.	Though slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.	1
Though that slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.	Though this slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.	1
Though that slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.	Though the slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.	1
Though that slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.	If that slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.	1
Though that slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.	Although the slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.	1
Though that slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.	While that slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.	1
Though that slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.	Although that slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.	1
Though that slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.	While the slower spending made 2003 look better, many of the expenditures actually will occur in 2004.	1
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.	Whereas Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.	1
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.	Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.	1
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.	So Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.	1
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.	It is believed that Odette will be the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.	1
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.	In December, Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea, the Center said.	1
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.	And Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.	1
Announced last week, Apple's iTunes Music Store has sold over 1 million songs in the first week, the company announced on Monday.	An announcement last week, Apple's iTunes music store has sold over 1 million songs in the first week, the company announced on Monday.	1
"Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices," company vice president Richard Verheij told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee at a separate hearing.	"This communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices," company vice president Richard Verheij told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee at a separate hearing.	1
"Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices," company vice president Richard Verheij told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee at a separate hearing.	"Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices," company vice president Richard Verheij told a separate hearing in the House Energy and Commerce subcommittee.	1
"Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices," company vice president Richard Verheij told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee at a separate hearing.	How will such communication help adult smokers make more informed choices," company vice president Richard Verheij told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee at a separate hearing.	1
After their arrests, the men told investigators they paid to be smuggled into the United States from Canada last month.	After arresting the men, they told investigators they paid to be smuggled into the United States from Canada last month.	1
The Production Index rose by 1.4 percentage points from 51.5 percent in May to 52.9 percent in June.	Production Index rose by 1.4 percentage points from 51.5 percent in May to 52.9 percent in June.	1
The Production Index rose by 1.4 percentage points from 51.5 percent in May to 52.9 percent in June.	In May, the production index rose by 1.4 percentage points from 51.5 percent in May to 52.9 percent in June.	1
Germany, another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday.	Germany, another opponent of the war currently on U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday.	1
Germany, another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday.	Germany is another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, and moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable on Monday.	1
Germany, another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday.	Germany, another opposition of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday.	1
Germany, another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday.	Germany, another hostile of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday.	1
Germany, another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday.	Germany, another German opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday.	1
Germany, another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday.	Germany is another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable on Monday.	1
Germany, another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday.	Germany, another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable on Monday.	1
Germany, another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday.	Germany, another opposing the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday.	1
Germany, another opponent of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday.	Germany, another foreign adversary of the war currently on the U.N. Security Council, has moved closer to the United States, and did not insist on a timetable Monday.	1
Power5, like Power4, includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon.	Power5, like Power4 includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon.	1
Power5, like Power4, includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon.	Power5, like Power4, has two processor cores in a single slice of silicon.	1
Power5, like Power4, includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon.	Power5, also called Power4, has two cores in a single slice of silicon.	1
Special, sensitive light sensors pick up the telltale glow, he said.	Special, sensitive light sensors detect the telltale glow, he said.	1
Special, sensitive light sensors pick up the telltale glow, he said.	Specially sensitive light sensors pick up the telltale glow, he said.	1
Special, sensitive light sensors pick up the telltale glow, he said.	The special, sensitive light sensors picked up the telltale glow, he said.	1
In September 2002, the nearby Gard region was hit by similar floods.	In September 2002, the nearby Gard area was hit by similar floods.	1
Overall, 83 percent of women washed up, compared with 74 percent of men.	Overall, 83 percent of women washed up, compared to 74 percent of men.	1
Overall, 83 percent of women washed up, compared with 74 percent of men.	Approximately 83 percent of women washed up, compared to 75 percent of men.	1
Overall, 83 percent of women washed up, compared with 74 percent of men.	83 percent of women washed up, compared to 74 percent of men.	1
Overall, 83 percent of women washed up, compared with 74 percent of men.	83 percent of women washed up compared with 74% of men.	1
Overall, 83 percent of women washed up, compared with 74 percent of men.	83 percent of women washed up, compared with 74 percent of men.	1
Overall, 83 percent of women washed up, compared with 74 percent of men.	Overall, 83 percent of women washed up, compared with 74% of men.	1
Overall, 83 percent of women washed up, compared with 74 percent of men.	Total, 83 percent of women washed up, compared with 74 percent of men.	1
Overall, 83 percent of women washed up, compared with 74 percent of men.	On average, 83 percent of women washed up, compared with 74 percent of men.	1
Analysts had expected 53 cents a share, according to research firm Thomson First Call.	Thomson First Call: Analysts had expected 53 cents a share, according to research firm Thomson First Call.	1
The number of people in the UK infected by HIV, the virus that causes Aids, increased by almost 20 per cent last year to nearly 50,000.	The number of people in the UK infected with HIV, the virus that causes Aids, increased by almost 20 per cent last year to nearly 50,000.	1
The number of people in the UK infected by HIV, the virus that causes Aids, increased by almost 20 per cent last year to nearly 50,000.	The number of people in the UK infected by HIV - the virus that causes Aids - increased by almost 20 per cent last year to nearly 50,000.	1
The number of people in the UK infected by HIV, the virus that causes Aids, increased by almost 20 per cent last year to nearly 50,000.	In the UK, the number of people infected by HIV, the virus that causes Aids, increased by almost 20 per cent last year to nearly 50,000.	1
The number of people in the UK infected by HIV, the virus that causes Aids, increased by almost 20 per cent last year to nearly 50,000.	Is the number of people in the UK infected by HIV - the virus that causes Aids - growing by almost 20 per cent last year to nearly 50,000?	1
The number of people in the UK infected by HIV, the virus that causes Aids, increased by almost 20 per cent last year to nearly 50,000.	In the UK, the number of people who are infected with HIV, the virus that causes Aids, has increased by almost 20 per cent in the last year, to nearly 50,000.	1
But stocks have rallied sharply over the past 3-1/2 months amid hopes for an economic rebound later this year.	But stocks have rallied sharply over the past three months amid hopes for an economic rebound later this year.	1
"Spring has arrived in Estonia -- we're back in Europe," Prime Minister Juhan Parts told a news conference on Sunday.	"Spring has arrived in Estonia -- we're back in Europe," Estonian pm Juhan Parts told a news conference on Sunday.	1
"Spring has arrived in Estonia -- we're back in Europe," Prime Minister Juhan Parts told a news conference on Sunday.	"The Spring has arrived in Estonia - we're back in Europe", Estonian Prime Minister Juhan Parts told a news conference on Sunday.	1
"Spring has arrived in Estonia -- we're back in Europe," Prime Minister Juhan Parts told a news conference on Sunday.	"Spring has arrived in Estonia -- we're back in Europe", Prime Minister Juhan Parts told a news conference on Sunday.	1
"Spring has arrived in Estonia -- we're back in Europe," Prime Minister Juhan Parts told a news conference on Sunday.	"Spring has arrived in Estonia -- we're back in Europe," Prime Minister Juhan Parts said in a news conference on Sunday.	1
"Spring has arrived in Estonia -- we're back in Europe," Prime Minister Juhan Parts told a news conference on Sunday.	"Spring has arrived in Estonia - we're back in Europe," prime minister Juhan Parts told a news conference on Sunday.	1
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	AMD will buy 60 percent stake in the new company. Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	1
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu will own 40 percent.	1
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	AMD will own a 60% interest in the new company and Fujitsu will own 40 percent.	1
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	AMD will have a 60 percent stake in the new company, while Fujitsu will own 40 percent.	1
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	AMD will own a 60 percent stake in the new company and Fujitsu 40 percent share.	1
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	AMD will own 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu 40 percent.	1
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company while Fujitsu owns 40 percent of the stock.	1
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	AMD will own 60 percent of the shares in the new company while Fujitsu will own 40 percent.	1
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	AMD will own 60 percent of the shares in the new company and Fujitsu 40 percent of the shares.	1
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	AMD will have 60 percent stake in the new company while Fujitsu will own 40 percent.	1
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company, while Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	1
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	AMD will own 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu will own 40 percent interest in the new company.	1
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	AMD owns a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns a 40 percent interest in the new company.	1
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	AMD will own 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	1
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	AMD will own 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu will own 40 percent.	1
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu 40 percent.	1
He was then given leave to appeal against the sentence to the Supreme Court of Appeal.	He was then allowed to appeal against the sentence to the Supreme Court.	1
Songs can be burned to CDs, but the same playlist can only be burned up to five times - Apple's puts the limit at ten burns.	Music can be burned to CDs, but the same playlist can only be burned up to five times - Apple's puts the limit at ten burns.	1
Songs can be burned to CDs, but the same playlist can only be burned up to five times - Apple's puts the limit at ten burns.	Can songs be burned to CDs but same playlist can only be burned up to five times? Apple's puts the limit at ten burns.	1
Songs can be burned to CDs, but the same playlist can only be burned up to five times - Apple's puts the limit at ten burns.	The music can be burned to CDs, but a playlist can only be burned five times - Apple's puts the limit at ten burns.	1
Shares of EDS gained $1.49, or 6.6 percent, to $23.999 early Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of EDS rose $1.49, or 6.6 percent, to $23.999 early Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of EDS gained $1.49, or 6.6 percent, to $23.999 early Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of EDS increased $1.49, or 6.6 percent, to $23.999 early Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of EDS gained $1.49, or 6.6 percent, to $23.999 early Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of EDS gained $1.49, or 6.6 percent, to $23.999, early Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of EDS gained $1.49, or 6.6 percent, to $23.999 early Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of EDS gained $1.49, or 6.6 percent, to $23.999 on the New York Stock Exchange early Wednesday.	1
"There is no conscious policy of the United States, I can assure you of this, to move the dollar at all," he said.	There is no conscious policy of the United States, I can assure you of this, to move the dollar at all," he said.	1
"There is no conscious policy of the United States, I can assure you of this, to move the dollar at all," he said.	"There is no conscious policy of the United States, I can assure you of this, to move the dollar at all", he said.	1
"There is no conscious policy of the United States, I can assure you of this, to move the dollar at all," he said.	I can assure you of this, to move the dollar at all," he said. "There is no conscious policy of the United States, I can assure you of this, to move the dollar at all."	1
The deficit is still expected to top $500 billion in 2004 -- even with an improving economy.	The deficit is still expected to top $500 billion in 2004. Even with a improving economy.	1
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	It's the first drills since the September 11 attacks on New York and Washington.	1
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	It's the first drill drill since the September 11th attacks on New York and Washington.	1
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	This drill is the first such drill since the September 11 attacks on New York and Washington.	1
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	This is the first such drill since the September 11 attacks on New York and Washington.	1
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	The drill is the first such drill since the September 11th attacks on New York and Washington.	1
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	It's the first such drill since the September 11th terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	1
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	It's the first drill since the September 11 attacks on New York and Washington.	1
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	This is the first drill after the September 11th attacks in New York and Washington.	1
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	The drill is the first drill of its kind since the September 11 attacks on New York and Washington.	1
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	It's the first drill since the September 11th attacks on New York and Washington.	1
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	It's the first such drill since the September 11 attacks on New York and Washington.	1
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	The drill is the first such drill since the September 11th terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	1
It's the first such drill since the September 11 terrorist attacks on New York and Washington.	This is the first drill that has happened since the September 11th attacks on New York and Washington.	1
"As a responsible leader we feel it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused," Microsoft told the BBC.	As a responsible leader we feel it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused," Microsoft told the BBC.	1
"As a responsible leader we feel it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused," Microsoft told the BBC.	As a responsible leader, we feel it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused," Microsoft told the BBC.	1
"As a responsible leader we feel it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused," Microsoft told the BBC.	"As a responsible leader we feel it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused," Microsoft told BBC.	1
"As a responsible leader we feel it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused," Microsoft told the BBC.	"As a responsible leader we feel it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused", Microsoft told the BBC.	1
"As a responsible leader we feel it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused," Microsoft told the BBC.	As a responsible leader we feel it necessary to make these changes because online chat services are increasingly being misused", Microsoft told the BBC.	1
We have already found two trailers, both of which we believe were used for the manufacture of biological weapons.	We have found two trailers, both of which we believe were used for the manufacture of biological weapons.	1
America Online last quarter lost 846,000 dial-up subscribers.	America Online lost 846,000 dial-up subscribers in the last quarter.	1
America Online last quarter lost 846,000 dial-up subscribers.	America Online lost 846,000 dial-up subscribers last quarter.	1
America Online last quarter lost 846,000 dial-up subscribers.	America Online is losing 846,000 dial-up subscribers in the last quarter.	1
America Online last quarter lost 846,000 dial-up subscribers.	America Online has lost 846,000 dial-up subscribers in the last quarter.	1
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.	Yangon - Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.	1
Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, her personal physician said.	Myanmar's pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi will return home late Friday but will remain in detention after recovering from surgery at a Yangon hospital, according to her personal physician.	1
Governor Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.	Gov. Gray Davis estimated yesterday that the fires could cost nearly $2 billion.	1
None of the Prairie Plant Systems marijuana can be distributed until the document is made available, she said.	Nothing of the Prairie Plant Systems marijuana can be distributed until the document is made available, she said.	1
None of the Prairie Plant Systems marijuana can be distributed until the document is made available, she said.	No one of the Prairie Plant Systems marijuana can be distributed until the document is made available, she said.	1
According to the Merchant Marine Ministry, the 37-year-old ship is registered to Alpha Shipping Inc. based in the Pacific Ocean nation of Marshall Islands.	The 37-year-old ship is registered to Alpha Shipping Inc. based in the Pacific Ocean nation of Marshall Islands. According to the Merchant Marine Ministry, the ship is registered to Alpha Shipping Inc.	1
According to the Merchant Marine Ministry, the 37-year-old ship is registered to Alpha Shipping Inc. based in the Pacific Ocean nation of Marshall Islands.	According to the Merchant Marine Ministry the 37-year-old ship is registered to Alpha Shipping Inc. based in the Pacific Ocean nation of Marshall Islands.	1
He left the ship after the collision, went to his home, and attempted suicide.	He left the ship after the collision, went to his home and attempted suicide.	1
He left the ship after the collision, went to his home, and attempted suicide.	The man went to his home and attempted suicide. He left the ship after the collision, and tried to go home.	1
He left the ship after the collision, went to his home, and attempted suicide.	In the aftermath of the collision, he left the ship, went to his home, and tried to suicide.	1
He left the ship after the collision, went to his home, and attempted suicide.	After the collision, he left the ship, went to his home, and attempted suicide.	1
He left the ship after the collision, went to his home, and attempted suicide.	He walked out of the ship after the collision, went to his home and attempted suicide.	1
He left the ship after the collision, went to his home, and attempted suicide.	He escaped the ship after the collision, went to his home, and attempted suicide.	1
He left the ship after the collision, went to his home, and attempted suicide.	Then he went to his home and attempted suicide. He left the ship after the collision.	1
"The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical.	The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and is in a critical condition. "	1
"The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical.	The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical.	1
"The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical.	The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical."	1
"The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical.	She was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance. Her condition is critical.	1
"The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical.	"The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical. "	1
"The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical.	"The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical."	1
"The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical.	She was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and is in critical condition.	1
"The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical.	She was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical.	1
"The woman was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance and her condition is critical.	She was taken to New Charing Cross Hospital by ambulance. She is in critical condition. "	1
If sufficient evidence exists at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing, Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.	If enough evidence exists at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing, Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.	1
If sufficient evidence exists at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing, Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.	If sufficient evidence exists after what is expected to be a five-day hearing, Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.	1
If sufficient evidence exists at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing, Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.	When enough evidence is presented at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing, Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.	1
If sufficient evidence exists at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing, Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.	If sufficient evidence is present at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing, Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.	1
If sufficient evidence exists at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing, Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.	If sufficient evidence is presented at the end of what is expected to be a five-day hearing, Peterson will be held for trial on the charges.	1
They returned in 1999 after rebel raids on a neighboring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-building bombings that were blamed on the rebels.	They returned in 1999 after rebel raids on a neighboring Russia region and a series of deadly apartment-building bombings that were blamed on the rebels.	1
They returned in 1999 after rebel raids on a neighboring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-building bombings that were blamed on the rebels.	They returned in 1999 after rebel raids on a neighboring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-building bombings blamed on the rebels.	1
They returned in 1999 after rebel raids on a neighboring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-building bombings that were blamed on the rebels.	They returned in 1999 after rebel raids on a neighboring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment building bombings that were blamed on the rebels.	1
Tropical Storm Claudette continued its slow churn toward the Texas coast early Sunday, with forecasters expecting the plodding storm system to make landfall as a hurricane by early Tuesday.	Tropical Storm Claudette continues to slow its churn toward the Texas coast early Sunday, with forecasters expecting the plodding storm system to make landfall as a hurricane by early Tuesday.	1
Tropical Storm Claudette continued its slow churn toward the Texas coast early Sunday, with forecasters expecting the plodding storm system to make landfall as a hurricane by early Tuesday.	Tropical Storm Claudette continues its slow churn toward the Texas coast early Sunday, with forecasters expecting the plodding storm system to make landfall as a hurricane by early Tuesday.	1
Tropical Storm Claudette continued its slow churn toward the Texas coast early Sunday, with forecasters expecting the plodding storm system to make landfall as a hurricane by early Tuesday.	Tropical Storm Claudette continued its slow churn toward Texas coast early Sunday, forecasters forecast the plodding storm system to make landfall as a hurricane by early Tuesday.	1
Tropical Storm Claudette continued its slow churn toward the Texas coast early Sunday, with forecasters expecting the plodding storm system to make landfall as a hurricane by early Tuesday.	Tropical Storm Claudette pushed toward Texas coast early Sunday, with forecasters expecting the plodding storm system to make landfall as a hurricane by early Tuesday.	1
Tropical Storm Claudette continued its slow churn toward the Texas coast early Sunday, with forecasters expecting the plodding storm system to make landfall as a hurricane by early Tuesday.	Tropical Storm Claudette continues to creep towards the Texas coast early Sunday, with forecasters expecting the plodding storm system to make landfall as a hurricane by early Tuesday.	1
Tropical Storm Claudette continued its slow churn toward the Texas coast early Sunday, with forecasters expecting the plodding storm system to make landfall as a hurricane by early Tuesday.	Tropical Storm Claudette continues to roll towards Texas coast early Sunday, with forecasters expecting the plodding storm system to make landfall as a hurricane by early Tuesday.	1
"Everything is going to move everywhere," Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, said in an interview.	Everything is going to move everywhere," said Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy. "Everything is going to move everywhere," said he in an interview.	1
"Everything is going to move everywhere," Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, said in an interview.	Everything is going to move everywhere, said Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, in an interview.	1
"Everything is going to move everywhere," Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, said in an interview.	Everything is going to move everywhere, says Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, in an interview.	1
"Everything is going to move everywhere," Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, said in an interview.	Everything's going to move everywhere, according to Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, in an interview.	1
"Everything is going to move everywhere," Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, said in an interview.	Everything is going to move everywhere," says Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy in an interview.	1
"Everything is going to move everywhere," Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, said in an interview.	"Everything is going to move everywhere", Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, said in an interview.	1
"Everything is going to move everywhere," Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, said in an interview.	Everything is going to move everywhere," Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, said in an interview.	1
"Everything is going to move everywhere," Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, said in an interview.	"Everything is going to move everywhere," says Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy in an interview.	1
"Everything is going to move everywhere," Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, said in an interview.	"Everything is going to move everywhere," said Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, in an interview.	1
"Everything is going to move everywhere," Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, said in an interview.	Everything is going to move everywhere," said Doug Feith, the Undersecretary of Defence for Policy, in an interview.	1
"Everything is going to move everywhere," Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, said in an interview.	Everything is going to move everywhere," said Doug Feith, undersecretary of defence for policy, in an interview.	1
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.	Several black Democratic leaders were trying to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.	1
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.	Black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC Chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.	1
The company's shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.	The stock plunged 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.	1
The company's shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.	Company's shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.	1
The company's shares fell 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.	The stock is down 3.6 percent to close at $66.89 on the Nasdaq.	1
They also drafted a non-binding priorities list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers.	Also drafted a non-binding priority list, specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers.	1
They also drafted a non-binding priorities list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers.	They also drafted a non-binding priority list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers.	1
They also drafted a non-binding priorities list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers.	In addition, they also drafted a non-binding priorities list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers.	1
They also drafted a non-binding priorities list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers.	Then they drafted a non-binding priorities list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers.	1
They also drafted a non-binding priorities list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers.	In addition, they drafted a non-binding priorities list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers.	1
The Thomson First Call consensus was for earnings of 19 cents a share.	Thomson's First Call consensus was for earnings of 19 cents a share.	1
The Thomson First Call consensus was for earnings of 19 cents a share.	Thomson First Call consensus was for earnings of 19 cents a share.	1
The Thomson First Call consensus was for earnings of 19 cents a share.	Thomson First Call consensus for earnings was 19 cents a share.	1
The Thomson First Call consensus was for earnings of 19 cents a share.	Thomson First Call consensus for earnings of 19 cents a share.	1
"I love the Catholic Church with all my heart, mind, soul and strength," said Troy, who spoke quickly but in a steady voice.	I love the Catholic Church. With all my heart, mind, soul and strength, said Troy, who spoke quickly but in a steady voice.	1
"I love the Catholic Church with all my heart, mind, soul and strength," said Troy, who spoke quickly but in a steady voice.	I love the Catholic Church "with all my heart, mind, soul and strength," said Troy, who spoke fast but in a steady voice.	1
"I love the Catholic Church with all my heart, mind, soul and strength," said Troy, who spoke quickly but in a steady voice.	I love the Catholic Church with all my heart, mind, soul and strength," said Troy, who spoke quickly but in a steady voice.	1
"I love the Catholic Church with all my heart, mind, soul and strength," said Troy, who spoke quickly but in a steady voice.	I love the Catholic Church with all my heart, mind, soul and strength, said Troy, who spoke quickly but in a steady voice.	1
"I love the Catholic Church with all my heart, mind, soul and strength," said Troy, who spoke quickly but in a steady voice.	"I love Catholicism with all my heart, mind, soul and strength," said Troy, who spoke quickly but in a steady voice.	1
"I love the Catholic Church with all my heart, mind, soul and strength," said Troy, who spoke quickly but in a steady voice.	I love the Catholic Church "with all my heart, mind, soul and strength" said Troy, who spoke quickly but in a steady voice.	1
A European Union spokesman said the Commission was consulting EU member states "with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary" on the matter.	A spokesman for the European Union said the Commission was consulting EU member states "with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary" on the matter.	1
A European Union spokesman said the Commission was consulting EU member states "with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary" on the matter.	Europe: European Union spokesman says Commission was consulting EU member states "with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary" on the matter.	1
A European Union spokesman said the Commission was consulting EU member states "with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary" on the matter.	European Union spokesman said the Commission was consulting EU member states "with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary" on the matter.	1
A European Union spokesman said the Commission was consulting EU member states "with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary" on the matter.	The European Commission spokesman said the EU is consulting EU member states with the view to taking appropriate action if necessary on the matter.	1
A European Union spokesman said the Commission was consulting EU member states "with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary" on the matter.	EU spokesman said the Commission was consulting EU member states "with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary" on the matter.	1
A European Union spokesman said the Commission was consulting EU member states "with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary" on the matter.	European Union spokeswoman says the Commission is consulting EU member states "with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary" on the matter.	1
A European Union spokesman said the Commission was consulting EU member states "with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary" on the matter.	In a statement, a spokesman for the European Union said the Commission is consulting EU member states "with a view to taking appropriate action if necessary" on the matter.	1
A divided Supreme Court ruled that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip computers with anti-pornography filters.	A divided Supreme Court ruled that Congress can force the nation's public libraries to equip their computers with anti-pornography filters.	1
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," said Barbara Comstock, Ashcroft's press secretary.	"We make no apology for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," said Barbara Comstock, Ashcroft's press secretary.	1
One man died and 15 others were hospitalized after drinking tainted coffee following the April 27 worship service at Gustaf Adolph Lutheran Church in New Sweden.	One man died and 15 others were hospitalized after drinking tainted coffee after the April 27 worship service at Gustaf Adolph Lutheran Church in New Sweden.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 98.74 points, or 1.12 percent, to 8,949.00.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJI) rose 98.74 points, or 1.12 percent, to 8,949.00.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 98.74 points, or 1.12 percent, to 8,949.00.	Dow Jones industrial average (DJI) rose 98.74 points (up 1.12 percent) to 8,949.00.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 98.74 points, or 1.12 percent, to 8,949.00.	The Dow Jones industrial average.DJI> rose 98.74 points, or 1.12 percent, to 8,949.00.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 98.74 points, or 1.12 percent, to 8,949.00.	The Dow Jones industrial average (.DJI) rose 98.74 points, or 1.12 percent, to 8,949.00.	1
Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.	Thomson First Call's consensus estimate is for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.	1
He blamed guerrillas from the Taliban regime ousted in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber died in the blast.	He blamed guerrillas from the Taliban regime removed in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber died in the blast.	1
He blamed guerrillas from the Taliban regime ousted in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber died in the blast.	He said guerrillas from the Taliban regime ousted in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber died in the blast.	1
He blamed guerrillas from the Taliban regime ousted in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber died in the blast.	He said guerrillas from the Taliban regime was ousted in late 2001 and it was possible the bomber died in the blast.	1
He blamed guerrillas from the Taliban regime ousted in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber died in the blast.	He said he blamed guerrillas from the Taliban regime ousted in late 2001 and said it was possible the bomber died in the blast.	1
Waiting crowds filling the streets on both sides overwhelmed the peacekeepers soon after daylight, sweeping past the barbed wire barricades.	Watching crowds filling the streets on both sides overwhelmed the peacekeepers shortly after daylight, sweeping past the barbed wire barricades.	1
Responding later, Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said, "The comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts.	Saying later, Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said: "The comptroller's statements, while notable for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts.	1
Hannum was five and a half months pregnant when her mother died.	Hannum was 5 and a half months pregnant when her mother died.	1
Goold said reporters' calls to Peterson may have been monitored.	Goold said reporters’ calls to Peterson may have been monitored.	1
Goold said reporters' calls to Peterson may have been monitored.	Goold says reporters' calls to Peterson may have been monitored.	1
Goold said reporters' calls to Peterson may have been monitored.	Goold said journalists' calls to Peterson may have been monitored.	1
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.	In 2000, the state had 6,080,485 residents, according to the U.S. census.	1
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.	In 2000, the state's population was 6,080,485 according to the U.S. census.	1
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.	In 2000, the state's population was 6,080,485, according to the U.S. census.	1
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.	In 2000, it had a population of 6,080,485, according to the U.S. census.	1
Barry Callebaut will be able to use Brach's retail network to sell products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck, which makes chocolate products not sold in the United States.	Barry Callebaut will be able to use Brach's retail network to sell products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck, which makes chocolate products that is not sold in the United States.	1
Barry Callebaut will be able to use Brach's retail network to sell products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck, which makes chocolate products not sold in the United States.	Barry Callebaut will be able to use Brach's retail network to sell products made from its German subsidiary Stollwerck, which makes chocolate products that are not sold in the United States.	1
The other 18 people in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not injured, police spokesman Don Aaron said.	The other 18 people were in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not injured, police spokesman Don Aaron said.	1
The other 18 people in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not injured, police spokesman Don Aaron said.	The other 18 people in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not hurt, police spokesman Don Aaron said.	1
By skirting the FDA's oversight, Eagan said, the quality of the imported drugs is "less predictable" than for those obtained in the United States.	Because the FDA is not addressing its oversight, Eagan said, the quality of the imported drugs is "less predictable" than for those obtained in the United States.	1
By skirting the FDA's oversight, Eagan said, the quality of the imported drugs is "less predictable" than for those obtained in the United States.	By skirting the FDA's oversight, Eagan said, the quality of imported drugs is "less predictable" than for those obtained in the United States.	1
By skirting the FDA's oversight, Eagan said, the quality of the imported drugs is "less predictable" than for those obtained in the United States.	In circumvention of the FDA's oversight, Eagan said, the quality of the imported drugs is "less predictable" than for those obtained in the United States.	1
By skirting the FDA's oversight, Eagan said, the quality of the imported drugs is "less predictable" than for those obtained in the United States.	In bypassing the FDA's oversight, Eagan said, the quality of the imported drugs is "less predictable" than for those obtained in the United States.	1
He also accused royal courtiers of poisoning the brothers’ “little minds”.	He also accused royal courtiers of poisoning the brothers’ little minds.	1
He also accused royal courtiers of poisoning the brothers’ “little minds”.	He also accused royal courtiers of poisoning the brothers' "little minds".	1
The total for the Johnny Depp swashbuckler rose to $232.8 million.	The total for Johnny Depp swashbuckler rose to $232.8 million.	1
The total for the Johnny Depp swashbuckler rose to $232.8 million.	The total sum for the Johnny Depp swashbuckler rose to $232.8 million.	1
The total for the Johnny Depp swashbuckler rose to $232.8 million.	The total for Johnny Depp's swashbuckler rose to $232.8 million.	1
The total for the Johnny Depp swashbuckler rose to $232.8 million.	"The total of Johnny Depp's swashbuckler rose to $232.8 million."	1
The total for the Johnny Depp swashbuckler rose to $232.8 million.	The Johnny Depp swashbucklers had a total of $232.8 million.	1
I would like to congratulate Russia on the successful World Climate Change Conference last week.	I would like to congratulate Russia on the success of the World Climate Change Conference last week.	1
At least seven other governments have signed agreements, but have asked not to have them publicized.	At least seven other countries have signed agreements, but have asked not to be publicized.	1
At least seven other governments have signed agreements, but have asked not to have them publicized.	At least seven other governments have signed agreement, but have asked not to be publicized.	1
At least seven other governments have signed agreements, but have asked not to have them publicized.	At least seven other governments have signed agreements but have asked not to have them publicized.	1
At least seven other governments have signed agreements, but have asked not to have them publicized.	At least seven other governments have signed these agreements, but have asked not to have them publicized.	1
At least seven other governments have signed agreements, but have asked not to have them publicized.	At least seven other governments have signed agreements but have asked not to have them publicly known.	1
At least seven other governments have signed agreements, but have asked not to have them publicized.	At least seven other governments have signed agreements, but have asked not to have them publicly disclosed.	1
At least seven other governments have signed agreements, but have asked not to have them publicized.	At least seven other countries have signed agreements, but have asked not to have them publicized.	1
At least seven other governments have signed agreements, but have asked not to have them publicized.	At least seven other governments have signed agreements, but have asked not to have them publicly known.	1
The G+J executive was testifying in Manhattan's State Supreme Court where O'Donnell and G+J are suing each other for breach of contract.	G+J executive was testifying in Manhattan's State Supreme Court where O'Donnell and G+J are suing each other for breach of contract.	1
The G+J executive was testifying in Manhattan's State Supreme Court where O'Donnell and G+J are suing each other for breach of contract.	In Manhattan, the G+J executive was testifying in Manhattan's State Supreme Court where O'Donnell and G+J are suing each other for breach of contract.	1
The G+J executive was testifying in Manhattan's State Supreme Court where O'Donnell and G+J are suing each other for breach of contract.	In Manhattan, the G+J executive was testifying in the State Supreme Court where O'Donnell and G+J are suing each other for breach of contract.	1
He said: "For the first time there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all."	For the first time there's an easy and affordable way to make this treasure trove of BBC content available to all."	1
He said: "For the first time there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all."	According to him, "for the first time there is an easy and affordable way to make this treasure trove of BBC content available to all".	1
He said: "For the first time there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all."	"For the first time there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all."	1
He said: "For the first time there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all."	"For the first time there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to everyone."	1
He said: "For the first time there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all."	"For the first time, there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to everyone," he said.	1
He said: "For the first time there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all."	"For the first time there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all".	1
He said: "For the first time there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all."	"For the first time there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all people."	1
By 10 p.m., Claudette was centered about 320 miles east of Brownsville, with maximum sustained winds of 65 mph, 9 mph shy of hurricane strength.	At 10 p.m., Claudette was centered about 320 miles east of Brownsville, with maximum sustained winds of 65 mph, 9 mph shy of hurricane strength.	1
"We must not engage in borough warfare," Thompson testified at a budget hearing by the City Council's Finance Committee.	"We cannot engage in borough warfare," Thompson said at a budget hearing by the City Council's Finance Committee.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 3.14 points, or 0.29 percent, to 1,071.99.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index has dropped 3.14 points, or 0.29 percent, to 1,071.99.	1
He took batting practice on the field for the second time Tuesday since his opening-day injury.	He took batting practice on the field for the second time Tuesday since his opening day injury.	1
He took batting practice on the field for the second time Tuesday since his opening-day injury.	He took batting practice on the field for the second time Tuesday since his opener injury.	1
He took batting practice on the field for the second time Tuesday since his opening-day injury.	He took batting practice Tuesday for the second time since his opening day injury.	1
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora[67]," to extend the contest until 7 p.m. EST Sunday.	Three vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora[67]," to extend the contest until 7 p.m. EST Sunday.	1
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora[67]," to extend the contest until 7 p.m. EST Sunday.	After three vigilante-style attacks, the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora[67]," extended the contest until 7 p.m. EST Sunday.	1
The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.	The new Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.	1
But to see those pages, users would be required by Amazon to register, and Amazon plans to limit the amount of any single book a customer can view.	But to see those pages, users would be required by Amazon to register, and Amazon plans to limit the amount of a single book a customer can view.	1
But to see those pages, users would be required by Amazon to register, and Amazon plans to limit the amount of any single book a customer can view.	But to view those pages, users would be required by Amazon to register, and Amazon plans to limit the amount of any single book a customer can view.	1
But to see those pages, users would be required by Amazon to register, and Amazon plans to limit the amount of any single book a customer can view.	Amazon: To see those pages, users would be required by Amazon to register, and Amazon plans to limit the amount of any single book a customer can view.	1
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.	Eric Gagne pitched an excellent ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.	1
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.	Eric Gagne put on a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.	1
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.	Eric Gagne threw a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.	1
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.	Eric Gagne got a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.	1
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.	Eric Gagne put up a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.	1
Eric Gagne pitched a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.	Eric Gagne had a perfect ninth for his 23rd save in as many opportunities.	1
Also Thursday, the NYSE's board elected six new directors - three non-industry representatives and three industry representatives.	As of Thursday, the NYSE's board of directors elected six new directors - three non-industry representatives and three industry representatives.	1
Also Thursday, the NYSE's board elected six new directors - three non-industry representatives and three industry representatives.	On Thursday, the NYSE board of directors elected six new directors - three non-industry representatives and three industry representatives.	1
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	Between 1993 and 2002, 142 accusations of sexual assault were reported.	1
Between 1993 and 2002, 142 allegations of sexual assault were reported.	Between 1993 and 2002, 142 sexual assaults were reported.	1
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.	Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of... (how) he left the company" Mr Argus said.	1
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.	After leaving the firm, Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of... (how) he left the company" Mr Argus said.	1
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.	"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of... (how) he left the company", Mr Argus said.	1
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.	"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.	1
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.	Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.	1
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.	"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of (how) he left the company" Mr Argus said.	1
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.	"Mr. Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.	1
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.	Mr Gilbertson was entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.	1
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.	"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of how he left the company," Mr Argus said.	1
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.	Mr Gilbertson has been entitled to superannuation payments irrespective of... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.	1
Five Big East schools, Connecticut, Pittsburgh, Rutgers, Virginia Tech and West Virginia, filed the lawsuit June 6.	Five Big East schools, Connecticut, Pittsburgh, Rutgers, Virginia Tech and West Virginia, filed lawsuit June 6.	1
Five Big East schools, Connecticut, Pittsburgh, Rutgers, Virginia Tech and West Virginia, filed the lawsuit June 6.	Five Big East schools, Connecticut, Pittsburgh, Rutgers, Virginia Tech, West Virginia, filed the lawsuit June 6.	1
Five Big East schools, Connecticut, Pittsburgh, Rutgers, Virginia Tech and West Virginia, filed the lawsuit June 6.	Five Big East schools, Connecticut, Pittsburgh, Rutgers, Virginia Tech and West Virginia, filed lawsuits June 6.	1
Five Big East schools, Connecticut, Pittsburgh, Rutgers, Virginia Tech and West Virginia, filed the lawsuit June 6.	Five Big East schools, Connecticut, Pittsburgh, Rutgers, Virginia Tech and West Virginia, sued June 6.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign but he has recovered.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to start a campaign, but he is recovered.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin his campaign but he is recovered.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign but he is recovered.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham said his operation was not the best way to start a campaign but he is recovering from it.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign but he is recovering.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham said his surgery was not exactly the way to begin his campaign but he has recovered.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham said surgery was not the best way to begin a campaign but he is recovered.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign but he is now recovered.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign but is recovering.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham said surgery was not the best way to start a campaign but he is recovered.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham says the surgery was not the best way to begin a campaign but he is recovered.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to start a campaign, but he is recovering.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham says surgery was not the way to start a campaign, but he is recovered.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign but is recovered.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham said surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign but he is recovered.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to start a campaign, but he is now recovering.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to start a campaign but he is recovered.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham said surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign but he is recovering.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovering.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham says surgery was not the best way to start a campaign but he is recovered.	1
As temperatures soar above 50 degrees (120 Fahrenheit), fridges and air conditioners have stuttered to a halt in Basra.	As temperatures soar above 50 degrees (120 Fahrenheit), refrigerators and air conditioners have stuttered to a halt in Basra.	1
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.	Chief merchandising officer oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.	1
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.	Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company or basically what it should stand for.	1
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.	Chief merchandising officer oversees the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.	1
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.	Chief Merchandising Officer oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.	1
Chief merchandising officers oversee the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.	The Chief Merchandising Officer oversees the buying and development of merchandise, deciding the merchandising direction of the company, or basically what it should stand for.	1
"September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in the statement.	"September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," said George Scalise, the SIA's president.	1
"September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in the statement.	"September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," said George Scalise, the SIA's president, in the statement.	1
"September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in the statement.	"The September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," said George Scalise, the SIA's president, in the statement.	1
"September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in the statement.	"September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is growing briskly," George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in a statement.	1
"September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in the statement.	"September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," George Scalise, the SIA president, said in the statement.	1
"September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in the statement.	The September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly, George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in the statement.	1
The ISM noted that "with the exception of March 2003, growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002."	It noted that "with the exception of March 2003, growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002."	1
The ISM noted that "with the exception of March 2003, growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002."	The ISM noted that with the exception of March 2003, growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002.	1
The ISM noted that "with the exception of March 2003, growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002."	The ISM noted that "with the exception of March 2003, growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month starting with February 2002."	1
The ISM noted that "with the exception of March 2003, growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002."	The ISM noted that "with the exception of March 2003, growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002"	1
That investigation closed without any charges being laid.	The investigation closed without charges.	1
That investigation closed without any charges being laid.	The investigation was closed without any charges being filed.	1
Beagle 2 is attached to Mars Express by what is known as a Spin-Up and Ejection Mechanism (Suem).	"The Beagle 2 is attached to Mars Express by what is known as a Spin-Up and Ejection Mechanism (Suem).	1
Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus who is playing on a sponsor's exemption, birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69.	Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus who is playing on sponsor's exemption, birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69.	1
Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus who is playing on a sponsor's exemption, birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69.	Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus, is playing in sponsor's exemption. He birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69.	1
Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus who is playing on a sponsor's exemption, birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69.	Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus, who is playing on a sponsor's exemption, birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69.	1
Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus who is playing on a sponsor's exemption, birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69.	Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus, is playing on a sponsor's exemption. He birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69.	1
Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus who is playing on a sponsor's exemption, birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69.	Gary Nicklaus, the 34-year-old son of Jack Nicklaus, was playing on a sponsor's exemption. He birdied five of his first nine holes before faltering to a 69.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 index was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index (.SPX) was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	Is the broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year?	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	Standard & Poor's 500 index.SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index, up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	Across the board, the broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	Stock price for Standard & Poor's 500 Index (SPX) was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	Is the broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year?	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	''Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index was up 3.41 points, or 0.35 percent, at 967.00, also its highest close so far this year.	1
"There is no conscious policy on the part of the United States to move the dollar at all," Snow said.	"There is no conscious policy on the part of the United States to move the dollar at all", said Snow.	1
"There is no conscious policy on the part of the United States to move the dollar at all," Snow said.	There is no conscious policy on the part of the United States to move the dollar at all," Snow said.	1
"There is no conscious policy on the part of the United States to move the dollar at all," Snow said.	"There is no conscious policy on the part of the United States to move the dollar at all" Snow said.	1
"There is no conscious policy on the part of the United States to move the dollar at all," Snow said.	"There is no conscious policy on the part of the United States to move the dollar at all," said Snow.	1
"Events on our system, in and of themselves, could not account for the widespread nature of the outage," FirstEnergy Chief Executive Peter Burg told the House panel.	'Events on our system, in and of themselves, could not account for the widespread nature of the outage," FirstEnergy chief executive Peter Burg told the House panel.	1
Kinsley, for example, wrote in the Post Monday: "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number.	For example, Kinsley wrote in the Post Monday: "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number.	1
Kinsley, for example, wrote in the Post Monday: "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number.	Kinsley says in the Post Monday: "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number.	1
Kinsley, for example, wrote in the Post Monday: "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number.	Kinsley, for example, wrote in the Post Monday: "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number."	1
Kinsley, for example, wrote in the Post Monday: "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number.	Kinsley wrote in the Post Monday: "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number."	1
Kinsley, for example, wrote in the Post Monday: "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number.	Kinsley writes in the Post Monday: "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number."	1
Kinsley, for example, wrote in the Post Monday: "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number.	Kinsley wrote in the Post Monday: "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number.	1
Kinsley, for example, wrote in the Post Monday: "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number.	Kinsley wrote in the Post Monday: "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number. "	1
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.	He projected Vanderpool would be available within the next five years.	1
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.	He is projected Vanderpool is available within the next five years.	1
The ambassador said it was up to the Americans to press the Iraqis to make the invitation, which he said the United States appears unwilling to do.	Previously, the American ambassador said it was up to the Americans to press the Iraqis to make the invitation, which he said the United States appears unwilling to do.	1
The ambassador said it was up to the Americans to press the Iraqis to make the invitation, which he said the United States appears unwilling to do.	Ambassador said it was up to the Americans to press the Iraqis to make the invitation, which he said the United States appears unwilling to do.	1
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.	In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7%, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6%.	1
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.	The tech-heavy Nasdaq Composite Index fell 3.99, or 0.2%, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.	1
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.	The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72 following a two-day victory of 55.93.	1
The tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.	What's more, the tech-heavy Nasdaq composite index fell 3.99, or 0.2 percent, to 1,682.72, following a two-day win of 55.93.	1
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.	He was released on $3 million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.	1
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.	After he was released on $3 million bail, he immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.	1
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.	He was released on bail on a $3-million bond and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.	1
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.	When his bail was reached he was released on $3 million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas where he had been filming a video.	1
He was released on $3-million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.	He was released on bail on $3.3 million bail and immediately returned to Las Vegas, where he had been filming a video.	1
"It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived," Sprayregen said.	"It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short or long-lived," Sprayregen said.	1
"It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived," Sprayregen said.	"It remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived" Sprayregen said.	1
Dividends are currently taxed at ordinary income tax rates of as much as 38.6 per cent.	Dividends are currently taxed at ordinary income tax rates of 38.6 per cent.	1
Dividends are currently taxed at ordinary income tax rates of as much as 38.6 per cent.	Dividends are currently taxed at ordinary income tax of as much as 38.6 per cent.	1
Dividends are currently taxed at ordinary income tax rates of as much as 38.6 per cent.	Dividends are currently taxed at ordinary income tax rate of as much as 38.6 per cent.	1
Dividends are currently taxed at ordinary income tax rates of as much as 38.6 per cent.	Dividends are taxed at ordinary income tax rates of up to 38.6 per cent.	1
Dividends are currently taxed at ordinary income tax rates of as much as 38.6 per cent.	Dividends are currently taxed at ordinary income tax of up to 38.6 per cent.	1
There was no way the man could hear him, but he turned in the rescuers' direction, forlorn, hopeless.	There was no way the man could hear him but he turned on the rescuers' direction, forlorn, hopeless.	1
There was no way the man could hear him, but he turned in the rescuers' direction, forlorn, hopeless.	The man could not hear them, but he turned in the rescuers' direction, forlorn, hopeless.	1
Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, a Tennessee Republican, said he intended to work to get the loan provision removed from the final bill.	Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, a Tennessee Republican, said he intends to work to get rid of the loan provision from the final bill.	1
Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, a Tennessee Republican, said he intended to work to get the loan provision removed from the final bill.	Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, a Tennessee Republican, said he intends to work to get the loan provision removed from the final bill.	1
Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, a Tennessee Republican, said he intended to work to get the loan provision removed from the final bill.	The Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist, a Tennessee Republican, said he intends to work to get the loan provision removed from the final bill.	1
"And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.	"And about eight to 10 seconds down I hit.	1
"And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.	And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.	1
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.	"I m proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday s referendum were counted.	1
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.	"I am very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday s referendum were counted.	1
The two blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits – to their dismay.	The two blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits - to their dismay.	1
The two blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits – to their dismay.	Both blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits – to their dismay.	1
The two blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits – to their dismay.	Two blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits - to their dismay.	1
The two blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits – to their dismay.	Two blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits – to their dismay.	1
The two blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits – to their dismay.	Both blond opponents looked very similar in powder blue outfits – to their dismay.	1
The House Government Reform Committee rapidly approved the legislation this morning.	The House Government Reform Committee has quickly approved the bill this morning.	1
The House Government Reform Committee rapidly approved the legislation this morning.	The House Government Reform Committee quickly approved the legislation this morning.	1
The House Government Reform Committee rapidly approved the legislation this morning.	House Government Reform Committee quickly approved the legislation this morning.	1
The House Government Reform Committee rapidly approved the legislation this morning.	The House government reform committee quickly approved the legislation this morning.	1
The House Government Reform Committee rapidly approved the legislation this morning.	The House Government Reform Committee quickly approved the bill this morning.	1
The House Government Reform Committee rapidly approved the legislation this morning.	House government reform committee rapidly approved the legislation today morning.	1
The House Government Reform Committee rapidly approved the legislation this morning.	The House Government Reform Committee quickly approved the legislation today morning.	1
The House Government Reform Committee rapidly approved the legislation this morning.	House Government Reform Committee quickly approved the bill this morning.	1
The House Government Reform Committee rapidly approved the legislation this morning.	House Government Reform Committee quickly approved the legislation today morning.	1
The House Government Reform Committee rapidly approved the legislation this morning.	House government reform committee quickly approved the legislation this morning.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	1
"Allison just proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	"Allison proves that you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist at the Houston-Galveston weather office.	1
"Allison just proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	"Allison just proves that you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	1
"Allison just proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	"Allison just proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist at the Houston-Galveston weather office.	1
"Allison just proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	"Allison demonstrates you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	1
"Allison just proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	"Allison shows you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	1
"Allison just proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	“Allison is proof you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	1
"Allison just proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	"Allison proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	1
"Allison just proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	"Allison proves that you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	1
"Allison just proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	Allison proves that you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	1
Today, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 2001 attacks.	Today, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 attacks.	1
Today, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 2001 attacks.	Analysts say that UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since September 11 2001 attacks.	1
Today, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 2001 attacks.	Today, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since 9/11 2001 attacks.	1
Today, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 2001 attacks.	Today, analysts say, UN members cannot no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 attacks.	1
Today, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 2001 attacks.	Today, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since September 11 2001 attacks.	1
The seizure of the money was confirmed by a US Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad in rebuilding the country's banking and financial system.	The seizures of the money was confirmed by a US Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad in rebuilding the country's banking and financial system.	1
The seizure of the money was confirmed by a US Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad in rebuilding the country's banking and financial system.	The seizure of the money was confirmed by a US Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad in building the country's banking and financial system.	1
The seizure of the money was confirmed by a US Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad in rebuilding the country's banking and financial system.	The seizure of the money was confirmed by a US Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad in the rebuilding of the country's banking and financial system.	1
The seizure of the money was confirmed by a US Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad in rebuilding the country's banking and financial system.	When the US seized the money, it was confirmed by a US Treasury official who was assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad to rebuild the country's banking and financial system.	1
The seizure of the money was confirmed by a US Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad in rebuilding the country's banking and financial system.	The seizure of the money was confirmed by a US Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad in building up the country's banking and financial system.	1
The lawsuit, filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration, names Lay and Skilling among others.	The suit, filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration, names Lay and Skilling among others.	1
Police say CIBA was involved in the importation of qat, a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the United States.	Police say the CIBA is involved in the importation of qat, a narcotic substance banned in the United States but legal in Britain.	1
Police say CIBA was involved in the importation of qat, a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the United States.	Police say the CIBA was involved in the importation of qat, a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the United States.	1
Police say CIBA was involved in the importation of qat, a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the United States.	Police say CIBA was involved in the import of qat, a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the United States.	1
Police say CIBA was involved in the importation of qat, a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the United States.	CIBA was involved in the import of qat, a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the United States. Police say CIBA was involved in the import of qat, a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the United States.	1
We can make life very difficult for terrorist elements, we can scatter them, we can cut off one head here and one tentacle there.	Can we make life very difficult for terrorist elements, we can scatter them, we can cut off one head here and one tentacle there?	1
We can make life very difficult for terrorist elements, we can scatter them, we can cut off one head here and one tentacle there.	Can we make life very difficult for terrorist elements we can scatter them, we can cut off one head here and one tentacle there?	1
We can make life very difficult for terrorist elements, we can scatter them, we can cut off one head here and one tentacle there.	We can make life difficult for terrorist elements, we can scatter them, we can cut off one head here and one tentacle there. We can do that.	1
We can make life very difficult for terrorist elements, we can scatter them, we can cut off one head here and one tentacle there.	We can make life difficult for terrorist elements, we can scatter them, we can cut off one head here and one tentacle there.	1
Overall, students are most likely to be taught by a 15-year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching, the work-force portrait shows.	Overall, students are most likely to be taught by a 15 year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching, the work-force portrait shows.	1
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	The stock of Carnival Corp. was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	1
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	Stock of Carnival Corp. was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	1
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	Stocks of Carnival Corp. were trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	1
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	The shares of Carnival Corp. were trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	1
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	In midday trading, Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	1
According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.	According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic population was listed as 35.8 percent.	1
According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.	According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed as 35.8 percent.	1
Lewis, the WBC champion, can still fight June 21 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles against another opponent.	The WBC champion, Lewis, can still fight June 21 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles against another opponent.	1
BEA Systems Inc. BEAS.O on Thursday said second-quarter profits rose 28 percent, as revenues grew amid a contracting overall market for business software.	BEA Systems Inc. (BEAS.O) on Thursday said second quarter profits rose 28 percent, as revenues grew amid a contracting overall market for business software.	1
BEA Systems Inc. BEAS.O on Thursday said second-quarter profits rose 28 percent, as revenues grew amid a contracting overall market for business software.	BEA Systems Inc. BEAS.O said on Thursday that second quarter profits rose 28 percent, as revenues grew amid a contracting overall market for business software.	1
BEA Systems Inc. BEAS.O on Thursday said second-quarter profits rose 28 percent, as revenues grew amid a contracting overall market for business software.	BEA Systems Inc. (BEAS.O) on Thursday said second-quarter profits rose 28 percent, as revenues grew amid a contracting overall market for business software.	1
BEA Systems Inc. BEAS.O on Thursday said second-quarter profits rose 28 percent, as revenues grew amid a contracting overall market for business software.	BEA Systems Inc. BEAS.O said on Thursday second-quarter profits rose 28 percent, as revenues grew amid a contracting overall market for business software.	1
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.	This will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.	1
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.	The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed for four consecutive weeks.	1
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.	The market's broad gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.	1
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.	Market broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.	1
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.	Shares on broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.	1
WinFS will require that applications be rewritten to exploit such capabilities.	WinFS requires that applications be rewritten to exploit such capabilities.	1
WinFS will require that applications be rewritten to exploit such capabilities.	To exploit WinFS, it requires that applications be rewritten to exploit such capabilities.	1
The pilot decided to fly to Kennedy, which has longer runways than Newark Airport.	The pilot decided to fly to Kennedy, which has a longer runway than Newark Airport.	1
The pilot decided to fly to Kennedy, which has longer runways than Newark Airport.	To make the decision, the pilot flew to Kennedy, which has longer runways than Newark.	1
The pilot decided to fly to Kennedy, which has longer runways than Newark Airport.	The pilot decided to fly to Kennedy, which has a longer runway than Newark.	1
The pilot decided to fly to Kennedy, which has longer runways than Newark Airport.	The pilot chose to fly to Kennedy, which has longer runways than Newark.	1
The pilot decided to fly to Kennedy, which has longer runways than Newark Airport.	From Kennedy airport, the pilot decided to fly to the Kennedy airport, which has longer runways than Newark Airport.	1
The pilot decided to fly to Kennedy, which has longer runways than Newark Airport.	Pilot decided to fly to Kennedy, which has a longer runway than Newark Airport.	1
The pilot decided to fly to Kennedy, which has longer runways than Newark Airport.	He planned to fly to Kennedy, which has a longer runway than Newark Airport.	1
The pilot decided to fly to Kennedy, which has longer runways than Newark Airport.	Pilot was flying to Kennedy, which has longer runways than Newark Airport.	1
The number of probable cases dropped to 64 on Tuesday from 66 on Monday in and around Toronto, a city of four million people.	So far, the number of probable cases dropped to 64 on Tuesday from 66 on Monday in and around Toronto, a city of four million people.	1
The number of probable cases dropped to 64 on Tuesday from 66 on Monday in and around Toronto, a city of four million people.	As for probable causes, the number of cases dropped to 64 on Tuesday from 66 on Monday in and around Toronto, a city of four million people.	1
Symbol's former chief accounting officer, Robert Korkuc, is expected to plead guilty in a federal court in Long Island later Thursday, according to reports.	Robert Korkuc, Symbol's former chief accounting officer, is expected to plead guilty in a federal court in Long Island later Thursday, according to reports.	1
Symbol's former chief accounting officer, Robert Korkuc, is expected to plead guilty in a federal court in Long Island later Thursday, according to reports.	Robert Korkuc, former chief accounting officer of Symbol, will plead guilty in a federal court in Long Island later Thursday, according to reports.	1
Two partners in Grant Thornton's Italian business were arrested last week and questioned by magistrates investigating the collapse of Parmalat, the Italian dairy company.	Two Italian partners in Grant Thornton's Italian business were arrested last week and questioned by magistrates investigating the collapse of Parmalat, the Italian dairy company.	1
Two partners in Grant Thornton's Italian business were arrested last week and questioned by magistrates investigating the collapse of Parmalat, the Italian dairy company.	Two of Grant Thornton's Italian business partners were arrested last week and questioned by magistrates investigating the collapse of Parmalat, the Italian dairy company.	1
Two partners in Grant Thornton's Italian business were arrested last week and questioned by magistrates investigating the collapse of Parmalat, the Italian dairy company.	Two partner in Grant Thornton's Italian business were arrested last week and questioned by magistrates investigating the collapse of Parmalat, the Italian dairy company.	1
Two partners in Grant Thornton's Italian business were arrested last week and questioned by magistrates investigating the collapse of Parmalat, the Italian dairy company.	Two partners of Grant Thornton's Italian business were arrested last week and questioned by magistrates investigating the collapse of Parmalat, the Italian dairy company.	1
Two partners in Grant Thornton's Italian business were arrested last week and questioned by magistrates investigating the collapse of Parmalat, the Italian dairy company.	Two of Grant Thornton's Italian partners were arrested last week and questioned by magistrates investigating the collapse of Parmalat, the Italian dairy company.	1
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.	But the Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.	1
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.	According to him, he proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.	1
The industry censor forbade the sexual innuendo contained in the play and would not allow the characters to sleep together.	Besides this, the industry censorship forbade the sexual innuendo in the play and would not allow the characters to sleep together.	1
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	Chiron has almost 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	1
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	Chiron already have nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	1
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	Chiron also has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	1
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	Chiron is already getting nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect shareholders.	1
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	Chiron already has almost 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	1
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect shareholders.	1
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	Chiron has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect shareholders.	1
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	Chiron has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	1
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	Chiron will already receive nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	1
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	Chiron is already receiving nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	1
Mark Kaiser, vice-president of marketing, and Tim Lee, vice-president of purchasing, were dismissed last week.	Mark Kaiser, vice-president of marketing, and Tim Lee, vice-president of purchasing, were fired last week.	1
Mark Kaiser, vice-president of marketing, and Tim Lee, vice-president of purchasing, were dismissed last week.	Mark Kaiser, vice-president of marketing, and Tim Lee, vice-president of purchasing were dismissed last week.	1
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.	The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm and no shares of PalmSource for each share of Handspring common stock.	1
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.	In essence, the transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.	1
It doesnt appear the children struggled, Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone said Saturday.	It doesnt seem the children struggled, Prowers County coroner Joe Giadone said Saturday.	1
It doesnt appear the children struggled, Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone said Saturday.	It doesn't appear the children struggled, Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone said Saturday.	1
It doesnt appear the children struggled, Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone said Saturday.	It doesnt appear the children struggled, said Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone Saturday.	1
It doesnt appear the children struggled, Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone said Saturday.	It doesnt appear the children struggled, said Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone on Saturday.	1
The most recent was in 1998, when Dr Barnett Slepian was killed in his home in Amherst, New York.	The most recent was in 1998, when Dr Barnett Slepian was murdered in his home in Amherst, New York.	1
The most recent was in 1998, when Dr Barnett Slepian was killed in his home in Amherst, New York.	The most recent was in 1998, when Dr. Barnett Slepian was killed in his home in Amherst, New York.	1
In Washington on Sunday, FBI spokesman John Iannarelli said the bureau will join the investigation in An-Najaf.	In Washington on Sunday, FBI spokesman John Iannarelli said the bureau would join the investigation in An-Najaf.	1
In Washington on Sunday, FBI spokesman John Iannarelli said the bureau will join the investigation in An-Najaf.	In Washington on Sunday, the FBI spokesman John Iannarelli said the bureau will join the investigation in An-Najaf.	1
In Washington on Sunday, FBI spokesman John Iannarelli said the bureau will join the investigation in An-Najaf.	In Washington on Sunday, a FBI spokesman John Iannarelli said the bureau will join the investigation in An-Najaf.	1
Jason Giambi capitalized with an RBI single to center.	Jason Giambi went for the RBI with a single to center.	1
Jason Giambi capitalized with an RBI single to center.	Jason Giambi scored with an RBI single to center.	1
Jason Giambi capitalized with an RBI single to center.	Jason Giambi slugged an RBI single to center.	1
Jason Giambi capitalized with an RBI single to center.	Jason Giambi slugged a RBI single to center.	1
Jason Giambi capitalized with an RBI single to center.	Jason Giambi was able to capitalize on a RBI single to center.	1
Jason Giambi capitalized with an RBI single to center.	Jason Giambi scored on a RBI single to center.	1
Jason Giambi capitalized with an RBI single to center.	Jason Giambi has an RBI single to center.	1
Jason Giambi capitalized with an RBI single to center.	Jason Giambi capitalized with a RBI single to center.	1
Cabrera was called up to help in left field because Todd Hollandsworth has not been productive.	But Cabrera was called up to help in left field because Todd Hollandsworth has not been productive.	1
Cabrera was called up to help in left field because Todd Hollandsworth has not been productive.	Is Cabrera being called up to help in left field because Todd Hollandsworth has not been productive?	1
Months later, another clinic doctor, Dr. Wayne Patterson, was killed away from the clinic.	A month later, another clinic doctor, Dr. Wayne Patterson, was killed away from the clinic.	1
"Although some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings," John C. McCarthy, Forrester Group director, said.	"While some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings," John C. McCarthy, Forrester Group director, said.	1
"Although some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings," John C. McCarthy, Forrester Group director, said.	“Although some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings," John C. McCarthy, Forrester Group director, said.	1
"Although some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings," John C. McCarthy, Forrester Group director, said.	Some firms can show BPO savings, but vendors overstate their current offerings," John McCarthy, Forrester Group director, said.	1
"Although some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings," John C. McCarthy, Forrester Group director, said.	Some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings," John C. McCarthy, Forrester Group director, said.	1
"Although some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings," John C. McCarthy, Forrester Group director, said.	Forrester: "Although some firms show BPO savings, vendors overstate their current offerings," John C. McCarthy, Forrester Group director, said.	1
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's panties.	Bloodsworth was cleared with evidence of semen stain on the victim's panties.	1
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's panties.	Bloodsworth - ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's panties.	1
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's panties.	Bloodsworth was eventually cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's panties.	1
Rescue workers had to scrounge for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.	Disaster Rescue Workers had to search for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.	1
Rescue workers had to scrounge for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.	Rescuers had to scrounge for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.	1
Rescue workers had to scrounge for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.	Rescue workers had to hunt for boat to retrieve residents stranded by high water.	1
Rescue workers had to scrounge for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.	Rescue crews had to search for boats to rescue residents stranded by high water.	1
Rescue workers had to scrounge for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.	Rescue crews had to scrounge for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.	1
Rescue workers had to scrounge for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.	The rescue workers had to scrounge for boats to retrieve residents stranded by high water.	1
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.	Ernst and Young has denied any wrongdoing, and plans to fight the allegations.	1
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.	Ernst & Young has denied allegations of wrongdoing and will fight it.	1
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.	Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and will fight the allegations.	1
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	World Airways, Inc. and North American Airlines, Inc. have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	1
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	1
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. have filed applications seeking authority to provide services to Iraq.	1
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	World Airways and North American Airlines have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	1
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. both filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	1
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	1
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	Both World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. have filed applications seeking authority to provide services to Iraq.	1
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	World Airways and North American Airlines filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	1
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. both have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	1
When the manager let him in the apartment, Brianna was in her mother's bedroom lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching cartoons.	When the manager let him in the apartment, Brianna was in her mother's bedroom lying in a baby's bathtub covered with a towel and watching cartoons.	1
When the manager let him in the apartment, Brianna was in her mother's bedroom lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching cartoons.	When the manager let him into the apartment, Brianna was in her mother's bedroom lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching cartoons.	1
When the manager let him in the apartment, Brianna was in her mother's bedroom lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching cartoons.	When the manager let him in the apartment, Brianna was lying in her mother's bedroom lying in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching cartoons.	1
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.	DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.	1
Inflation-index bonds are carrying an interest rate of 4.66 percent.	Inflation Index Bonds are carrying an interest rate of 4.66 percent.	1
Inflation-index bonds are carrying an interest rate of 4.66 percent.	Inflation index bonds are carrying an interest rate of 4.66 percent.	1
Inflation-index bonds are carrying an interest rate of 4.66 percent.	Inflation index bonds carry an interest rate of 4.66 percent.	1
Inflation-index bonds are carrying an interest rate of 4.66 percent.	Inflation index bonds have a interest rate of 4.66 percent.	1
Inflation-index bonds are carrying an interest rate of 4.66 percent.	Inflation index bonds are carried an interest rate of 4.66 percent.	1
Inflation-index bonds are carrying an interest rate of 4.66 percent.	Inflation Index bonds carry an interest rate of 4.66 percent.	1
Inflation-index bonds are carrying an interest rate of 4.66 percent.	Inflation index bonds have an interest rate of 4.66 percent.	1
Inflation-index bonds are carrying an interest rate of 4.66 percent.	Inflation Index bonds are carrying an interest rate of 4.66 percent.	1
Inflation-index bonds are carrying an interest rate of 4.66 percent.	Inflation-index bonds carry an interest rate of 4.66 percent.	1
The state wants to kill the wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.	The state wants to kill wolves in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.	1
Air Transport Association spokeswoman Diana Cronan said that travel was down in May through July and that she also expected it to be off over Labor Day.	Air Transport Association spokeswoman Diana Cronan said travel was down in May through July and that she also expected it to be off over Labor Day.	1
Air Transport Association spokeswoman Diana Cronan said that travel was down in May through July and that she also expected it to be off over Labor Day.	Air Transport Association spokeswoman Diana Cronan said that she expects it to be off over Labor Day. She said that air travel is down in May through July.	1
Air Transport Association spokeswoman Diana Cronan said that travel was down in May through July and that she also expected it to be off over Labor Day.	According to Air Transport Association spokeswoman Diana Cronan, travel was down from May through July and that she also expected it to be off over Labor Day.	1
"NASA's organizational culture and structure had as much to do with this accident as the (loose) foam."	“NASA's organizational culture and structure had as much to do with this accident as the (loose) foam.”	1
"NASA's organizational culture and structure had as much to do with this accident as the (loose) foam."	"NASA's organizational culture and structure had as much to do with this accident as the loose foam."	1
Civil liberties groups protested and a US district judge ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional promotion of religion.	Civil liberties groups protested, and a US district judge ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional promotion of religion.	1
Civil liberties groups protested and a US district judge ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional promotion of religion.	Civil Liberties activists protested and a US district judge ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional promotion of religion.	1
Civil liberties groups protested and a US district judge ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional promotion of religion.	Civil liberties protested and a US district judge ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional promotion of religion.	1
Civil liberties groups protested and a US district judge ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional promotion of religion.	Civil Liberties groups protested and a US district judge ruled that the monument was unconstitutional promotion of religion.	1
Civil liberties groups protested and a US district judge ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional promotion of religion.	Civil Liberties protested and a US district judge ruled that the monument was an unconstitutional promotion of religion.	1
They are due to appear in the Brisbane Magistrates Court today.	They are due to appear in Brisbane Magistrates Court today.	1
They are due to appear in the Brisbane Magistrates Court today.	They are due to appear today in the Brisbane Magistrates Court.	1
They are due to appear in the Brisbane Magistrates Court today.	They will appear in Brisbane Magistrates Court today.	1
They are due to appear in the Brisbane Magistrates Court today.	Are they due to appear in Brisbane Magistrates Court today.	1
Jordan Green, the prelate's private lawyer, said he had no comment.	Jordan Green, the Prelate's private lawyer, has no comment.	1
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.	NASDAQ shares close below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.	1
Some state lawmakers say they remain hopeful Bush will sign it, though they acknowledge pressure on the governor to do otherwise.	Some state lawmakers say they remain hopeful that Bush will sign it, though they acknowledge pressure on the governor to do otherwise.	1
Some state lawmakers say they remain hopeful Bush will sign it, though they acknowledge pressure on the governor to do otherwise.	Some state lawmakers say they remain hopeful that Bush will sign the document, though they acknowledge pressure on the governor to do otherwise.	1
Some state lawmakers say they remain hopeful Bush will sign it, though they acknowledge pressure on the governor to do otherwise.	Some state lawmakers say they remain hopeful that President Bush will sign it, though they acknowledge pressure on the governor to do otherwise.	1
The attack followed several days of disturbances in the city where American soldiers exchanged fire with an unknown number of attackers as civilians carried out demonstrations against the American presence.	What happened is an unknown number of American soldiers firing on the city. The attack followed several days of disturbances in the city where American soldiers exchanged fire with an unknown number of attackers as civilians carried out demonstrations against the American presence.	1
The attack followed several days of disturbances in the city where American soldiers exchanged fire with an unknown number of attackers as civilians carried out demonstrations against the American presence.	As civilians carried out protests against the American presence, American soldiers exchanged fire with an unknown number of attackers in the city where American soldiers exchanged fire with an unknown number of attackers. The attack followed several days of disturbances in the city where American soldiers exchanged fire with an unknown number of attackers as civilians carried out demonstrations against the American presence.	1
A total of 114 soldiers were killed in the active combat phase that began March 20.	A total of 114 soldiers were killed in the active combat phase that began on March 20.	1
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.	Gillespie wrote a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or disclaimer.	1
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.	A letter from Gillespie sent to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.	1
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.	Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or disclaimer.	1
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.	In a letter sent to CBS President Leslie Moonves, Gillespie had asked for a historical review or a disclaimer.	1
"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Heyer said in a statement.	"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Heyer said.	1
"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Heyer said in a statement.	"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing the world's largest and most familiar brands," Heyer said.	1
"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Heyer said in a statement.	"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing the world's largest and most familiar brands," Heyer said in a statement.	1
"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Heyer said in a statement.	Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands, Heyer said in a statement.	1
However, official statistics published this week showed a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.	But an official report released this week showed a surprise 0.6 per cent drop in manufacturing output in August.	1
However, official statistics published this week showed a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.	Nevertheless, official statistics published this week showed a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.	1
However, official statistics published this week showed a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.	Nevertheless, official statistics published this week showed a surprise 0.6% fall in manufacturing output in August.	1
However, official statistics published this week showed a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.	Official statistics published this week showed a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.	1
However, official statistics published this week showed a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.	In August, official statistics published this week showed a surprise 0.6% fall in manufacturing output.	1
However, official statistics published this week showed a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.	But official statistics published this week showed a surprise 0.6 per cent fall in manufacturing output in August.	1
Printer maker Lexmark International Inc. spurted $3.95 to $63.35, recouping some of the $14.10 it lost Monday.	Printing firm Lexmark International Inc. spurted $3.95 to $63.35, recouping some of the $14.10 it lost Monday.	1
Representatives of abuse victims were dismayed by the development.	Representatives of victims of abuse were dismayed by this development.	1
Representatives of abuse victims were dismayed by the development.	Représentants of abuse victims were dismayed by the development.	1
Representatives of abuse victims were dismayed by the development.	Representatives of abuse victims were unsatisfied by the development.	1
Representatives of abuse victims were dismayed by the development.	The abuse victims’ representatives were dismayed by the developments.	1
Representatives of abuse victims were dismayed by the development.	Abuse victims representatives were disappointed by the development.	1
Representatives of abuse victims were dismayed by the development.	Representatives of abuse victims were shocked by the developments.	1
Representatives of abuse victims were dismayed by the development.	Representatives of victims of abuse were dismayed by the development.	1
Representatives of abuse victims were dismayed by the development.	Representatives of abuse victims were shocked by the development.	1
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's underwear.	Bloodsworth was eventually cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's underwear.	1
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's underwear.	Bloodsworth, was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's underwear.	1
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's underwear.	Bloodsworth was cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's underwear.	1
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's underwear.	Bloodsworth's was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's underwear.	1
Unemployment across the state fell a half of a percentage point last month to 6.1 percent from August's mark of 6.6 percent.	Unemployment in the state fell by half of a percentage point to 6.1 percent from August's mark of 6.6 percent.	1
No company employee has received an individual target letter at this time.	No company employee has received any individual target letter at this time.	1
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.	Under U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.	1
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.	Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, doesn't vote on foreign alliances.	1
Shares in Wal-Mart closed at $58.28, up 16 cents, in Tuesday trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Wal-Mart closed at $58.28, up 16 cents, in Tuesday trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares in Wal-Mart closed at $58.28, up 16 cents, in Tuesday trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	Wal-Mart shares closed at $58.28, up 16 cents, in Tuesday trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares in Wal-Mart closed at $58.28, up 16 cents, in Tuesday trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	Wal-Mart closed at $58.28, up 16 cents, in Tuesday trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
"And they will learn the meaning of American justice," he said to strong and extended applause.	"And they will learn the meaning of American justice", he said to strong applause and extended applause.	1
"And they will learn the meaning of American justice," he said to strong and extended applause.	"And they will learn the meaning of American justice", he said to long applause.	1
"And they will learn the meaning of American justice," he said to strong and extended applause.	And they will learn the meaning of American justice," he said to a strong and extended applause.	1
"And they will learn the meaning of American justice," he said to strong and extended applause.	"And they will learn the meaning of American justice," he said to a strong and extended applause.	1
"And they will learn the meaning of American justice," he said to strong and extended applause.	"And they will learn the meaning of American justice," he said to loud and extended applause.	1
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.	Two of the British, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.	1
Two of the Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.	Two Britons, Sandy Mitchell from Glasgow and Glasgow-born William Sampson, face the death penalty.	1
During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.	Telemarketing Associates raised over $7 million during a period of almost a decade.	1
During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.	In a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.	1
During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.	In a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised over $7 million.	1
During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.	Over the course of a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised over $7 million.	1
During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.	In a period of almost a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.	1
During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.	Telemarketing Associates raised over $7 million in a period of nearly a decade.	1
During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.	During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised over $7 million.	1
During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.	In the span of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.	1
During a period of nearly a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.	In the span of a decade, Telemarketing Associates raised more than $7 million.	1
In the present case, Mr. Day said he hoped there would be another mediated out-of-court settlement, and he estimated that it could approach $30 million.	In the present case, Mr. Day said he hoped there would be another mediated out of court settlement, and he estimated that it could approach $30 million.	1
In the present case, Mr. Day said he hoped there would be another mediated out-of-court settlement, and he estimated that it could approach $30 million.	In the present case, Mr. Day said he hoped there would be another mediated out of court settlement, and he estimated that it could reach $30 million.	1
In the present case, Mr. Day said he hoped there would be another mediated out-of-court settlement, and he estimated that it could approach $30 million.	In the present case, Mr. Day said he hoped there would be another mediated out-of-court settlement, and he estimated that it could reach $30 million.	1
"That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist," said Mr. Chandler, but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link.	That doesn't mean that the answer doesn't exist, said Mr. Chandler, but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link.	1
"That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist," said Mr. Chandler, but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link.	That doesn't mean to say that it doesn't exist, said Mr. Chandler, but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link.	1
"That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist," said Mr. Chandler, but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link.	"That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist" said Mr. Chandler, but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link.	1
"That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist," said Mr. Chandler, but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link.	"That doesn't mean to say that it doesn't exist," said Mr. Chandler, but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link.	1
"That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist," said Mr. Chandler, but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link.	But "That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist" said Mr. Chandler, but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link.	1
"That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist," said Mr. Chandler, but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link.	That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist, said Mr. Chandler, but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link.	1
"That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist," said Mr. Chandler, but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link.	That doesn't mean to say it doesn't exist," said Mr. Chandler, but simply that his team hasn't uncovered evidence indicating such a link.	1
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.	Mr. Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.	1
In addition to HP, vendors backing SMI-S include Computer Associates, EMC, IBM, Sun and Veritas.	In addition to HP, vendors backing SMI-S include Computer Associates, EMC, IBM, Veritas and Sun.	1
Business groups and border cities have raised concerns that US-VISIT will mean longer waits to cross borders and will hurt commerce.	Do business groups and border cities have raised concerns that US-VISIT will mean longer waits to cross borders and will hurt commerce.	1
With the economy sluggish, producers have had a tough time trying to raise prices.	With the economy sluggish, producers have had a tough time raising prices.	1
With the economy sluggish, producers have had a tough time trying to raise prices.	Since the economy is in sluggish, manufacturers have had a tough time trying to raise prices.	1
With the economy sluggish, producers have had a tough time trying to raise prices.	As the economy is sluggish, producers have had a tough time raising prices.	1
With the economy sluggish, producers have had a tough time trying to raise prices.	With a poor economy, producers are having a hard time raising prices.	1
With the economy sluggish, producers have had a tough time trying to raise prices.	With the economic downturn, producers have had a tough time trying to raise prices.	1
In next week's drill, "our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in ... a terrorist event," Ridge said.	In next week's drill, "our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in a terrorist event," Ridge said.	1
In next week's drill, "our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in ... a terrorist event," Ridge said.	In next week's drill, "our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in... a terrorist event," Ridge said.	1
In next week's drill, "our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in ... a terrorist event," Ridge said.	In next week's drill, "our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in... a terrorist event", Ridge said.	1
In next week's drill, "our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in ... a terrorist event," Ridge said.	In the next week's drill, "our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in a terrorist event," Ridge said.	1
In next week's drill, "our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in ... a terrorist event," Ridge said.	During drills next week, Ridge said "our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in... a terrorist event."	1
In next week's drill, "our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in ... a terrorist event," Ridge said.	"Our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in... a terrorist event," Ridge said. In next week's drill, "our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in... a terrorist event."	1
In next week's drill, "our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in ... a terrorist event," Ridge said.	During next week's drill, "our objective is to improve the nation's capacity to save lives in... a terrorist event," Ridge said.	1
Second-quarter results reflected a gain of 10 cents per diluted share, while the 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share.	Second quarter results reflected a gain of 10 cents per diluted share, while the 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share.	1
Second-quarter results reflected a gain of 10 cents per diluted share, while the 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share.	Second Quarter results reflected a gain of 10 cents per diluted share, while the 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share.	1
Second-quarter results reflected a gain of 10 cents per diluted share, while the 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share.	Two-quarter results reflect a gain of 10 cents per diluted share, while the 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share.	1
Second-quarter results reflected a gain of 10 cents per diluted share, while the 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share.	2nd-quarter results reflected a gain of 10 cents per diluted share, while the 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share.	1
Second-quarter results reflected a gain of 10 cents per diluted share, while the 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share.	Second quarter 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share. The second quarter was a gain of 10 cents per diluted share.	1
Second-quarter results reflected a gain of 10 cents per diluted share, while the 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share.	The second quarter results reflected a gain of 10 cents per diluted share, while the 2002 results included a loss of 19 cents per diluted share.	1
Easynews Inc. was subpoenaed late last week by the FBI, which was seeking account information related to the uploading of the virus to the ISP's Usenet news group server.	Easynews Inc. was subpoenaed late last week by the FBI, which was seeking account information related to the upload of the virus to the ISP's Usenet news group server.	1
Easynews Inc. was subpoenaed late last week by the FBI, which was seeking account information related to the uploading of the virus to the ISP's Usenet news group server.	Easynews Inc. was subpoenaed late last week by the FBI, which was seeking account information related to the upload of the virus to the ISP's usenet news group server.	1
Easynews Inc. was subpoenaed late last week by the FBI, which was seeking account information related to the uploading of the virus to the ISP's Usenet news group server.	Easynews was subpoenaed late last week by the FBI, which was seeking account information related to the uploading of the virus to the ISP's Usenet news group server.	1
Easynews Inc. was subpoenaed late last week by the FBI, which was seeking account information related to the uploading of the virus to the ISP's Usenet news group server.	Easynews was subpoenaed late last week by the FBI, which was seeking account information related to the uploading of the virus to the ISP's Usenet newsgroup server.	1
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.	Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 to 4 cents a share.	1
Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between 1 and 4 cents a share.	Excluding legal fees and other charges it expected a loss of between between 1 and 4 cents a share.	1
"They are trying to turn him into a martyr," said Vicki Saporta, president of the National Abortion Federation, which tracks abortion-related violence.	"They are trying to turn him into a martyr," said Vicki Saporta, president of the National Abortion Federation, which tracks abortion related violence.	1
"They are trying to turn him into a martyr," said Vicki Saporta, president of the National Abortion Federation, which tracks abortion-related violence.	"They are trying to turn him into a martyr" said Vicki Saporta, president of the National Abortion Federation, which tracks abortion-related violence.	1
"They are trying to turn him into a martyr," said Vicki Saporta, president of the National Abortion Federation, which tracks abortion-related violence.	"They are trying to turn him into a martyr," said Vicki Saporta, the president of the National Abortion Federation, which tracks abortion-related violence.	1
"They are trying to turn him into a martyr," said Vicki Saporta, president of the National Abortion Federation, which tracks abortion-related violence.	I'm afraid they are trying to turn him into a martyr," said Vicki Saporta, president of the National Abortion Federation, which tracks abortion-related violence.	1
He allegedly told his ex-wife in an angry phone call that he had no intention of following their new custody agreement.	He allegedly told his ex-wife in an angry phone call that he didn't want to follow their new custody agreement.	1
Two women lost their battle in a British court yesterday to save their frozen embryos and use them to have children without the consent of their former partners.	Two women lost their battle in a UK court yesterday to save their frozen embryos and use them to have children without the consent of their former partners.	1
Two women lost their battle in a British court yesterday to save their frozen embryos and use them to have children without the consent of their former partners.	Two women lost their fight in a British court yesterday to save their frozen embryos and use them to have children without the consent of their former partners.	1
Two women lost their battle in a British court yesterday to save their frozen embryos and use them to have children without the consent of their former partners.	Two women have lost their battle in a UK court yesterday to save their frozen embryos and use them to have children without the consent of their former partners.	1
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.	Before joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.	1
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.	Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked at Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoos.	1
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.	Prior to Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter and Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.	1
But Davis adviser Roger Salazar said the governor's focus is on his job, not the recall petition.	Roger Salazar, Davis's adviser, said the governor's focus is on his job, not the recall petition.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.	The Standard and Poor's 500 index declined 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.	Standard and Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77, or 0.7%, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.	Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index was down 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.	Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.	As of 10:33 a.m. the Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 6.77, or 0.7 percent, to 927.62 as of 10:33 a.m. in New York.	1
Instead of being reprimanded by court security officers, a smiling senior policeman shook hands with Mr Laczynski and patted him on the shoulder.	Instead of being reprimanded by court security officers, a smiling senior policeman shook hands with Mr. Laczynski and patted him on the shoulder.	1
Instead of being reprimanded by court security officers, a smiling senior policeman shook hands with Mr Laczynski and patted him on the shoulder.	Instead of being reprimanded by the court security officers, a smiling senior policeman shook hands with Mr Laczynski and patted him on the shoulder.	1
"He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell," Nicky Webster, a spokesman for Hempleman-Adams, said.	"He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell", Nicky Webster, a spokesman for Hempleman-Adams, said.	1
"He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell," Nicky Webster, a spokesman for Hempleman-Adams, said.	He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell, Nicky Webster, a spokesman for Hempleman Adams, said.	1
"He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell," Nicky Webster, a spokesman for Hempleman-Adams, said.	He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell," Nicky Webster, a spokesman for Hempleman-Adams, said.	1
A Commerce spokesman issued a brief statement late Friday, noting that the task force "evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply."	Commerce spokesman issued a brief statement late Friday, noting that the task force "evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply."	1
A Commerce spokesman issued a brief statement late Friday, noting that the task force "evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply."	Commerce official issued a brief statement late Friday, noting that the task force "evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply".	1
A Commerce spokesman issued a brief statement late Friday, noting that the task force "evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply."	A Commerce spokesman issued a brief statement late Friday, noting that the task force "evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply".	1
A Commerce spokesman issued a brief statement late Friday, noting that the task force "evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply."	Commerce Department spokesman issued a brief statement late Friday, noting that the task force "evaluated regions of the world that are vital to global energy supply."	1
Each count has a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and $1 million fine.	Each count has a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $1 million fine.	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	The South San Francisco-based company said in a statement in a statement that its revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million.	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	Revenue increased 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	According to a company statement, revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said.	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	In a statement, the South San Francisco-based company said its revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million.	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	In a statement, the South San Francisco-based company said revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million.	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	Revenue rose 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	The South San Francisco-based company said in a statement that its revenue increased 26 percent to $817 million.	1
"PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited."	PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited," it said.	1
"PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited."	PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed merger of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited."	1
"PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited."	PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited.	1
"PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited."	PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited."	1
"PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited."	PeopleSoft maintains that the proposed merger of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited.	1
"PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited."	PeopleSoft maintains that the proposed merger of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited."	1
"PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited."	PeopleSoft maintains that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited."	1
"PeopleSoft has consistently maintained that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited."	PeopleSoft maintains that the proposed combination of PeopleSoft and Oracle faces substantial regulatory delays and a significant likelihood that the transaction would be prohibited.	1
Cruz came to the United States in 1960, a year after the Cuban revolution.	Cruz came to the United States in 1960, one year after the Cuban Revolution.	1
Cruz came to the United States in 1960, a year after the Cuban revolution.	Cruz came to America in 1960, a year after the Cuban revolution.	1
Cruz came to the United States in 1960, a year after the Cuban revolution.	Cruz emigrated to the United States in 1960, just a year after the Cuban revolution.	1
Cruz came to the United States in 1960, a year after the Cuban revolution.	In the United States, Cruz emigrated in 1960, a year after the Cuban Revolution.	1
The Association of South East Asian Nations groups Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam.	Association of South East Asian Nations group Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam.	1
The Association of South East Asian Nations groups Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam.	The Association of South East Asian Nations Groups Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam.	1
The Association of South East Asian Nations groups Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam.	The Association of South East Asian Nations group Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam.	1
The Association of South East Asian Nations groups Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam.	The Association of South East Asian Nations groups Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Myanmar, Philippine, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam.	1
The Association of South East Asian Nations groups Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam.	The Association of South East Asian Nations Group Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, Vietnam.	1
The fight about online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court Monday.	The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court Monday.	1
The fight about online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court Monday.	The online music sales fight was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court Monday.	1
The dollar's slide against the yen was curbed by wariness that Japanese authorities could intervene to stem the yen's rise.	The USD's slide against the yen was curbed by wariness that Japanese authorities could intervene to stem the yen's rise.	1
Referring to a battle against a Muslim warlord in Somalia, Boykin told another audience, "I knew my God was bigger than his.	In reference to a battle against a Muslim warlord in Somalia, Boykin told another audience, "I knew my God was bigger than his.	1
Referring to a battle against a Muslim warlord in Somalia, Boykin told another audience, "I knew my God was bigger than his.	When asked about the battle against a Muslim warlord in Somalia, Boykin told another audience: "I knew my God was bigger than his."	1
Meester, a 20-year-old sophomore, could face life in prison if convicted on charges of rape, forcible sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors.	Is Meester a 20-year-old sophomore, facing life in prison if convicted on charges of rape, forcible sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors?	1
Meester, a 20-year-old sophomore, could face life in prison if convicted on charges of rape, forcible sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors.	Meester, 20, a sophomore, could face life in prison if convicted on charges of rape, forcible sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors.	1
Meester, a 20-year-old sophomore, could face life in prison if convicted on charges of rape, forcible sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors.	Is Meester a 20-year-old sophomore who could face life in prison if convicted on charges of rape, forcible sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors?	1
Meester, a 20-year-old sophomore, could face life in prison if convicted on charges of rape, forcible sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors.	Is it possible to have meester, a 20-year-old sophomore, face life in prison if convicted on charges of rape, forcible sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors?	1
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3% at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4% higher at 1,986.97.	1
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97.	Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75 while the Nasdaq Composite Index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97.	1
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97.	Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97.	1
The Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97.	Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.3 per cent at 9,886.75, while the Nasdaq Composite Index was 0.4 per cent higher at 1,986.97.	1
His decision was delayed by concerns over the budget process in Washington and the war in Iraq.	His decision was delayed by concerns about the budget process in Washington and the war in Iraq.	1
Woori Finance is the only large bank remaining to be sold but the government still has large stakes in several other lenders.	Woori Finance is the only major bank remaining to be sold but the government still has large stakes in several other lenders.	1
Woori Finance is the only large bank remaining to be sold but the government still has large stakes in several other lenders.	Woori Finance is the last large bank remaining to be sold but the government still has large stakes in several other lenders.	1
Woori Finance is the only large bank remaining to be sold but the government still has large stakes in several other lenders.	Only Woori Finance is the only large bank remaining to be sold but the government still has large stakes in several other lenders.	1
Woori Finance is the only large bank remaining to be sold but the government still has large stakes in several other lenders.	Woori Finance is the only large bank remaining to be sold but the government still owns major stake in several other lenders.	1
Woori Finance is the only large bank remaining to be sold but the government still has large stakes in several other lenders.	Woori Finance is the only major bank left to be sold but the government still has large stakes in various other lenders.	1
Woori Finance is the only large bank remaining to be sold but the government still has large stakes in several other lenders.	Woori Finance is the only large bank remaining to be sold but the government still has large stakes in other lenders.	1
Woori Finance is the only large bank remaining to be sold but the government still has large stakes in several other lenders.	Woori Finance is the only large bank left to be sold but the government still has large stakes in several other lenders.	1
In addition, juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty.	In addition, jury in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty.	1
In addition, juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty.	In addition, jury in both state and federal cases has become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 index slipped 12.27 points or 1.23 percent to 981.73.	The index of Standard & Poor's 500 fell 12.27 points or 1.23 percent to 981.73.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 index slipped 12.27 points or 1.23 percent to 981.73.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 12.27 points or 1.23 percent to 981.73.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 index slipped 12.27 points or 1.23 percent to 981.73.	Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 12.27 points or 1.23 percent to 981.73.	1
BT said the combination would have an immediate impact on subscriptions with 60,000 additional customers between September and March, 2004.	BT said the merger would have an immediate impact on subscriptions with 60,000 additional customers between September and March, 2004.	1
BT said the combination would have an immediate impact on subscriptions with 60,000 additional customers between September and March, 2004.	BT says the combination will have an immediate impact on subscriptions with 60,000 additional customers between September and March, 2004.	1
BT said the combination would have an immediate impact on subscriptions with 60,000 additional customers between September and March, 2004.	BT says the combination would have an immediate impact on subscriptions with 60,000 additional customers between September and March, 2004.	1
The King of Prussia-based company could liquidate the other two chains if it cannot find a buyer by then, the company said.	The King of Prussia-based company could liquidate the other two chains if it cannot find a buyer by then, said the company.	1
He has declined to comment on the charges, but court documents indicate a lingering medical problem could be part of his defense.	The defendant has declined to comment on the charges, but court documents indicate a lingering medical problem could be part of his defense.	1
He has declined to comment on the charges, but court documents indicate a lingering medical problem could be part of his defense.	He declined to comment on the charges but court documents indicate a lingering medical problem could be part of his defense.	1
They used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.	Using discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery, the researchers used UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.	1
They used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.	They used discarded skin from consenting patients who underwent surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.	1
They used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.	So they used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.	1
They used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.	For this study they used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.	1
They used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.	The study used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.	1
They used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.	In this study, they used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.	1
Regional utility Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc said an 825,000-kilowatt (kW) nuclear reactor, the Onagawa No.3 unit near Sendai automatically shut down due to the quake.	Regional utility Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc said an 825,000-kilowatt (kW) nuclear reactor, the Onagawa No.3 unit near Sendai automatically shut down due to the earthquake.	1
Regional utility Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc said an 825,000-kilowatt (kW) nuclear reactor, the Onagawa No.3 unit near Sendai automatically shut down due to the quake.	Regional utility Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc says an 825,000-kilowatt (kW) nuclear reactor, the Onagawa No.3 unit near Sendai automatically shut down due to the earthquake.	1
Regional utility Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc said an 825,000-kilowatt (kW) nuclear reactor, the Onagawa No.3 unit near Sendai automatically shut down due to the quake.	Regional utility Tohoku Electric Power Co said an 825,000-kilowatt (kW) nuclear reactor, the Onagawa No.3 unit near Sendai automatically shut down due to the quake.	1
Regional utility Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc said an 825,000-kilowatt (kW) nuclear reactor, the Onagawa No.3 unit near Sendai automatically shut down due to the quake.	Regional utility Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc said an 825,000 kilowatt (kW) nuclear reactor, the Onagawa No.3 unit near Sendai automatically shut down due to the earthquake.	1
Regional utility Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc said an 825,000-kilowatt (kW) nuclear reactor, the Onagawa No.3 unit near Sendai automatically shut down due to the quake.	Regional utility Tohoku Electric Power Co Inc said an 825,000-kilowatt (kW) nuclear reactor, the Onagawa no.3 unit near Sendai automatically shut down due to the earthquake.	1
Blagojevich reiterated his stance Wednesday to not prop up the budget with a gambling expansion.	Blagojevich reaffirmed his stance Wednesday to not prop up the budget with a gambling expansion.	1
"I'm pleased by the fact that we are bringing this to a conclusion," he said.	I'm pleased by the fact that we are bringing this to a conclusion," he said.	1
"I'm pleased by the fact that we are bringing this to a conclusion," he said.	"I'm pleased that we are bringing this to a conclusion," he said.	1
"I'm pleased by the fact that we are bringing this to a conclusion," he said.	I'm pleased that we are bringing this to a conclusion," he said.	1
"I'm pleased by the fact that we are bringing this to a conclusion," he said.	"I'm pleased by the fact that we are bringing this to a conclusion," said he.	1
Shares of National were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	Shares of National were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in the afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	1
Shares of National were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	Shares of National Inc. were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	1
Shares of National were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	In New York Stock Exchange trading, national shares were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in the afternoon trading.	1
Shares of National were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	The shares of National were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	1
Shares of National were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	Stocks of National were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	1
Shares of National were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	Stocks of National were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in the afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	1
Intel Corp. narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.	Intel Corp. narrowed its fourth quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.	1
Intel Corp. narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.	Intel Corp. has narrowed its fourth-quarter revenue estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computer during the key holiday season.	1
Intel Corp. narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.	Intel narrowed its fourth quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.	1
Intel Corp. narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.	Intel Corporation said it narrowed its fourth quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.	1
Intel Corp. narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.	Intel has narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.	1
Intel Corp. narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.	Intel Corp. narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate Thursday to the top end of earlier estimates, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.	1
Intel Corp. narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.	Intel Corp. has narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.	1
Intel Corp. narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.	Intel Corporation has narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.	1
Intel Corp. narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.	Intel Inc. narrowed its fourth quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.	1
"This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity," Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.	"This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity", Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.	1
"This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity," Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.	This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funds we need to increase our capacity." Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release	1
"This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity," Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.	This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity, Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.	1
"This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity," Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.	This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity", Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.	1
"This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity," Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.	This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funds we need to increase our capacity, said Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto in a news release.	1
"This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity," Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.	This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity," Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.	1
"This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity," Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.	The proposed investment starts the process of raising the funds we need to increase our capacity, Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.	1
"This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity," Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.	"This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funds we need to increase our capacity," Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.	1
"This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity," Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.	This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funds we need to increase our capacity," Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.	1
"This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity," Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.	Elpida president Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release. "This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funds we need to increase our capacity."	1
"This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funding we need to increase our capacity," Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.	This proposed investment starts the process of raising the funds we need to increase our capacity, Elpida President Yukio Sakamoto said in a news release.	1
Many women complain that they become more forgetful around the time of menopause, and some doctors believe that hormonal changes are the reason.	Many women complain that they become forgetful around the time of menopause, and some doctors believe that hormonal changes are the reason for this.	1
Many women complain that they become more forgetful around the time of menopause, and some doctors believe that hormonal changes are the reason.	Women complain of becoming forgetful toward the time of menopause. Some doctors believe that hormonal changes are the reason.	1
Many women complain that they become more forgetful around the time of menopause, and some doctors believe that hormonal changes are the reason.	Many women complain that they become forgetful around the time of menopause, and some doctors believe that hormonal changes are the reason.	1
Many women complain that they become more forgetful around the time of menopause, and some doctors believe that hormonal changes are the reason.	Many women complain about becoming forgetful around the time of menopause, and some doctors believe that hormonal changes are the reason for this.	1
Sobig.F became one of the most widespread viruses ever, crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of messages.	Sobig.F became one of the most widespread virus ever, crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of messages.	1
Sobig.F became one of the most widespread viruses ever, crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of messages.	Sobig.F became one of the most widespread viruses ever, crippling corporate email networks and filling home users' inboxes with an avalanche of messages.	1
Sobig.F became one of the most widespread viruses ever, crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of messages.	Sobig.F was one of the most widespread viruses ever, crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of emails.....	1
Sobig.F became one of the most widespread viruses ever, crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of messages.	Sobig.F became one of the most widespread viruses ever, crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of emails.	1
Sobig.F became one of the most widespread viruses ever, crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of messages.	Sobig.F became one of the most widespread viruses ever, crippling corporate email networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of messages.	1
Sobig.F became one of the most widespread viruses ever, crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of messages.	Sobig.F is one of the most widespread viruses, crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of messages.	1
Sobig.F became one of the most widespread viruses ever, crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of messages.	Sobig.F was one of the most widespread viruses ever, crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of messages.	1
Sobig.F became one of the most widespread viruses ever, crippling corporate e-mail networks and filling home users' inboxes with a glut of messages.	As a result, Sobig.F became the most widespread virus in the world. It crippled corporate email networks and filled home users' inboxes with a glut of messages.	1
"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing," said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.	"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line. This is an experiment worth introducing," said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.	1
"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing," said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.	"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing," says David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.	1
"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing," said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.	We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing, said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.	1
"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing," said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.	"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing" said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.	1
"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing," said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.	"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing", said David Richardson, the ICC's Cricket Manager.	1
"We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing," said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.	We haven't decided whether to use an unbroken or dotted white line, but this is an experiment worth introducing," said David Richardson, the ICC's cricket manager.	1
BaFin and the head of the principal finance group, Robin Saunders, were not immediately available to comment.	BaFin, and Robin Saunders, the head of the principal finance group, were not immediately available to comment.	1
BaFin and the head of the principal finance group, Robin Saunders, were not immediately available to comment.	BaFin and Robin Saunders, the head of the principal finance group, were not immediately available to comment.	1
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter, IBM said in a statement.	The SEC advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter, IBM said in a statement.	1
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter, IBM said in a statement.	The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter. In a statement, IBM said that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.	1
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter, IBM said in a statement.	The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter, IBM said in a statement.	1
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter, IBM said in a statement.	IBM added that the SEC notified IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter, IBM said in a statement.	1
"His advice to the House Republicans is to pass it, to send it to him, so he can sign it."	"His advice to House Republicans is to pass it to him. And to send it to him, so that he can sign it."	1
At his request, he will be reassigned within the district.	At his request, he will be reassigned to the district.	1
Worldwide, more than 50 million people have seen "Les Miz," with gross receipts of $1.8 billion.	Worldwide, more than 50 million people have seen "Les Miz" with gross receipts of $1.8 billion.	1
Worldwide, more than 50 million people have seen "Les Miz," with gross receipts of $1.8 billion.	Worldwide, over 50 million people have seen Les Miz, with gross receipts of $1.8 billion.	1
Worldwide, more than 50 million people have seen "Les Miz," with gross receipts of $1.8 billion.	Worldwide, over 50 million people have seen "Les Miz," with gross receipts of $1.8 billion.	1
Worldwide, more than 50 million people have seen "Les Miz," with gross receipts of $1.8 billion.	Worldwide, more than 50 million people have watched "Les Miz," with gross receipts of $1.8 billion.	1
The US Federal Trade Commission has also filed a lawsuit challenging Rambus.	The US Federal Trade Commission has filed a lawsuit challenging Rambus.	1
The US Federal Trade Commission has also filed a lawsuit challenging Rambus.	It seems that the US Federal Trade Commission has filed a lawsuit challenging Rambus.	1
Andrew M. Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy Cuomo plan to divorce.	Andrew M. Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy Cuomo have plans to divorce.	1
Andrew M. Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy Cuomo plan to divorce.	Andrew Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy Cuomo plan to divorce.	1
That would give smokers the right to take complaints to the Human Rights Commission or Human Rights Review Tribunal.	Would that give smokers the right to take complaints to the Human Rights Commission or Human Rights Review Tribunal?	1
Drugs are up to 50 percent cheaper in Canada than the United States because of government price controls.	Drugs are 50 percent cheaper in Canada than the US because of government price controls.	1
Drugs are up to 50 percent cheaper in Canada than the United States because of government price controls.	Drugs are 50 percent cheaper in Canada than the United States because of government price controls.	1
Drugs are up to 50 percent cheaper in Canada than the United States because of government price controls.	Because of government price controls, Canada's drugs are up to 50% cheaper than the United States.	1
Drugs are up to 50 percent cheaper in Canada than the United States because of government price controls.	Drugs are up to 50% cheaper in Canada than the United States because of government price controls.	1
Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life-support.	Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and was put on life support.	1
Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life-support.	Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life support.	1
Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life-support.	Their father pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life support.	1
Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life-support.	After euthanasia, the parents had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight. Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life support.	1
Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life-support.	His father had pleaded with doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life support. His father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life support.	1
Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life-support.	His father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life support.	1
Brian Florence, 38, died Sept. 25 of a heart attack in Alexandria, said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz.	Brian Florence, 38, died Sept. 25 of a heart attack in Alexandria, said the couple's lawyer Maranda Fritz.	1
Brian Florence, 38, died Sept. 25 of a heart attack in Alexandria, said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz.	Brian Florence, 38, died Sept. 25 from a heart attack in Alexandria, said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz.	1
Brian Florence, 38, died Sept. 25 of a heart attack in Alexandria, said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz.	Brian Florence, 38, died September 25 of a heart attack in Alexandria, said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz.	1
Brian Florence, 38, died Sept. 25 of a heart attack in Alexandria, said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz.	Brian Florence, 38, died on Sept. 25 from a heart attack in Alexandria, said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz.	1
Health Minister Peter Coleman said about 300 people had been killed and 1,000 wounded in the past few days.	Health Minister Peter Coleman said 300 people had been killed and 1,000 wounded in the past few days.	1
Health Minister Peter Coleman said about 300 people had been killed and 1,000 wounded in the past few days.	Health Minister Peter Coleman said the last few days had seen about 300 people dead and 1,000 wounded.	1
Health Minister Peter Coleman said about 300 people had been killed and 1,000 wounded in the past few days.	Health Minister Peter Coleman said there are 300 people dead and 1,000 wounded in the past few days.	1
Health Minister Peter Coleman said about 300 people had been killed and 1,000 wounded in the past few days.	Health Minister Peter Coleman said that 300 people had been killed and 1,000 wounded in the past few days.	1
A West Knoxville restaurant has reported several cases of hepatitis A to the Knox County Health Department.	A West Knoxville restaurant reported several cases of hepatitis A to the Knox County Health Department.	1
A West Knoxville restaurant has reported several cases of hepatitis A to the Knox County Health Department.	In West Knoxville, a restaurant has reported several cases of hepatitis A to the Knox County Health Department.	1
Besides the fact that Americans want to be liked, she said, there is a "huge cost when world opinion is negative to the United States.	Besides the fact that Americans want to be liked, she said, there is a "huge cost when world opinion is negative to the United States."	1
Besides the fact that Americans want to be liked, she said, there is a "huge cost when world opinion is negative to the United States.	"Besides the fact that Americans want to be liked, there is a "huge cost when world opinion is negative to the United States," said her.	1
John Logsdon, a board member, said that "human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome."	John Logsdon, a board member, said that "human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcomed."	1
John Logsdon, a board member, said that "human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome."	John Logsdon, a board member, said that "human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcomed".	1
John Logsdon, a board member, said that "human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome."	John Logsdon, a board member, said that "human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome"	1
John Logsdon, a board member, said that "human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome."	John Logsdon, board member, said that "human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome."	1
John Logsdon, a board member, said that "human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome."	John Logsdon, board member, said that "spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome."	1
John Logsdon, a board member, said that "human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome."	John Logsdon, a board member, said that "spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome."	1
John Logsdon, a board member, said that "human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome."	John Logsdon, a board member, said that "human spaceflight had become a place where dissent was not welcome".	1
PC-related products were the strongest sector in July, with microprocessors up 5.6% and DRAMs up 8.2% from June, the industry group said.	PC products were the strongest sector in July, with microprocessors up 5.6% and DRAMs up 8.2% from June, the industry group said.	1
PC-related products were the strongest sector in July, with microprocessors up 5.6% and DRAMs up 8.2% from June, the industry group said.	PC related products were the strongest sector in July, with microprocessors up 5.6% and DRAMs up 8.2% from June, the industry group said.	1
PC-related products were the strongest sector in July, with microprocessors up 5.6% and DRAMs up 8.2% from June, the industry group said.	In July, PC related products were the strongest sector, with microprocessors up 5.6% and DRAMs up 8.2% from June, the industry group said.	1
PC-related products were the strongest sector in July, with microprocessors up 5.6% and DRAMs up 8.2% from June, the industry group said.	Computer-related products were the strongest sector in July, with microprocessors up 5.6% and DRAMs up 8.2% from June, the industry group said.	1
The Prime Ministers of China, Russia and four central Asian nations have met in Beijing and approved a budget for their regional security grouping.	The Prime Ministers of China, Russia and four central Asian countries have met in Beijing and approved a budget for their regional security grouping.	1
The Prime Ministers of China, Russia and four central Asian nations have met in Beijing and approved a budget for their regional security grouping.	The Prime Ministers of China, Russia and four Central Asian countries have met in Beijing and approved a budget for their regional security grouping.	1
The Prime Ministers of China, Russia and four central Asian nations have met in Beijing and approved a budget for their regional security grouping.	The Prime Ministers of China, Russia and four Central Asian nations have met in Beijing and approved the budget for their regional security grouping.	1
The Prime Ministers of China, Russia and four central Asian nations have met in Beijing and approved a budget for their regional security grouping.	The Prime Ministers of China, Russia and four central Asian nations have met in Beijing and approved the budget for their regional security grouping.	1
In fiction: Edward P. Jones ("The Known World") and Scott Spencer ("A Ship Made of Paper").	In fiction: Edward P. Jones (The Known World) and Scott Spencer (A Ship Made Of Paper).	1
In fiction: Edward P. Jones ("The Known World") and Scott Spencer ("A Ship Made of Paper").	In fiction: Edward P. Jones (‘The Known World’) and Scott Spencer (‘A Ship Made of Paper’).	1
In fiction: Edward P. Jones ("The Known World") and Scott Spencer ("A Ship Made of Paper").	In fiction: Edward P. Jones (The Known World) and Scott Spencer (A Ship Made of Paper).	1
"Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really resonated with them."	"Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really resonated with them"	1
"Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really resonated with them."	Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really resonated with them"	1
"Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really resonated with them."	Overwhelmingly, the Windows brand really resonated with them.	1
"Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really resonated with them."	Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really resonated with them."	1
"Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really resonated with them."	Overwhelmingly the Windows brand really resonated with them.	1
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a press conference to sway opinion against Powell and the two other Republicans on the panel.	The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a press conference to sway opinion against Powell and the other Republicans on the panel.	1
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a press conference to sway opinion against Powell and the two other Republicans on the panel.	The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a press conference to sway opinion against Powell and the other Republican on the panel.	1
The two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a press conference to sway opinion against Powell and the two other Republicans on the panel.	Two Democrats on the five-member FCC held a press conference to sway opinion against Powell and the two other Republicans on the panel.	1
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.	The injected cancer will cost approximately $20,000 per eight week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.	1
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.	It is currently costing about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment. It would be comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.	1
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.	Will it cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.	1
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.	It will cost about $20,000 per eight week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.	1
The OneNote note-taking tool is listed at £169.99 while the InfoPath XML (Extensible Markup Language) data gathering application is priced at £179.99.	The oneNote note taking tool is listed at £169.99 while the InfoPath XML (Extensible Markup Language) data gathering application is priced at £179.99.	1
The OneNote note-taking tool is listed at £169.99 while the InfoPath XML (Extensible Markup Language) data gathering application is priced at £179.99.	OneNote Note-taking tool is listed at £169.99 while InfoPath XML (Extensible Markup Language) data gathering application is priced at £179.99.	1
The current plan is to release the videotapes of the sessions, after U.S. review, on Friday, said Jim Landale, a spokesman for the tribunal.	What is the current plan is to release the videotapes of the sessions, after U.S. review, on Friday, said Jim Landale, a spokesman for the tribunal.	1
Forty to 50 years ago, the ratio was 3 to 1, Kessler said, and 10 years ago, it was 2 to 1.	Forty to 50 years ago, the ratio was 3 to 1 Kessler said, and 10 years ago, it was 2 to 1.	1
Before addressing the economy, Bush discussed the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia, which killed as many as 29 people, including seven Americans.	Before addressing the economy, Bush discussed the recent terrorist attacks on Saudi Arabia, which killed as many as 29 people, including seven Americans.	1
Before addressing the economy, Bush discussed the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia, which killed as many as 29 people, including seven Americans.	Before talking about the economy, Bush discussed the Saudi Arabia terrorist attacks, which killed as many as 29 people, including seven Americans.	1
Senate passage of the Medicare bill was almost certain, possibly as early as today.	The Senate passage of Medicare bill was almost certain, possibly as early as today.	1
Senate passage of the Medicare bill was almost certain, possibly as early as today.	Was the Senate passage of Medicare bill almost certain, possibly as early as today?	1
Five foreign embassies, including the Singapore embassy, in Bangkok were among the targets, it said.	Five foreign embassies, including the Singapore embassy, were among the targets in Bangkok, it said.	1
SARS has also taken a toll on Taiwan's economy, as it has on economies across the region, hammering consumer spending and leaving shops, restaurants and airports empty.	SARS has taken a toll on Taiwan's economy, as it has on economies across the region, hammering consumer spending and leaving shops, restaurants and airports empty.	1
Minister Saud al-Faisal visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.	Minister Saud al-Faisal visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name	1
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.	Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 - a level not seen since February 10.	1
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.	Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10th.	1
She appeared in federal court there Monday and was expected to be transferred to Houston in two weeks.	She appeared in federal court this Monday and was expected to be transferred to Houston in two weeks.	1
She appeared in federal court there Monday and was expected to be transferred to Houston in two weeks.	She appeared in federal court on Monday and was expected to be transferred to Houston in two weeks.	1
She appeared in federal court there Monday and was expected to be transferred to Houston in two weeks.	She appeared in federal court Monday and was expected to be transferred to Houston in two weeks.	1
She appeared in federal court there Monday and was expected to be transferred to Houston in two weeks.	In the meantime, she appeared in federal court on Monday and was expected to be transferred to Houston in two weeks.	1
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.	There is no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.	1
The bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003.	But the bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003.	1
The bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003.	The bank said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003.	1
Hill, 50, would be the first person executed for killing an abortion doctor.	Hill, 50, would be the first person to be executed for killing an abortion doctor.	1
Hill, 50, would be the first person executed for killing an abortion doctor.	Would it be the first time that Hill, 50, was executed for killing an abortion doctor?	1
On Jan. 10, Shawanda Denise McCalister, who was also pregnant, was found bound and strangled in her apartment in the same neighbourhood.	On Jan 10, Shawanda Denise McCalister, who was also pregnant, was found bound and strangled in her apartment in the same neighbourhood.	1
It ended a diplomatic drought between the two nations, at odds for months over North Korea's nuclear program and American demands that it cease.	It ended a diplomatic drought between the two countries, at odds for months over North Korea's nuclear program and American demands that it cease.	1
It ended a diplomatic drought between the two nations, at odds for months over North Korea's nuclear program and American demands that it cease.	It ended a diplomatic drought between the two nations, at odds for months over North Korea's nuclear program and US demands that it cease.	1
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the federal agency that runs Medicare, last year began a similar effort for nursing homes.	The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the federal agency that runs Medicare, started a similar effort last year for nursing homes.	1
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the federal agency that runs Medicare, last year began a similar effort for nursing homes.	Similarly, The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the federal agency that runs Medicare, began a similar effort for nursing homes last year.	1
The Nasdaq composite index fell 25.17, or 1.4 percent, to 1,792.07 following a loss of 26.46 the previous session.	The Nasdaq composite index fell 25.17, or 1.4 percent, to 1,792.07 after a loss of 26.46 the previous session.	1
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.	Two Congresses before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.	1
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.	Congress twice passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.	1
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.	Is Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them?	1
"He said they were in distress," said Kingsville Police Chief Sam Granato.	"They were in distress," said Kingsville police chief Sam Granato.	1
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	Calvin Hollins Jr's attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	1
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no connection with the company that owned and operated E2.	1
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no relationship with the company that owned and operated E2.	1
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	Calvin Hollins Jr.'s lawyer, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	1
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2. Royce has repeatedly said his client had no relationship with the company that owned and operated E2.	1
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	Calvin Hollins, Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	1
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	Calvin Hollins Jr.'s lawyer, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no connection with the company that owned and operated E2.	1
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link to the company that owned and operated E2.	1
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	Calvin Hollins's lawyer, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no relationship with the company that owned and operated E2.	1
But none of them opposed the idea outright, ministers said.	In the end, none of them opposed the idea outright, ministers said.	1
But none of them opposed the idea outright, ministers said.	But no one of them opposed the idea outright, ministers said.	1
But none of them opposed the idea outright, ministers said.	But no one opposed the idea or the idea in any way, ministers said.	1
But none of them opposed the idea outright, ministers said.	But ministers say none of them opposed the idea outright.	1
But none of them opposed the idea outright, ministers said.	None of them oppose the idea outright, ministers said.	1
No one has been killed in the attacks, which have continued despite major setbacks for al Qaeda in a battle with Saudi security forces.	No one has been killed in the attacks, which continue despite major setbacks for Al Qaeda in a battle with Saudi security forces.	1
No one has been killed in the attacks, which have continued despite major setbacks for al Qaeda in a battle with Saudi security forces.	No one has been killed in the attacks, which continue despite major setbacks for al Qaeda in a battle with Saudi security forces.	1
No one has been killed in the attacks, which have continued despite major setbacks for al Qaeda in a battle with Saudi security forces.	No one was killed in the attacks, which have continued despite major setbacks for al Qaeda in a battle with Saudi security forces.	1
The company also earned 14 cents a share a year earlier.	The company made 14 cents a share a year earlier.	1
That ought to be the standard — not how many people sign up," he said.	"That ought to be the standard, not how many people sign up," he said.	1
That ought to be the standard — not how many people sign up," he said.	Should that be the standard — not how many people sign up," he said.	1
That ought to be the standard — not how many people sign up," he said.	"That ought to be the standard — not how many people sign up," he added.	1
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.	Among the three major candidates Schwarzenegger has won the battle for the independents and crossover voters.	1
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.	Between the three main candidates, Schwarzenegger is winning the battle for independent voters and crossover voters.	1
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.	Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is winning the battle for independent voters and crossover voters.	1
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.	Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is winning the battle for independents and crossover voters.	1
"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial", says Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	1
"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	1
"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	If we want customers to make the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," said Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	1
"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial, says Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	1
"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," said Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	1
"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	"For customers to get the most of the internet, several factors are crucial", Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	1
"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," says Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	1
"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial", said Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	1
"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	Pierre Danon, BT's retail unit CEO, said: "For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial."	1
"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial", Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit said.	1
"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial", Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	1
"For customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial," Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit.	Pierre Danon, CEO of BT's retail unit, says "for customers to get the most of the Internet, several factors are crucial".	1
A representative for Phoenix-based U-Haul declined to comment on the case before the judge's opinion was released.	An employee for Phoenix-based U-Haul declined to comment on the case before the judge's opinion was released.	1
Vivace was founded in 1999 and has raised over $118 million in three rounds of venture financing.	Vivace was founded in 1999. It has raised over $118 million in three rounds of venture financing.	1
Vivace was founded in 1999 and has raised over $118 million in three rounds of venture financing.	Vivace was founded in 1999 and has raised over $118 million in three rounds of venture funding.	1
Vivace was founded in 1999 and has raised over $118 million in three rounds of venture financing.	Vivace was founded in 1999, has raised over $118 million in three rounds of venture financing.	1
Vivace was founded in 1999 and has raised over $118 million in three rounds of venture financing.	Vivace was founded in 1999 and has raised over $118 million in 3 rounds of venture financing.	1
He has also directed "The Flintstones," "Beethoven," and "Jingle All The Way."	He has also directed "The Flintstones", "Beethoven" and "Jingle All The Way."	1
He has also directed "The Flintstones," "Beethoven," and "Jingle All The Way."	He has also directed "The Flintstones," "Beethoven" and "Jingle All The Way"	1
He has also directed "The Flintstones," "Beethoven," and "Jingle All The Way."	He has also directed "The Flintstones," "Beethoven" and "Jingle All The Way."	1
He has also directed "The Flintstones," "Beethoven," and "Jingle All The Way."	He's also directed "The Flintstones," "Beethoven," and "Jingle All The Way."	1
He has also directed "The Flintstones," "Beethoven," and "Jingle All The Way."	He has also directed "The Flintstones," "Beethoven" and "Jingle All The Way".	1
As he left court, McCartney cast one long angry glare at Amrozi, who almost hid behind his lawyer to the side.	Then as he left Court, McCartney cast one long angry glare at Amrozi, who almost hid behind his lawyer to the side.	1
"We are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year.	I am starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year.	1
"We are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year.	"We are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year."	1
"We are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year.	With more cases and more areas affected than last year, we are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year."	1
"We are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year.	We are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year."	1
"We are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year.	We are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year.	1
"We are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year.	"We are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year. We are starting the epidemic with more cases and more areas affected than last year.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.	The Dow Jones industrial average (.DJI>) added 28 points or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.	The Dow Jones industrial average.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.	1
The $19.50-a-share bid, comes two days after PeopleSoft revised its bid for smaller rival J.D. Edwards & Co. JDEC.O to include cash as well as stock.	The $19.50 a share bid, comes two days after PeopleSoft updated its bid for smaller rival J.D. Edwards & Co. JDEC.O to include cash as well as stock.	1
The $19.50-a-share bid, comes two days after PeopleSoft revised its bid for smaller rival J.D. Edwards & Co. JDEC.O to include cash as well as stock.	The $19.50-a-share bid comes two days after PeopleSoft revised its bid for smaller rival J.D. Edwards & Co. JDEC.O to include cash as well as stock.	1
The $19.50-a-share bid, comes two days after PeopleSoft revised its bid for smaller rival J.D. Edwards & Co. JDEC.O to include cash as well as stock.	The $19.50 a share bid, comes two days after PeopleSoft revised its bid for smaller rival J.D. Edwards & Co. JDEC.O to include cash as well as stock.	1
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."	George Tenet, the CIA Director, said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage".	1
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."	George Tenet, CIA Director, said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."	1
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."	George Tenet of the CIA said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."	1
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."	George Tenet, the CIA director, said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."	1
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."	George Tenet, the CIA's Director of National Intelligence, said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."	1
CIA Director George Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."	George Tenet CIA Director George E. Tenet said the two men were "defined by dedication and courage."	1
The FTC also asked the judge to suspend his ruling pending its appeal.	The FTC asked the judge to suspend his ruling pending its appeal.	1
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.	Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but cancelled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.	1
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.	Gerry Kiely, an EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.	1
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.	Gerry Kiely, an EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the Union is closing talks on agricultural reform.	1
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.	Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing the talks on agricultural reform.	1
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.	Gerry Kiely, a European agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.	1
Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform.	Gerry Kiely, a European agriculture representative in Washington, said EU ministers were invited but canceled because the Union is closing talks on agricultural reform.	1
The Democratic candidates also began announcing their fund-raising totals before Wednesday's deadline to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission.	Democrat candidates also began announcing their fundraising totals before Wednesday's deadline to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission.	1
Even the pizza man took part, delivering a flier with the missing girl's picture along with the pizza and a two-liter bottle of Pepsi to Cruz's house.	Even the pizza man took part, delivering a flier with the missing girl's picture along with pizza and a two liter bottle of Pepsi to Cruz's house.	1
Even the pizza man took part, delivering a flier with the missing girl's picture along with the pizza and a two-liter bottle of Pepsi to Cruz's house.	In Cruz's house, even a pizza man took part, delivering a flier with the missing girl's picture along with the pizza and a two-liter bottle of Pepsi to Cruz's house.	1
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.	The Institute of Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.	1
Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday said it had added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to its Hardware Compatibility List for the Solaris x86 operating system Platform Edition.	Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to its Hardware Compatibility List for the Solaris x86 operating system Platform Edition.	1
Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday said it had added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to its Hardware Compatibility List for the Solaris x86 operating system Platform Edition.	Sun Microsystems Inc. announced on Thursday it had added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to its Hardware Compatibility List for the Solaris x86 operating system Platform Edition.	1
Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday said it had added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to its Hardware Compatibility List for the Solaris x86 operating system Platform Edition.	Sun Microsystems Inc. announced on Thursday that it has added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to its Hardware Compatibility List for the Solaris x86 operating system Platform Edition.	1
Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday said it had added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to its Hardware Compatibility List for the Solaris x86 operating system Platform Edition.	Sun Microsystems Inc. announced Thursday it had added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to its Hardware Compatibility List for the Solaris x86 operating system Platform Edition.	1
Sun Microsystems Inc. on Thursday said it had added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to its Hardware Compatibility List for the Solaris x86 operating system Platform Edition.	Sun Microsystems Inc. said Thursday it had added 100 new third-party systems and 100 new components to its Hardware Compatibility List for the Solaris x86 operating system Platform Edition.	1
To create the condyle, Dr Mao and colleague Adel Alhadlaq used adult stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats.	In order to make the condyle, Dr Mao and colleague Adel Alhadlaq used adult stem cells taken from bone marrow of rats.	1
To create the condyle, Dr Mao and colleague Adel Alhadlaq used adult stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats.	Dr Mao and colleague Adel Alhadlaq used adult stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats to create the condyle.	1
To create the condyle, Dr Mao and colleague Adel Alhadlaq used adult stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats.	Dr Mao and colleague Adel Alhadlaq used adult stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats. To make the condyle, Dr Mao and colleague Adel Alhadlaq used adult stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats.	1
To create the condyle, Dr Mao and colleague Adel Alhadlaq used adult stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats.	Dr. Mao and colleague Adel Alhadlaq used adult stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats to create the condyle.	1
New research indicates that some 540,000 high-tech jobs were lost in the United States during 2002.	A new study shows that over 540,000 high tech jobs were lost in the United States during 2002.	1
New research indicates that some 540,000 high-tech jobs were lost in the United States during 2002.	New research shows that some 540,000 high-tech jobs were lost in the United States during 2002.	1
New research indicates that some 540,000 high-tech jobs were lost in the United States during 2002.	Recent study indicates that 540,000 high tech jobs were lost in the United States during 2002.	1
Of personal vehicles, 57 percent are cars or station wagons, 21 percent vans or SUVs, 19 percent light trucks.	Of personal vehicles, 57 percent are cars or station wagons, 21 percent vans or SUVs, and 19 percent light trucks.	1
Of personal vehicles, 57 percent are cars or station wagons, 21 percent vans or SUVs, 19 percent light trucks.	Of personal vehicles, 57 percent are cars or station wagons, 21 percent vans or SUVs and 19 percent light trucks.	1
Of personal vehicles, 57 percent are cars or station wagons, 21 percent vans or SUVs, 19 percent light trucks.	Of personal vehicles, 57 percent are car or station wagons, 21 percent vans or SUVs, 19 percent light trucks.	1
Of personal vehicles, 57 percent are cars or station wagons, 21 percent vans or SUVs, 19 percent light trucks.	57 percent of personal vehicles are cars or station wagons, 21 percent vans or SUVs, 19 percent light trucks.	1
Network security products maker Secure Computing Inc. said Tuesday it is acquiring content-filtering vendor N2H2 for $20 million, furthering consolidation in an already-competitive market.	Network security products maker Secure Computing Inc. announced Tuesday it is buying content filtering vendor N2H2 for $20 million, furthering consolidation in an already-competitive market.	1
Network security products maker Secure Computing Inc. said Tuesday it is acquiring content-filtering vendor N2H2 for $20 million, furthering consolidation in an already-competitive market.	Security software maker Secure Computing Inc. announced Tuesday it is acquiring content filtering vendor N2H2 for $20 million, furthering consolidation in an already competitive market.	1
Network security products maker Secure Computing Inc. said Tuesday it is acquiring content-filtering vendor N2H2 for $20 million, furthering consolidation in an already-competitive market.	Network security products maker Secure Computing Inc. said Tuesday it is acquiring content-filtering vendor N2H2 for $20 million, furthering consolidation in an already competitive market.	1
Network security products maker Secure Computing Inc. said Tuesday it is acquiring content-filtering vendor N2H2 for $20 million, furthering consolidation in an already-competitive market.	Security software provider Secure Computing Inc. said Tuesday it is acquiring content filtering vendor N2H2 for $20 million. This move adds to the already-competitive security market.	1
Network security products maker Secure Computing Inc. said Tuesday it is acquiring content-filtering vendor N2H2 for $20 million, furthering consolidation in an already-competitive market.	Security-based software provider Secure Computing Inc. said Tuesday it is acquiring content filtering vendor N2H2 for $20 million, furthering consolidation in an already competitive market.	1
Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.	Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" is due to open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.	1
Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation of Martinez to "an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."	Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation of Martinez to an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods.	1
Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation of Martinez to "an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods."	Justice John Paul Stevens compared the interrogation of Martinez to "an attempt to obtain an involuntary confession from a prisoner by torturous methods".	1
Prosecutors said PW Marketing violated the state's 1998 anti-spam law by sending unsolicited e-mail without a toll-free number for recipients to call to stop additional mailings.	Prosecutors said PW Marketing violated the 1998 anti-spam law by sending unsolicited e-mail without a toll free number for recipients to call to stop additional mailings.	1
Prosecutors said PW Marketing violated the state's 1998 anti-spam law by sending unsolicited e-mail without a toll-free number for recipients to call to stop additional mailings.	Prosecutors say PW Marketing violated the state's 1998 anti-spam law by sending unsolicited e-mail without a toll-free number for recipients to call to stop additional mailings.	1
Prosecutors said PW Marketing violated the state's 1998 anti-spam law by sending unsolicited e-mail without a toll-free number for recipients to call to stop additional mailings.	Prosecutors said PW Marketing violated the state's 1998 anti-spam law by sending unsolicited emails without a toll-free number to stop additional mailings.	1
Prosecutors said PW Marketing violated the state's 1998 anti-spam law by sending unsolicited e-mail without a toll-free number for recipients to call to stop additional mailings.	Prosecutors say PW Marketing violated the 1998 anti-spam law by sending unsolicited e-mail without a toll-free number for recipients to call to stop additional mailings.	1
They were released to authorities after officers delivered the soda to the gunman, using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door.	After officers delivered the soda to the shooter, using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door, they were released to authorities.	1
They were released to authorities after officers delivered the soda to the gunman, using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door.	The sodas were released to police after officers delivered the soda to the gunman using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door.	1
The children were last seen July 4 at a fireworks display in Concord with their father, Manuel Gehring.	The children were last seen July 4th at a fireworks display in Concord with their father, Manuel Gehring.	1
The children were last seen July 4 at a fireworks display in Concord with their father, Manuel Gehring.	They were last seen July 4 at a fireworks display in Concord with their father, Manuel Gehring.	1
The children were last seen July 4 at a fireworks display in Concord with their father, Manuel Gehring.	They were last seen on July 4 at a fireworks display in Concord with their father, Manuel Gehring.	1
The hall will be home to the Los Angeles Philharmonic and the LA Master Chorale.	The hall will house the LA Philharmonic and the LA Master Chorale.	1
The Neighbours star and singer spent yesterday resting at her family home in Sydney and will have more tests today.	The Neighbours star and singer spent yesterday resting at family home in Sydney and will have more tests today.	1
The Neighbours star and singer spent yesterday resting at her family home in Sydney and will have more tests today.	The Neighbours singer spent yesterday resting at her family home in Sydney and will have more tests today.	1
The crime report surveyed 11,600 police and law enforcement agencies nationwide.	The crime report surveyed 11600 police and law enforcement agencies nationwide.	1
The crime report surveyed 11,600 police and law enforcement agencies nationwide.	Crime Report surveyed 11,600 police and law enforcement agencies nationwide.	1
The crime report surveyed 11,600 police and law enforcement agencies nationwide.	Crime report surveyed 11,600 police and law enforcement agencies nationwide.	1
The state wants to lower wolf numbers in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.	The state wants to reduce wolf numbers in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.	1
The state wants to lower wolf numbers in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.	The state wants to decrease wolf numbers in approximately 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.	1
The state wants to lower wolf numbers in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.	The state wants to control wolf numbers in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.	1
It was expected to raise the $90 million McGreevey expected.	It was expected to raise $90 million McGreevey.	1
It was expected to raise the $90 million McGreevey expected.	"It was expected to raise the $90 million McGreevey expected to raise.	1
It was expected to raise the $90 million McGreevey expected.	It was expected to raise $90 million McGreevey expected.	1
The 3 rd Armored Cavalry Regiment is 5,200 strong and the largest combat unit at Fort Carson.	The 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment is 5,200 strong and is the largest combat unit at Fort Carson.	1
The 3 rd Armored Cavalry Regiment is 5,200 strong and the largest combat unit at Fort Carson.	The 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment is 5,200 strong and the largest combat unit at Fort Carson.	1
The 3 rd Armored Cavalry Regiment is 5,200 strong and the largest combat unit at Fort Carson.	The 3 rd Armored Cavalry Regiment is 5.200 strong and the largest combat unit at Fort Carson.	1
O'Donnell wrote in her autobiography, "Find Me," that she was "an abused child."	In her memoir, "Find Me," O'Donnell wrote that she was an abused child.	1
"The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the Fed said in a statement accompanying the unanimous decision.	The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the Fed said in a statement accompanying the unanimous decision.	1
The poll, conducted by KRC Communications Research of Newton, was taken Wednesday and Thursday.	The poll was conducted by KRC Communications Research of Newton, on Wednesday and Thursday.	1
"It is bad for Symbian," said Per Lindberg, analyst at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein.	"It is bad for Symbian" said Per Lindberg, analyst at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein.	1
"It is bad for Symbian," said Per Lindberg, analyst at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein.	It is bad for Symbian," said Per Lindberg, analyst at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein.	1
"It is bad for Symbian," said Per Lindberg, analyst at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein.	"It is bad for Symbian", said Per Lindberg, analyst at Dresdner Kleinwort Wasserstein.	1
The attack on the al-Rashid Hotel, during the visit of Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz underscores the nature of the problem.	The attack on al-Rashid Hotel, during the visit of Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz underscores the nature of the problem.	1
The attack on the al-Rashid Hotel, during the visit of Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz underscores the nature of the problem.	The attack on Al-Rashid Hotel, during the visit of Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz underscores the nature of the problem.	1
The attack on the al-Rashid Hotel, during the visit of Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz underscores the nature of the problem.	The attack on Al-Rashid Hotel, during the visit of Deputy Defense Secretary Paul Wolfowitz underscores the nature of the problem.	1
The attack on the al-Rashid Hotel, during the visit of Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz underscores the nature of the problem.	The attack on al-Rashid hotel, during the visit of Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz underscores the nature of the problem.	1
"He would often call me for advice," said Ronald L. Kuby, a friend and well-known lawyer who had represented him in the harassment case.	He would frequently call me for advice, said Ronald L. Kuby, a friend and well-known lawyer who had represented him in the harassment case.	1
"He would often call me for advice," said Ronald L. Kuby, a friend and well-known lawyer who had represented him in the harassment case.	He would often call me for advice," said Ronald L. Kuby, a friend and well-known lawyer who had represented him in the harassment case.	1
The United States wants the measure passed by June 3, when the oil-for-food program needs to be renewed.	The United States wants to pass the measure passed by June 3, when the oil-for-food program needs to be renewed.	1
Late last year, for example, more than 1800 US soldiers were placed in Djibouti to conduct counter-terrorism operations in the Horn of Africa.	More than 1800 U.S. soldiers were placed in Djibouti late last year to conduct counter-terrorism operations in the Horn of Africa.	1
"I think it should have been released years ago," said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.	I think it should have been released years ago," said Brian Rohrbough, whose son, Daniel, was killed at Columbine.	1
The bureau report shows significant increases in uninsured rates occurred among whites, blacks, people 18 to 24, and middle- and higher-income earners nationwide.	"The Bureau report shows significant increases in uninsured rates occurred among whites, blacks, people 18 to 24, and middle and higher income earners nationwide."	1
The bureau report shows significant increases in uninsured rates occurred among whites, blacks, people 18 to 24, and middle- and higher-income earners nationwide.	Data released by the Bureau of Economic Research shows that significant increases in uninsured rates occurred among white people, blacks, people 18 to 24, and middle- and higher-income earners nationwide.	1
The bureau report shows significant increases in uninsured rates occurred among whites, blacks, people 18 to 24, and middle- and higher-income earners nationwide.	A new Bureau report identifies significant increases in uninsured rates among whites, blacks, people 18 to 24, and middle- and higher-income earners nationwide.	1
Bob Richter, a spokesman for House Speaker Tom Craddick, had no comment about the ruling.	Bob Richter, a spokesman for House Speaker Tom Craddick, has no comment about the decision.	1
Bob Richter, a spokesman for House Speaker Tom Craddick, had no comment about the ruling.	Bob Richter, a spokesman for House Speaker Tom Craddick, had no comment about the decision.	1
Carlow and his group peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing the shipments' prior owners.	What Carlow and his group peddled was drugs by forging paperwork showing the shipments' prior owners'.	1
Carlow and his group peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing the shipments' prior owners.	Carlow's group peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing the shipments' prior owners.	1
Carlow and his group peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing the shipments' prior owners.	Carlow & his group peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing the shipments' prior owners.	1
Carlow and his group peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing the shipments' prior owners.	Carlow and his group peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing the shipments' prior owners'.	1
Carlow and his group peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing the shipments' prior owners.	Carlow and his group peddled drugs by forging documents showing the shipments' prior owners.	1
Carlow and his group peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing the shipments' prior owners.	By forging paperwork showing the shipments' prior owners, Carlow and his group peddled drugs by forging paperwork.	1
Blair has said there is not ''a shred of truth'' in allegations the government manipulated evidence, and has resisted calls for a full public inquiry.	Blair has said there is not a shred of truth in allegations the government manipulated evidence, and has resisted calls for a full public inquiry.	1
Blair has said there is not ''a shred of truth'' in allegations the government manipulated evidence, and has resisted calls for a full public inquiry.	Blair has said that there is not ''a shred of truth'' in allegations the government manipulated evidence, and has resisted calls for a full public inquiry.	1
Blair has said there is not ''a shred of truth'' in allegations the government manipulated evidence, and has resisted calls for a full public inquiry.	Blair has said there is not ''a shred of truth'' in allegations that the government manipulated evidence, and has resisted calls for a full public inquiry.	1
Blair has said there is not ''a shred of truth'' in allegations the government manipulated evidence, and has resisted calls for a full public inquiry.	Blair has said there is no ''a shred of truth'' in allegations of the government manipulated evidence, and has resisted calls for a full public inquiry.	1
Blair has said there is not ''a shred of truth'' in allegations the government manipulated evidence, and has resisted calls for a full public inquiry.	Blair says there is not a shred of truth in allegations the government manipulated evidence, and has resisted calls for a full public inquiry.	1
Blair has said there is not ''a shred of truth'' in allegations the government manipulated evidence, and has resisted calls for a full public inquiry.	Blair says there is no "shred of truth" in the allegations of a government manipulated evidence, and has resisted calls for a full public inquiry.	1
They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's," said Schooff.	And they were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's," said Schooff.	1
They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's," said Schooff.	"They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's," said Schooff.	1
They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's," said Schooff.	I said they were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's," said Schooff.	1
They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's," said Schooff.	"They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's." said Schooff.	1
The comment period was to have expired on Monday.	The comment period was to have ended on Monday.	1
The comment period was to have expired on Monday.	The comment period was supposed to have expired on Monday.	1
It even struck a deal for distribution and advertising with popular P2P service Grokster.	It struck a deal for distribution and advertising with popular P2P service Grokster.	1
It even struck a deal for distribution and advertising with popular P2P service Grokster.	It also struck a deal for distribution and advertising with popular P2P service Grokster.	1
It even struck a deal for distribution and advertising with popular P2P service Grokster.	It has even struck a deal for distribution and advertising with popular P2P service Grokster.	1
The group criticizing Schwarzenegger, the League of United Latin American Citizens, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Latinos.	League of United Latin American Citizens, a group against Schwarzenegger, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Latinos.	1
The group criticizing Schwarzenegger, the League of United Latin American Citizens, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Latinos.	A group criticizing Schwarzenegger, the League of United Latin American Citizens, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Latinos.	1
The group criticizing Schwarzenegger, the League of United Latin American Citizens, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Latinos.	The League of United Latin American Citizens, the group criticizing Schwarzenegger, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Latinos.	1
The group criticizing Schwarzenegger, the League of United Latin American Citizens, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Latinos.	The League of United Latin American Citizens, the organization criticizing Schwarzenegger, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Latinos.	1
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	He said European governments have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears."	1
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	He said European governments have blocked all bio-crops because of unfounded unscientific fears.	1
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	He said EU governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears."	1
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	He said European governments have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	1
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears."	1
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears".	1
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	European governments have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears. "	1
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	"European governments have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears."	1
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	"European governments have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears," he said.	1
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	"European governments have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	1
Market sentiment was subdued after International Business Machines Inc. IBM.N said U.S. securities regulators were investigating the accounting of the world's largest computer company.	Market sentiment was subdued after International Business Machines Inc. said U.S. securities regulators were investigating the accounting of the world's largest computer company.	1
Community college students will see their tuition rise by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.	Community College Students will see their tuition increase by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.	1
Community college students will see their tuition rise by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.	Community college students will see their tuition increase by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.	1
Community college students will see their tuition rise by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.	Community College students will see their tuition increase by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.	1
Community college students will see their tuition rise by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.	Community college tuition will increase by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.	1
Community college students will see their tuition rise by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.	Community college students will see tuition rise by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.	1
Community college students will see their tuition rise by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.	Community colleges will see tuition increase by $300 to $2800 or 12 percent.	1
Community college students will see their tuition rise by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.	Community college students will see tuition increase by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.	1
Community college students will see their tuition rise by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.	Community colleges will see tuition increase by $300 to $2,800 or 12 percent.	1
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.	U.S. forces have captured nearly 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.	1
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.	US forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.	1
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.	U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them	1
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.	US forces recently arrested some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.	1
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.	U.S. troops recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.	1
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.	Some U.S. forces recently arrested some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.	1
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.	U.S. forces have arrested 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.	1
"No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused," Mr Blunkett said.	Nobody has anything to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused, Mr Blunkett said.	1
"No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused," Mr Blunkett said.	No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused," Mr Blunkett said.	1
"No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused," Mr Blunkett said.	No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified, but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused," Mr Blunkett said.	1
"No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused," Mr Blunkett said.	No one has anything to fear from being properly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused," Mr Blunkett said.	1
"No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused," Mr Blunkett said.	"No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused," Mr Blunkett said. "No one has anything to fear from being wrongfully identified"	1
"No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused," Mr Blunkett said.	Nobody has anything to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused," Mr Blunkett said.	1
"No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused," Mr Blunkett said.	No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused, Mr Blunkett said.	1
"No one has anything to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused," Mr Blunkett said.	Mr Blunkett said there is nothing to fear from being correctly identified but everything to fear from their identity being stolen or misused.	1
They suspect the same anarchist group that claimed responsibility for the Dec. 21 explosions near his house, according to Italian news agency ANSA.	They believe that the same anarchist group that claimed responsibility for the Dec. 21 explosions near his house, according to Italian news agency ANSA.	1
Supporters say a city casino will attract tourists and conventioneers who will gamble and spend money in restaurants and stores.	Supporters say that a city casino will attract tourists and conventioneers who will gamble and spend money in restaurants and stores.	1
Currently, about 37,000 U.S. troops are stationed in South Korea.	Currently, around 37,000 U.S. troops are stationed in South Korea.	1
Currently, about 37,000 U.S. troops are stationed in South Korea.	About 37,000 U.S. troops are stationed in South Korea.	1
Currently, about 37,000 U.S. troops are stationed in South Korea.	As of now, about 37,000 U.S. troops are stationed in South Korea.	1
Currently, about 37,000 U.S. troops are stationed in South Korea.	Currently, about 37,000 U.S. troops are stationed in South Korea. The numbers are in the area of over 4,000.	1
Lee said Brianna had dragged food, toys and other things into the bedroom.	Lee said Brianna had dragged food, toys and other things into her bedroom.	1
North American markets finished mixed in directionless trading Monday as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators move into the spotlight.	North American markets finished mixed in directionless trading on Monday as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators move into the spotlight.	1
Mosel was unable to present financial statements in time due to mergers among subsidiaries and a change of accountants, the company said on Monday.	Mosel unable to provide financial statements in time due to mergers among subsidiaries and a change of accountants, the company said on Monday.	1
Mosel was unable to present financial statements in time due to mergers among subsidiaries and a change of accountants, the company said on Monday.	Mosel couldn't present financial statements in time due to mergers among subsidiaries and a change of accountants, the company said on Monday.	1
A navy official on the scene said divers were scanning the river bed with metal finders before rain drove them to shore.	The navy official on the scene said divers were scanning the river bed with metal finders before rain drove them to shore.	1
"The Matrix Reloaded," which opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days.	The Matrix Reloaded opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for the entire five days.	1
"The Matrix Reloaded," which opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days.	"The Matrix Reloaded" opened in limited previews Wednesday night and took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days.	1
"The Matrix Reloaded," which opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days.	"The Matrix Reloaded," which opened in limited previews on Wednesday night, took in $135.8 million for the entire five days.	1
"The Matrix Reloaded," which opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days.	"The Matrix Reloaded" premiered Wednesday night in limited previews. The movie took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days.	1
"The Matrix Reloaded," which opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days.	The Matrix Reloaded, which opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days.	1
"The Matrix Reloaded," which opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days.	"The Matrix Reloaded" opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in $135.8 million for the past five days.	1
"The Matrix Reloaded," which opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days.	"The Matrix Reloaded," which opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for the entire five days.	1
"The Matrix Reloaded," which opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days.	"The Matrix Reloaded" opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days.	1
"The Matrix Reloaded," which opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days.	The Matrix Reloaded, which opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for the last five days.	1
"The Matrix Reloaded," which opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days.	The Matrix Reloaded" opened in limited previews Wednesday night, took in an estimated $135.8 million for all five days.	1
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.	At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in the right place.	1
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.	At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do not call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.	1
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.	At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in exactly the right place.	1
They said no decisions had been made about how many troops would be moved, where they would come from, or where they would end up.	No decisions have been made about how many troops would be moved, where they would come from, or where they would end up.	1
They said no decisions had been made about how many troops would be moved, where they would come from, or where they would end up.	No decision had been made on how many troops would be moved, where they would come from, or where they would end up.	1
"The bank requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance," he said in an interview with the Press Association news agency.	"The Bank requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance" he said in an interview with the Press Association news agency.	1
"The bank requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance," he said in an interview with the Press Association news agency.	The bank requires growth from elsewhere in the economy and needs the economy to rebalance, he said in an interview with the Press Association news agency.	1
Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, were asked to decide whether to allow same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners.	When voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, were asked to decide whether to allow same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners.	1
Voters in Cleveland Heights, Ohio, were asked to decide whether to allow same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners.	In Cleveland Heights, Ohio, voters were asked to decide whether to allow same-sex couples - and also unmarried heterosexual couples - to officially register as domestic partners.	1
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .	Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N, SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N.	1
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .	Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N., SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N. and Sprint Corp. FON.N.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average advanced for the fourth week in a row.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average has advanced for the fourth week in a row.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average advanced for the fourth week in a row.	Dow Jones industrial average advanced for the fourth week in a row.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average advanced for the fourth week in a row.	Dow Jones Industrial Average advanced for the fourth week in a row.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average advanced for the fourth week in a row.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained for the fourth week in a row.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average advanced for the fourth week in a row.	Dow Jones Industrial Average has advanced for the fourth week in a row.	1
But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was "tight" and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants.	Ms Ward said the headroom was "tight" under its financial covenants and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants.	1
But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was "tight" and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants.	Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was "tight" and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants.	1
But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was "tight" and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants.	Ms Ward said that the headroom under its financial covenants was "tight" and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants.	1
But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was "tight" and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants.	Ms Ward said headroom under its financial covenants was "tight" and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants.	1
But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was "tight" and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants.	Ms Ward said the headroom was tight under its financial covenants and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants.	1
But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was "tight" and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants.	But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was tight and there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants.	1
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.	He also could be permanently barred from the securities industry.	1
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.	He could be banned from the securities industry permanently.	1
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.	The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first to buck the National Group's stance.	1
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.	The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first to buck the national group's stance.	1
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.	The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first to buck the National group's stance.	1
It would be cumbersome for restaurants that serve different meals each day, she said.	That will make it cumbersome for restaurants to serve different meals each day, she said.	1
It would be cumbersome for restaurants that serve different meals each day, she said.	It would be cumbersome for restaurants to serve different meals each day, she said.	1
"The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation," it said in a statement.	The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation," it said in a statement.	1
He added: ``I've never heard of more reprehensiblebehaviour by a doctor.	He added: I've never heard of more reprehensiblebehaviour by a doctor.	1
He added: ``I've never heard of more reprehensiblebehaviour by a doctor.	He added: I have never heard of more reprehensiblebehaviour by a doctor.	1
"I have heard the people of New York say, 'Enough is enough,' " Pataki said. "	"I have heard the people of New York say, 'Enough is enough' " Pataki said.	1
"I have heard the people of New York say, 'Enough is enough,' " Pataki said. "	"I have heard the people of New York say, 'Enough is enough,' " Pataki said.	1
"I have heard the people of New York say, 'Enough is enough,' " Pataki said. "	"I have heard the people in New York say 'Enough is enough'", Pataki said. "	1
"I have heard the people of New York say, 'Enough is enough,' " Pataki said. "	"I have heard people of New York say, 'Enough is enough' " Pataki said.	1
"I have heard the people of New York say, 'Enough is enough,' " Pataki said. "	"I have heard the people in New York say 'Enough is enough' " Pataki said.	1
"I have heard the people of New York say, 'Enough is enough,' " Pataki said. "	I have heard people of New York say 'enough is enough' " Pataki said.	1
"I have heard the people of New York say, 'Enough is enough,' " Pataki said. "	"I have heard the people of New York say, 'Enough is enough'," Pataki said.	1
"I have heard the people of New York say, 'Enough is enough,' " Pataki said. "	"I have heard people of New York say 'Enough is enough' " Pataki said. "	1
"I have heard the people of New York say, 'Enough is enough,' " Pataki said. "	I've heard people in New York say, "Enough is enough,' " Pataki said.	1
The computers were located in the United States, Canada, and South Korea.	These computers were located in the United States, Canada, and South Korea.	1
The computers were located in the United States, Canada, and South Korea.	The computer was located in the United States, Canada, and South Korea.	1
The computers were located in the United States, Canada, and South Korea.	In fact, computers were located in the United States, Canada, and South Korea.	1
The computers were located in the United States, Canada, and South Korea.	In this case the computers were located in the United States, Canada, and South Korea.	1
The computers were located in the United States, Canada, and South Korea.	Computers were located in the United States, Canada, and South Korea.	1
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.	When he was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.	1
He was voluntarily castrated in 2001, an operation he contends removed his ability to become sexually aroused.	When he was voluntarily castrated in 2001, he contends that it removed his ability to become sexually aroused.	1
Broomhead was assigned to 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armor Cavalry Regiment, based at Fort Carson.	Broomhead was assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armor Cavalry Regiment, based at Fort Carson.	1
Broomhead was assigned to 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armor Cavalry Regiment, based at Fort Carson.	The Broomhead was assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armor Cavalry Regiment, based at Fort Carson.	1
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.	Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote a letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.	1
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.	Diana was in her lowest ebb when she wrote to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.	1
SARS, the deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November, gave the agency its first real test of a new state-of-the-art emergency operations center.	SARS, the deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November, gave the agency its first real test of a state-of-the-art emergency operation center.	1
SARS, the deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November, gave the agency its first real test of a new state-of-the-art emergency operations center.	SARS was a deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November, giving the agency its first real test of a new state-of-the-art emergency operations center.	1
SARS, the deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November, gave the agency its first real test of a new state-of-the-art emergency operations center.	SARS was the deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November, gave the agency its first real test of a new state-of-the-art emergency operations center.	1
SARS, the deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November, gave the agency its first real test of a new state-of-the-art emergency operations center.	SARS, the deadly respiratory disease first detected in China last November, gave the agency its first real test of a state-of-the-art emergency operations center.	1
This morning, at UM's New York office, Coen revised his expectations downward, saying that spending would instead rise 4.6 percent to $247 billion.	This morning, at the UM's New York office, Coen revised his expectations downward, saying that spending would instead rise 4.6 percent to $247 billion.	1
This morning, at UM's New York office, Coen revised his expectations downward, saying that spending would instead rise 4.6 percent to $247 billion.	At UM's New York office, this morning, at the New York office, Coen revised his expectations downward, saying that spending would instead rise 4.6 percent to $247 billion.	1
This morning, at UM's New York office, Coen revised his expectations downward, saying that spending would instead rise 4.6 percent to $247 billion.	At UM's New York office, this morning, at UM's New York office, Coen revised his expectations downward, saying that spending would instead rise 4.6 percent to $247 billion.	1
Cross-dressing teens from Harvey Milk High School offered sex for money in Greenwich Village and then robbed the would-be johns by pretending to be cops, sources said last night.	In Greenwich Village, the cross-dressing teens from Harvey Milk High School offered sex for money and then robbed the would-be johns by pretending to be cops, sources said last night.	1
Cross-dressing teens from Harvey Milk High School offered sex for money in Greenwich Village and then robbed the would-be johns by pretending to be cops, sources said last night.	Various high school cross-dressers from Harvey Milk High School offered sex for money in Greenwich Village and then robbed the would-be johns by pretending to be cops, sources said last night.	1
Cross-dressing teens from Harvey Milk High School offered sex for money in Greenwich Village and then robbed the would-be johns by pretending to be cops, sources said last night.	From Harvey Milk High School, cross-dressing teens from Greenwich Village offered sex for money and then robbed the would-be johns by pretending to be cops, sources said last night.	1
Massachusetts does not have a state death penalty, and only once before - in Michigan - has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment.	Massachusetts does not have a state death penalty, and only once in Michigan has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment.	1
Massachusetts does not have a state death penalty, and only once before - in Michigan - has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment.	Massachusetts doesn't have a state death penalty and only once before - in Michigan - has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment.	1
Massachusetts does not have a state death penalty, and only once before - in Michigan - has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment.	Massachusetts does not have death penalty, and only once before - in Michigan - has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment.	1
In Toronto, police said they arrested 38 people and reported 114 incidents, mostly for looting and other thefts.	In Toronto, Toronto, police said they arrested 38 people and reported 114 incidents, mostly for looting and other thefts.	1
In Toronto, police said they arrested 38 people and reported 114 incidents, mostly for looting and other thefts.	In Toronto, police arrested 38 people and reported 114 incidents, mostly for looting and other thefts.	1
We caught this ... and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	We caught this and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	1
We caught this ... and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	We caught this... and haven't sent it into the blood supply", said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	1
We caught this ... and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	We caught this... and haven't sent it into the blood supply" said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	1
We caught this ... and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	Originally, we caught this and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	1
We caught this ... and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	We caught this... and haven't sent it into the blood supply", said Dr Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	1
We caught this ... and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	"We caught this... and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	1
We caught this ... and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	We caught this... and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	1
We caught this ... and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	We caught this... and haven't sent it into the blood supply, said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	1
We caught this ... and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	We caught this and haven't sent it into the blood supply, said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	1
We caught this ... and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	"We caught this and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	1
Other staff members, however, defended the document, saying it would still help policy-makers and the agency improve efforts to address the climate issue.	Other staff members defended the document, saying it would still help policy-makers and the agency improve efforts to address climate change.	1
The Senate's proposal will need the support of the Democrat-led Assembly and Pataki to become law.	The Senate's proposal will need the support of the democrat-led Assembly and the Pataki to become law.	1
The stock lost about 75 percent of its value after that bombshell and remains 40 percent below pre-disclosure levels.	The stock lost about 75 percent of its value after the bombshell and remains 40 percent below pre-disclosure levels.	1
The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."	The crates are full of hardback copies of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix.	1
The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."	The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of The Phoenix".	1
The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."	The crates are full of hardback copies of Harry Potter and the Order of The Phoenix.	1
The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix."	The crates are full of hardback copies of "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix".	1
French special police raided a farm in Corsica on Friday, capturing the top suspect in the 1998 murder of France's highest official on the Mediterranean island, officials said.	French special police raided a farm in Corsica on Friday, capturing the suspect in the 1998 murder of France's highest official on the Mediterranean island, officials said.	1
French special police raided a farm in Corsica on Friday, capturing the top suspect in the 1998 murder of France's highest official on the Mediterranean island, officials said.	French special police raided a farm in Corsica on Friday, capturing the suspect in the 1998 murder of France's highest official in the Mediterranean island, officials said.	1
French special police raided a farm in Corsica on Friday, capturing the top suspect in the 1998 murder of France's highest official on the Mediterranean island, officials said.	France's special police raided a farm in Corsica on Friday, capturing the suspect in the 1998 murder of France's highest official on the Mediterranean island, officials said.	1
French special police raided a farm in Corsica on Friday, capturing the top suspect in the 1998 murder of France's highest official on the Mediterranean island, officials said.	French Special Police raided a farm in Corsica on Friday, capturing the suspect in the 1998 murder of France's highest official on the Mediterranean island, officials said.	1
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.	Tom Kasmer, a 14 year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.	1
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.	Tom Kasmer (14-year-old), from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.	1
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.	Tom Kasmer, 14, from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.	1
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.	Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" in yesterday's competition.	1
Tom Kasmer, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.	Tom Kasmer, 14, a 14-year-old from Belmont, N.C., got a word that sounded like "zistee" during yesterday's competition.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average.DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average (.DJI) fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.	- The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.	1
China would become only the third nation to put a human in space.	China would be the third country to have sent humans to space.	1
China would become only the third nation to put a human in space.	It is possible for China to become the third country to put humans into space.	1
ImClone Systems Inc. and Genentech Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.	Genentech and ImClone Systems Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.	1
ImClone Systems Inc. and Genentech Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.	The companies Genentech Inc. and ImClone Systems Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.	1
ImClone Systems Inc. and Genentech Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.	As a company, Genentech Inc. and ImClone Systems Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.	1
ImClone Systems Inc. and Genentech Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.	Genentech Inc. and ImClone Systems Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.	1
ImClone Systems Inc. and Genentech Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.	Biotech companies ImClone Systems Inc. and Genentech Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.	1
ImClone Systems Inc. and Genentech Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.	Both Genentech Inc. and ImClone Systems Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.	1
ImClone Systems Inc. and Genentech Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.	Pharmaceutical companies ImClone Systems Inc. and Genentech Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 27.13 points, or 1.64 percent, at 1,626.49, based on the latest data.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC was down 27.13 points, or 1.64 percent, at 1,626.49, based on the latest data.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 27.13 points, or 1.64 percent, at 1,626.49, based on the latest data.	IXIC is a technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index. It is down 27.13 points, or 1.64 percent, at 1,626.49, according to the latest data.	1
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.	American Express Corporation has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.	1
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.	American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million need.	1
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.	American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.	1
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.	American Express has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.	1
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.	American Express Corp. pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.	1
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.	American Express Corp. has pledged $3 million of more than $5 million needed.	1
The American Express Corp. has pledged at least $3 million of more than $5 million needed.	The American Express Corp. has pledged $3 million of more than $5 million needed.	1
Privately-held GeCAD Software, founded in 1992, has supplied antivirus and security products since 1994 under the name RAV AntiVirus.	Privately held GeCAD Software, founded in 1992, has supplied antivirus and security products since 1994 under the name RAV Antivirus.	1
Privately-held GeCAD Software, founded in 1992, has supplied antivirus and security products since 1994 under the name RAV AntiVirus.	Privately owned GeCAD Software, founded in 1992, has supplied antivirus and security products since 1994 under the name RAV Antivirus.	1
Privately-held GeCAD Software, founded in 1992, has supplied antivirus and security products since 1994 under the name RAV AntiVirus.	Since 1994, privately owned GeCAD Software, founded in 1992, has supplied antivirus and security products under the name RAV AntiVirus.	1
Kelly Boggs' column will appear daily during the June 17-18 Southern Baptist Convention annual meeting in Phoenix.	"Kelly Boggs' column will appear daily at the June 17-18 Southern Baptist Convention annual meeting in Phoenix."	1
This is the only planet that has been found in orbit around a binary star system.	This is the only planet to be orbited around a binary star system.	1
This is the only planet that has been found in orbit around a binary star system.	This is the first planet that is orbiting a binary star system.	1
More than 1,000 people staged mostly peaceful protests during the talks, proclaiming that genetically modified foods weren't the answer to the world's food problems.	More than 1,000 people staged mostly peaceful protests during the talks, proclaiming that genetically modified foods weren't the answer to world's food problems.	1
More than 1,000 people staged mostly peaceful protests during the talks, proclaiming that genetically modified foods weren't the answer to the world's food problems.	More than 1.000 people staged mostly peaceful protests during the talks, proclaiming that genetically modified foods weren't the answer to the world's food problems.	1
More than 1,000 people staged mostly peaceful protests during the talks, proclaiming that genetically modified foods weren't the answer to the world's food problems.	During talks, more than 1,000 people staged mostly peaceful protests, proclaiming that genetically modified foods weren't the answer to the world's food problems.	1
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.	Lee Janzen, tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.	1
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.	Lee Janzen, who finished tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.	1
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.	Lee Janzen was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.	1
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.	Lee Janzen finished with a 68, tied for sixth. He was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left.	1
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.	Lee Janzen, who finished with a 68 and tied for sixth, is tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left.	1
Lee Janzen, who was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left, finished with a 68 and tied for sixth.	Lee Janzen finished with a 68 and tied for sixth. He was tied atop the leaderboard with five holes left.	1
There are more surprises than you can possibly imagine," Gov. Gray Davis told reporters at a campaign stop in Compton.	"There are more surprises than you can possibly imagine," Gov. Gray Davis told reporters at a campaign stop in Compton.	1
There are more surprises than you can possibly imagine," Gov. Gray Davis told reporters at a campaign stop in Compton.	"There are more surprises than you can imagine," Gov. Gray Davis told reporters during his campaign stop in Compton.	1
There are more surprises than you can possibly imagine," Gov. Gray Davis told reporters at a campaign stop in Compton.	"There are more surprises than you can imagine," Gov. Gray Davis told reporters at a campaign stop in Compton.	1
There are more surprises than you can possibly imagine," Gov. Gray Davis told reporters at a campaign stop in Compton.	There are more surprises than you can imagine," Gov. Gray Davis told reporters at a campaign stop in Compton.	1
There are more surprises than you can possibly imagine," Gov. Gray Davis told reporters at a campaign stop in Compton.	"There are more surprises than you can imagine," Governor Gray Davis told reporters at a campaign stop in Compton.	1
Less than 20 percent of Boise's sales would come from making lumber and paper after the OfficeMax purchase is completed.	Less than 20 percent of Boise's sales would come from making lumber and paper after the OfficeMax acquisition is completed.	1
Less than 20 percent of Boise's sales would come from making lumber and paper after the OfficeMax purchase is completed.	Less than 20 percent of Boise's sales would come from manufacturing lumber and paper after the OfficeMax acquisition is completed.	1
But they are split over whether the Fed will acknowledge risks are tilted toward weakness, or say they are balanced.	So the Fed is split over whether it will acknowledge risks are tilted toward weakness or say they are balanced.	1
Yehuda Abraham, a 76-year-old jeweler in New York's diamond district, allegedly accepted a $30,000 down payment on behalf of Lakhani for the missiles, the government said.	Yehuda Abraham, a 76-year-old jeweler in New York's diamond district, allegedly accepted a $30,000 down payment for Lakhani for the missiles, the government said.	1
Yehuda Abraham, a 76-year-old jeweler in New York's diamond district, allegedly accepted a $30,000 down payment on behalf of Lakhani for the missiles, the government said.	Yehuda Abraham, 76-year-old jeweler in New York's diamond district, allegedly accepted a $30,000 down payment on behalf of Lakhani for the missiles, the government said.	1
Samudra claims the meeting agreed with this and fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin, a bombmaker still on the run and so-called smiling Bali bomber, Amrozi.	Samudra says the meeting agreed with this and fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin, a bombmaker still on the run and so-called smiling Bali bomber, Amrozi.	1
Samudra claims the meeting agreed with this and fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin, a bombmaker still on the run and so-called smiling Bali bomber, Amrozi.	Samudra says the meeting agreed with this and fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin, a bombmaker still on the run and so-called smiling Bali bomber, Amrozi..	1
Samudra claims the meeting agreed with this and fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin, a bombmaker still on the run and so-called smiling Bali bomber, Amrozi.	Samudra claims the meeting agreed with this and fine tuning was handed to Dulmatin, a bombmaker still on the run and so-called smiling Bali bomber, Amrozi.	1
Samudra claims the meeting agreed with this and fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin, a bombmaker still on the run and so-called smiling Bali bomber, Amrozi.	Samudra claims the meeting agreed with this and fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin, a bombmaker still on the run and so called smiling Bali bomber, Amrozi.	1
Samudra claims the meeting agreed with this and fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin, a bombmaker still on the run and so-called smiling Bali bomber, Amrozi.	Samudra claims the meeting agreed with this and fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin, a bombmaker still on the run and so-called smiling Bali bomber Amrozi.	1
Samudra claims the meeting agreed with this and fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin, a bombmaker still on the run and so-called smiling Bali bomber, Amrozi.	Samudra says the meeting agreed with this and fine-tuning was handed to Dulmatin, a bombmaker still on the run and so-called smiling Bali bomber Amrozi.	1
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.	Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15,80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.	1
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.	Vivendi share closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.	1
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.	The shares of Vivendi closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris on Monday after falling 3.6 percent.	1
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.	Vivendi stock closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.	1
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.	Shares of Vivendi share closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.	1
Vivendi shares closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.	Shares of Vivendi closed 1.9 percent at 15.80 euros in Paris after falling 3.6 percent on Monday.	1
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.	Thomson First Call estimates that Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share.	1
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.	Thomson First Call: Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.	1
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.	Thomson First Call said that Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share.	1
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.	Annika Sorenstam will get her first chance to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championships.	1
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.	Annika Sorenstam getting her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.	1
The San Jose-based company posted a net income of $64.2 million, or 27 cents per share, in the quarter ended May 30.	The San Jose-based company posted net income of $64.2 million, or 27 cents per share, in the quarter ended May 30.	1
The San Jose-based company posted a net income of $64.2 million, or 27 cents per share, in the quarter ended May 30.	In the quarter ended May 30, a San Jose-based firm reported net income of $64.2 million, or 27 cents per share.	1
The San Jose-based company posted a net income of $64.2 million, or 27 cents per share, in the quarter ended May 30.	San Jose-based company posted a net income of $64.2 million, or 27 cents per share, in the quarter ended May 30.	1
The San Jose-based company posted a net income of $64.2 million, or 27 cents per share, in the quarter ended May 30.	San Jose-based shopper ran a net profit of $64.2 million, or 27 cents per share, in the quarter ended May 30.	1
He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept.	He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the idea.	1
He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept.	His claim it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the idea.	1
"And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting."	And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting.	1
"And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting."	"And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting"	1
"And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting."	"And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting.	1
"And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting."	"And if that isn't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting"	1
"After what happened here ... it's tacky and unpatriotic," said JoAnn Marquis, visiting the site with her husband from Salem, Mass.	"After what happened here... it's tacky and unpatriotic," said JoAnn Marquis, visiting the site with her husband from Salem, Mass.	1
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.	President Bush has raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.	1
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.	President Bush's campaign raising a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.	1
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.	Over the last three months, President Bush raised a record $49.5 million for his re-election campaign with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.	1
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.	Bush raised a record $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.	1
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.	President Bush's campaign has raised a record $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.	1
President Bush raised a record-breaking $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.	President Bush raised a record $49.5 million for his re-election campaign over the last three months, with contributions from 262,000 Americans, the president's campaign chairman said Tuesday.	1
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.	An hour later an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.	1
An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five other people.	An hour later, an Israeli helicopter fired missiles at a car in Gaza City, killing two Hamas officials and at least five others.	1
He also called Hovan a "person of good reputation" who had worked as a bus driver since 1967.	According to him, Hovan was a "person of good reputation" who had worked as a bus driver since 1967.	1
He also called Hovan a "person of good reputation" who had worked as a bus driver since 1967.	He called Hovan a "person of good reputation" who had worked as a bus driver since 1967.	1
He also called Hovan a "person of good reputation" who had worked as a bus driver since 1967.	According to him, Hovan was a person of good reputation who had worked as a bus driver since 1967.	1
He also called Hovan a "person of good reputation" who had worked as a bus driver since 1967.	He also called Hovan a "person of good reputation" who worked as a bus driver since 1967.	1
He also called Hovan a "person of good reputation" who had worked as a bus driver since 1967.	Then he called Hovan a "person of good reputation" who had worked as a bus driver since 1967.	1
The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> was down 10/32 for a yield of 4.91 percent, up from 4.89 percent late Thursday.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR> was down 10/32 for a yield of 4.91 percent, up from 4.89 percent late Thursday.	1
The companies also announced plans to collaborate on the design for future generations of memory technologies.	The companies announced plans to collaborate on the design for future generations of memory technologies.	1
The companies also announced plans to collaborate on the design for future generations of memory technologies.	The companies also announced plans to collaborate on the design of future generations of memory technologies.	1
The companies also announced plans to collaborate on the design for future generations of memory technologies.	Companies also announced plans to collaborate on the design of future generations of memory technologies.	1
The companies also announced plans to collaborate on the design for future generations of memory technologies.	Both companies announced plans to collaborate on the design for future generations of memory technologies.	1
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.	A judge ordered the child into state custody Aug. 8.	1
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.	A judge a judge ordered the child put in state custody Aug. 8.	1
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.	A judge placed the child in state custody Aug. 8.	1
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.	A judge ordered the child to be in state custody Aug. 8.	1
The British ambassador to the United Nations, Sir Jeremy Greenstock, is scheduled to lead a Security Council Mission to the region in mid-May.	Sir Jeremy Greenstock is the British Ambassador to the UN, who is reportedly scheduled to lead a Security Council Mission to the region in mid-May.	1
An episode is declared when the ozone reaches .20 parts per million parts of air for one hour.	An episode is declared when the ozone reaches.20 parts per million parts of air for an hour.	1
This year, local health departments hired part-time water samplers and purchased testing equipment with a $282,355 grant from the Environmental Protection Agency.	In addition, local health departments hired part-time water samplers and purchased testing equipment with a $282,355 grant from the Environmental Protection Agency.	1
This year, local health departments hired part-time water samplers and purchased testing equipment with a $282,355 grant from the Environmental Protection Agency.	This year, local health departments hired part time water samplers and purchased testing equipment with a $282,355 grant from the Environmental Protection Agency.	1
Roslyn shares gained 82 cents to close at $20.79 yesterday in Nasdaq trading.	Roslyn stocks gained 82 cents to close at $20.79 yesterday in Nasdaq trading.	1
Roslyn shares gained 82 cents to close at $20.79 yesterday in Nasdaq trading.	Roslyn shares rose 82 cents to close at $20.79 yesterday in Nasdaq trading.	1
"He may not have been there," the defence official said on Thursday.	"He may not have been there" the defence official said on Thursday. "He may not have been there," the official said.	1
"He may not have been there," the defence official said on Thursday.	He may not have been there, Defence official said on Thursday.	1
"He may not have been there," the defence official said on Thursday.	On Thursday, the defence official said that "He may not have been there".	1
"He may not have been there," the defence official said on Thursday.	"He may not have been there," a defence official said on Thursday.	1
"He may not have been there," the defence official said on Thursday.	"He may not have been there" says defence official on Thursday.	1
"He may not have been there," the defence official said on Thursday.	"He may not have been there", the defence official on Thursday.	1
"He may not have been there," the defence official said on Thursday.	He may not have been there, a defence official said on Thursday.	1
"He may not have been there," the defence official said on Thursday.	He may not have been there, the defence official said on Thursday.	1
"He may not have been there," the defence official said on Thursday.	"He may not have been there," said the defence official on Thursday.	1
"He may not have been there," the defence official said on Thursday.	"He may not have been there", the defence official said on Thursday.	1
"He may not have been there," the defence official said on Thursday.	"He may not have been there" the defence official said on Thursday.	1
"He may not have been there," the defence official said on Thursday.	The defence official said he may not have been there on Thursday.	1
"He may not have been there," the defence official said on Thursday.	He may not have been there, said the defence official on Thursday.	1
American has laid off 6,500 of its Missouri employees since Dec. 31, according to Driskill.	American Airlines has laid off 6,500 of its Missouri employees since Dec. 31, according to Driskill.	1
American has laid off 6,500 of its Missouri employees since Dec. 31, according to Driskill.	American has laid off 6,500 employees in Missouri since Dec. 31, according to Driskill.	1
American has laid off 6,500 of its Missouri employees since Dec. 31, according to Driskill.	American has laid off 6500 of its Missouri employees since Dec. 31, according to Driskill.	1
American has laid off 6,500 of its Missouri employees since Dec. 31, according to Driskill.	American has laid off 6,500 employees in the state of Missouri since Dec. 31 according to Driskill.	1
American has laid off 6,500 of its Missouri employees since Dec. 31, according to Driskill.	American Airlines has laid off 6500 employees in Missouri since December 31, according to Driskill.	1
American has laid off 6,500 of its Missouri employees since Dec. 31, according to Driskill.	American Airlines has laid off 6,500 employees in Missouri since Dec. 31, according to Driskill.	1
She met Lady Mary at her Double Bay home yesterday to thank her for the donation.	She met Lady Mary yesterday at her Double Bay home to thank her for the donation.	1
Acting Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said the explosion was being treated as a criminal matter, but no possibility had been ruled out.	As a result, the explosion was being investigated as a criminal matter, but no possibility had been ruled out. Acting Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said the explosion was being treated as a criminal matter, but no possibility had been ruled out.	1
Acting Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said the explosion was being treated as a criminal matter, but no possibility had been ruled out.	Acting Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said the explosion was being treated as a criminal matter but no possibility had been ruled out.	1
Acting Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said the explosion was being treated as a criminal matter, but no possibility had been ruled out.	Francisco Ortiz, acting police chief, said the explosion was being treated as a criminal matter, but no possibility had been ruled out.	1
Acting Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said the explosion was being treated as a criminal matter, but no possibility had been ruled out.	Francisco Ortiz, acting police chief, said the explosion was being treated as a criminal matter but no possibility had been ruled out.	1
Acting Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said the explosion was being treated as a criminal matter, but no possibility had been ruled out.	As an acting police chief, Francisco Ortiz said the explosion was being treated as a criminal matter, but no possibility had been ruled out.	1
Acting Police Chief Francisco Ortiz said the explosion was being treated as a criminal matter, but no possibility had been ruled out.	The explosion was treated as a criminal matter, but no possibility had been ruled out, said acting police chief Francisco Ortiz.	1
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	I can say I'm being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	1
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	"I can say that I am being forced into exile by the world superpower", he said.	1
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	I can say that I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	1
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	1
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower. "I can say that I am being forced into exile by the world superpower", he said.	1
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower", he said.	1
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	I can say that I am being forced into exile by the world superpowers," he said.	1
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	I am being forced into exile by the world superpower, he said.	1
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower" he said.	1
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	I can say that I am being forced into exile by the world superpower, he said.	1
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	"I have to say that I am being forced into exile by the world superpower."	1
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower, he said.	1
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	I'm being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	1
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower."	1
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	"I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	1
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	"I can say that I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	1
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	I have been forced into exile by the world superpower, he said.	1
Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.	Goss says CIA Director George Tenet has provided House committee members with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.	1
Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.	Goss said CIA director George Tenet has provided House committee members with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.	1
Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.	Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which have been made available to House members.	1
Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.	Goss said the CIA director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to house members.	1
Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.	Goss says CIA Director George Tenet has provided House Committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.	1
Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.	Goss said the CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which have been made available to House members.	1
Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.	Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided House committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.	1
Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.	George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to house members. Goss said CIA Director George Tenet has provided the committee with 19 volumes of documents on prewar intelligence which has been made available to House members.	1
The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence.	The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense, and have been unable to stem the violence.	1
The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence.	U.N. troops are in the Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence.	1
The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence.	It is true that U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence.	1
The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence.	U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence.	1
The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence.	If the U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence.	1
The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence.	Since U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence.	1
The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence.	U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense. They have been unable to stem the violence.	1
The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence.	When U.N. troops are deployed in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, they can only fire in self defense. They have been unable to stem the violence.	1
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 1-10/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, up from 4.23 percent.	It's worth noting that the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 1-10/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, up from 4.23 percent.	1
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 1-10/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, up from 4.23 percent.	30 year bond US30YT=RR slid 1-10/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, up from 4.23 percent.	1
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 1-10/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, up from 4.23 percent.	30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 1-10/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, up from 4.23 percent.	1
North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning, as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight.	North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning, as earnings season starts to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight.	1
North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning, as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight.	North American stocks got early gains early Monday morning, as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight.	1
North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning, as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight.	North American stocks took early gains on Monday as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight.	1
The service also features a "self-healing" option that can provide continuous access to critical applications.	Moreover, the service also provides a "self-healing" option that can provide continuous access to critical applications.	1
The service also features a "self-healing" option that can provide continuous access to critical applications.	It also includes a "self-healing" option that can provide continuous access to critical applications.	1
The service also features a "self-healing" option that can provide continuous access to critical applications.	Service also provides a "self-healing" option that can provide continuous access to critical applications.	1
The service also features a "self-healing" option that can provide continuous access to critical applications.	The service also features a "self healing" option that can provide continuous access to critical applications.	1
The service also features a "self-healing" option that can provide continuous access to critical applications.	The service also features a self-healing option that can provide continuous access to critical applications.	1
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	Shares of Smithfield increased more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	1
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	The Smithfield stock rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	1
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	Shares of the Smithfield shot up more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	1
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	Shares of the Smithfield shares rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	1
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8% as the company said it expects the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	1
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	Shares of Smithfield rose over 8 percent as the company said it expects the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	1
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	Shares of Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expects the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	1
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	Shares of Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	1
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expects the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	1
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	Shares of the Smithfield Association rose more than 8 percent as it said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	1
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	Stocks of Smithfield rose over 8 percent as the company said it expects the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	1
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	Shares of the Smithfield Company rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	1
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	Shares of the Smithfield grew over 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	1
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	Shares of the Smithfield rose over 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	1
Consolidated volume was heavy, with 2.17 billion shares traded, compared with 1.92 billion on Tuesday.	Consolidated volume was heavy with 2.17 billion shares traded, compared with 1.92 billion on Tuesday.	1
Consolidated volume was heavy, with 2.17 billion shares traded, compared with 1.92 billion on Tuesday.	Consolidated volume was heavy, with 2.17 billion shares traded, compared to 1.92 billion on Tuesday.	1
Chief Executive Rod Eddington is to meet the three unions separately on Monday afternoon.	Chief Executive Rod Eddington will meet the three unions separately on Monday afternoon.	1
Chief Executive Rod Eddington is to meet the three unions separately on Monday afternoon.	Chief Executive Rod Eddington is to meet with the three unions separately on Monday afternoon.	1
He had said before the meeting that he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	He had said before the meeting that he wanted to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	1
He had said before the meeting that he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	He had said before the meeting that he planned to urge the Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	1
He had said before the meeting that he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	He said before the meeting that he had planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	1
He had said before the meeting that he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	He had said before the meeting that he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system. He had said he would urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	1
He had said before the meeting that he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	He said before the meeting that he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	1
He had said before the meeting that he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	He said before the meeting that he wanted to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	1
He had said before the meeting that he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	He had said before the meeting that he would urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	1
He had said before the meeting that he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	He said before the meeting that he planned to urge China to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	1
He had said before the meeting that he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	Before the meeting, he had said he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	1
He had said before the meeting that he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	Before the meeting, he had said that he planned to urge Chinese officials to move quickly to adopt a more flexible currency system.	1
With Claritin's decline, Schering-Plough's best-selling products now are two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C, the antiviral pill ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron.	With Claritin's decline, Schering-Plough's best-selling products now include two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C, the antiviral pill ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron.	1
With Claritin's decline, Schering-Plough's best-selling products now are two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C, the antiviral pill ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron.	Now that Claritin is dying, Schering-Plough's best-selling products are two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C, the antiviral pill ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron.	1
With Claritin's decline, Schering-Plough's best-selling products now are two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C, the antiviral pill ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron.	With Claritin's decline, Schering-Plough's best-selling drugs now include two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C, the antiviral pill ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron.	1
With Claritin's decline, Schering-Plough's best-selling products now are two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C, the antiviral pill ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron.	Now that Claritin is gone, Schering-Plough's best-selling products are two drugs used together to treat hepatitis C, the antiviral pill ribavirin and an interferon medicine called Peg-Intron.	1
Shares of Smithfield closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, at $20.85, on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Smithfield closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, at $20.85 on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of Smithfield closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, at $20.85, on the New York Stock Exchange.	Stocks of Smithfield closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, at $20.85, on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of Smithfield closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, at $20.85, on the New York Stock Exchange.	Smithfield closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, at $20.85 on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of Smithfield closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, at $20.85, on the New York Stock Exchange.	Stocks of Smithfield closed up $1.64 or 8.5 percent, at $20.85, on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of Smithfield closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, at $20.85, on the New York Stock Exchange.	Smithfield shares closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, at $20.85 on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of Smithfield closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, at $20.85, on the New York Stock Exchange.	Smithfield closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, at $20.85, on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of Smithfield closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, at $20.85, on the New York Stock Exchange.	Smithfield shares closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, at $20.85, on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
TSMC also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships.	TSMC accuses Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationship.	1
TSMC also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships.	TSMC has accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationship.	1
TSMC also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships.	TSMC says Syndia is trying to interfere with its customers' relationship.	1
TSMC also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships.	TSMC accused Syndia of trying to disrupt its customer relationships.	1
TSMC also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships.	TSMC accuses Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships.	1
TSMC also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships.	TSMC alleged Syndia was trying to disrupt its customer relations.	1
TSMC also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships.	TSMC has also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationship.	1
TSMC also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships.	TSMC accused Syndia of trying to disrupt its customer relationship.	1
TSMC also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships.	TSMC also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationship.	1
TSMC also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships.	TSMC accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationship.	1
TSMC also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships.	TSMC accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships.	1
TSMC also accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships.	TSMC has accused Syndia of trying to interfere with its customer relationships.	1
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.	In addition, at increased risk are people whose immune systems suppressed by medications or diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.	1
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.	Also at increased risk are those whose immune system suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.	1
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.	Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.	1
Xerox itself paid a $10 million fine last year to settle similar SEC charges.	In that respect, Xerox paid a $10 million fine last year to settle similar SEC charges.	1
Xerox itself paid a $10 million fine last year to settle similar SEC charges.	Xerox paid a $10 million fine last year to settle similar SEC charges.	1
Xerox itself paid a $10 million fine last year to settle similar SEC charges.	Xerox paid $10 million fine last year to settle similar SEC charges.	1
Xerox itself paid a $10 million fine last year to settle similar SEC charges.	Xerox paid $10 million in fines last year to settle similar SEC charges.	1
"I figure we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	I figure we've destroyed about half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good, Mr. Bush said.	1
"I figure we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	"We've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said. "I figure we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good."	1
"I figure we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	I figure we have destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," said Mr. Bush.	1
"I figure we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	"I figure we've destroyed about half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	1
"I figure we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	"We've destroyed about half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," said Mr. Bush.	1
"I figure we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	"We've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	1
"I figure we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	I figure we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	1
"I figure we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	I figure we have destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	1
"I figure we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	I figure we've destroyed about half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	1
"I figure we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	"We've destroyed about half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	1
"I figure we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	I think we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	1
"I figure we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	Bush: "I figure we've destroyed about one-half of Al Qaeda, the top operators of Al Qaeda, and that's good," Mr. Bush said.	1
Al Qaeda, the terror network led by Saudi-born Osama bin Laden and blamed for the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, has been linked to both cases.	Al Qaeda, the terrorist network led by Saudi-born Osama bin Laden and blamed for 9/11 attacks, has been linked to both cases.	1
Al Qaeda, the terror network led by Saudi-born Osama bin Laden and blamed for the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, has been linked to both cases.	Al Qaeda, the terrorist network led by Saudi-born Osama bin Laden and blamed for the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, has been linked to both cases.	1
He praised the work of the Rhodes Trust, saying that it was a Rhodes scholar at Oxford who first interested him in politics.	He praised the work of the Rhodes Trust, saying that it was a Rhodes scholar at Oxford who first interest him in politics.	1
He praised the work of the Rhodes Trust, saying that it was a Rhodes scholar at Oxford who first interested him in politics.	He praised the work of the Rhodes Trust, saying that it was the Rhodes scholar at Oxford who first interested him in politics.	1
He praised the work of the Rhodes Trust, saying that it was a Rhodes scholar at Oxford who first interested him in politics.	He also lauded the Rhodes Trust, saying that it was a Rhodes scholar at Oxford who first interested him in politics.	1
Turki Nasser al-Dandani, another key Saudi operator for Al Qaeda and a second main suspect in the Riyadh bombings remains at large.	Turki Nasser Al-Dandani, a second Saudi operator for Al Qaeda and a major suspect in the Riyadh bombings remains at large.	1
Turki Nasser al-Dandani, another key Saudi operator for Al Qaeda and a second main suspect in the Riyadh bombings remains at large.	Turki Nasser Al-Dandani, a Saudi operator for Al Qaeda and a second main suspect in the Riyadh bombings remains at large.	1
Turki Nasser al-Dandani, another key Saudi operator for Al Qaeda and a second main suspect in the Riyadh bombings remains at large.	Turki Nasser Al-Dandani, a Saudi operation for Al Qaeda and a second suspect in the Riyadh bombings, remains at large.	1
Turki Nasser al-Dandani, another key Saudi operator for Al Qaeda and a second main suspect in the Riyadh bombings remains at large.	Turki Nasser al-Dandani, a Saudi operation for Al Qaeda and the second main suspect in the Riyadh bombings remains at large.	1
"What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution," she said.	What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the constitution," she said.	1
"What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution," she said.	What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution," she said.	1
"What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution," she said.	What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution," said she.	1
"What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution," she said.	What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution, she said.	1
"What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution," she said.	What they have done is a thinly veiled attempt to do an end run around the Constitution,'' she said.	1
"There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here," Gehman said.	"There were a number of administrative and bureaucratic missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here," Gehman said.	1
"There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here," Gehman said.	There were a number of bureaucratic and administrative missed signals -- there's not one person who's responsible here," Gehman said.	1
H. Carl McCall, co-chairman of the exchange's special committee on governance, resigned Thursday, saying Reed should start with a "clean slate."	H. Carl McCall, co-chairman of the Exchange's special committee on governance, resigned Thursday, saying Reed should start with a clean slate.	1
H. Carl McCall, co-chairman of the exchange's special committee on governance, resigned Thursday, saying Reed should start with a "clean slate."	H. Carl McCall, co-chairman of the exchange's special committee on governance, resigned Thursday, saying Reed should start with a clean slate.	1
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you"	1
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and said, "Thank you so much".	1
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and said, "Thank you so much."	1
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and said, "Thank you very much."	1
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	When he told the lawyers and their assistants, he hugged them and said, "Thank you so much."	1
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you very much."	1
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	He hugged his lawyer and his assistant and said, "Thank you very much."	1
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and said, "Thank you."	1
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	He hugged his lawyers and assistants and said, "Thank you very much."	1
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	He hugged his lawyers and assistants and then said "Thank you so much"	1
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	He hugged his lawyers and assistants and then said, "Thank you."	1
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	He hugged his lawyers and assistants and said, "Thank you so much."	1
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	He hugged his lawyers and assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	1
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much"	1
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.	The department also sent samples of water and soil to the state health laboratory.	1
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.	The department sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.	1
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.	The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health lab.	1
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.	The department also sent soil and water samples to the state health laboratory.	1
The department also sent water and soil samples to the state health laboratory.	The department also sent samples of soil and water to the state health laboratory.	1
The company has agreed terms on the purchase of the paper division of the Dutch office supplies group Buhrmann, the largest paper distributor in Europe.	The company has agreed terms on the acquisition of the paper division of the Dutch office supplies group Buhrmann, the largest paper distributor in Europe.	1
A power cut in New York in 1977 left 9 million people without electricity for up to 25 hours.	In 1977, a power cut in New York left 9 million people without electricity for up to 25 hours.	1
A power cut in New York in 1977 left 9 million people without electricity for up to 25 hours.	One power cut in New York in 1977 left 9 million people without electricity for up to 25 hours.	1
A power cut in New York in 1977 left 9 million people without electricity for up to 25 hours.	After a power cut in New York in 1977, 9 million people lost electricity for up to 25 hours.	1
A power cut in New York in 1977 left 9 million people without electricity for up to 25 hours.	In New York, a power cut in 1977 left 9 million people without electricity for up to 25 hours.	1
But Gelinas says only six have been fully re-evaluated.	"But Gelinas says only six have been fully re-evaluated"	1
But Gelinas says only six have been fully re-evaluated.	Gelinas says only six have been fully re-evaluated.	1
But Gelinas says only six have been fully re-evaluated.	In fact, Gelinas says only six of the six have been fully re-evaluated.	1
But Gelinas says only six have been fully re-evaluated.	And Gelinas says only six have been fully re-evaluated.	1
But Gelinas says only six have been fully re-evaluated.	In total, Gelinas says only six are fully re-evaluated.	1
Idaho Gem also is the first sterile animal to be cloned.	Idaho Gem was also the first sterile animal to be cloned.	1
The vast majority of trades will be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on participation in incentive schemes."	The vast majority of trades will be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on participation in incentive schemes"	1
The vast majority of trades will be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on participation in incentive schemes."	A vast majority of trades will be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on participation in incentive schemes."	1
The vast majority of trades will be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on participation in incentive schemes."	The vast majority of trades will be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on participation in incentive schemes.	1
The vast majority of trades will be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on participation in incentive schemes."	Currently, the vast majority of trades will be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on participation in incentive schemes."	1
Associated Press Writer Curt Anderson at the Justice Department in Washington, D.C., contributed to this story.	Curt Anderson, Associated Press Writer at the Justice Department in Washington, D.C., contributed to this story.	1
Hewlett-Packard Co. HPQ.N , the No. 2 computer maker, rose 41 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $17.29.	HPQ.N, the No. 2 computer maker, rose 41 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $17.29.	1
Hewlett-Packard Co. HPQ.N , the No. 2 computer maker, rose 41 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $17.29.	Hewlett-Packard Co. HPQ.N, the No. 2 computer maker, rose 41 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $17.29.	1
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.	He urged patience from American eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.	1
"Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one," Huang said.	"Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one," said Huang.	1
"Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one," Huang said.	Everybody who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one, Huang said.	1
"Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one," Huang said.	Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one, said Huang.	1
"Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one," Huang said.	"Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one" Huang said.	1
"Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one," Huang said.	"Everyone who owns a cell phone wishes they had a better one," Huang said.	1
"Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one," Huang said.	Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one," Huang said.	1
"Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one," Huang said.	Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one, Huang said.	1
Taher, acting against his attorney's advice, became the fifth member of a group of six Yemeni-Americans to enter a plea agreement with the government in the case.	The Yemeni-American group Taher, acting against his attorney's advice, became the fifth member of a group of six Yemeni-Americans to enter a plea agreement with the government in the case.	1
"We're still confident that Gephardt will get the lion's share of union support."	"We are still confident that Gephardt will get the lion's share of union support."	1
"We're still confident that Gephardt will get the lion's share of union support."	We're still confident that Gephardt will get the lion's share of union support."	1
"We're still confident that Gephardt will get the lion's share of union support."	We are still confident that Gephardt will get the lion's share of union support.	1
"We're still confident that Gephardt will get the lion's share of union support."	We're still confident that Gephardt will get the lion's share of union support.	1
"We're still confident that Gephardt will get the lion's share of union support."	I'm confident that Gephardt will get the lion's share of union support.	1
"The accusation that I misappropriated money from Jennifer Lopez is both untrue and offensive," Medina said in a statement.	The accusation that I misappropriated money from Jennifer Lopez is both untrue and offensive,' Medina said in a statement.	1
"The accusation that I misappropriated money from Jennifer Lopez is both untrue and offensive," Medina said in a statement.	The accusation that I misappropriated money from Jennifer Lopez is both untrue and offensive," Medina said in a statement.	1
On Jan. 10, 20-year-old Shawanda Denise McCalister, who also was pregnant, was found bound and strangled in her apartment in the same neighborhood.	On Jan. 10, 20-year-old Shawanda Denise McCalister, who was also pregnant, was found bound and strangled in her apartment in the same neighborhood.	1
On Jan. 10, 20-year-old Shawanda Denise McCalister, who also was pregnant, was found bound and strangled in her apartment in the same neighborhood.	On Jan 10, 20-year-old Shawanda Denise McCalister, who also was pregnant, was found bound and strangled in her apartment in the same neighborhood.	1
After the further analysis of the subset data, the companies plan to discuss the results with regulators and then determine how to proceed.	Following the further analysis of the subset data, the companies plan to discuss the results with regulators and then determine how to proceed.	1
After the further analysis of the subset data, the companies plan to discuss the results with regulators and then determine how to proceed.	After further analysis of the subset data, the companies plan to discuss the results with regulators and then determine how to proceed.	1
After the further analysis of the subset data, the companies plan to discuss the results with regulators and then determine how to proceed.	After an analysis of subset data, the companies plan to discuss the results with regulators and determine how to proceed.	1
After the further analysis of the subset data, the companies plan to discuss the results with regulators and then determine how to proceed.	After further analysis of the subset data, the companies plan to discuss the results with regulators and determine how to proceed.	1
After the further analysis of the subset data, the companies plan to discuss the results with regulators and then determine how to proceed.	After the further analysis of the subset data, the companies plan to discuss the results with regulators and determine how to proceed.	1
The case is Illinois v. Telemarketing Associates, 01-1806.	Case is Illinois v. Telemarketing Associates, 01-1806.	1
The case is Illinois v. Telemarketing Associates, 01-1806.	Illinois v. Telemarketing Associates, 01-1806. The case is Illinois v. Telemarketing Associates, 01-1806.	1
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.	They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigating.	1
"Rendezvous has been a TIBCO mark for many years and is one of our flagship products," said George Ahn, chief marketing officer, Tibco.	"Rendezvous is a TIBCO mark for many years and is one of our flagship products," said George Ahn, chief marketing officer, Tibco.	1
"Rendezvous has been a TIBCO mark for many years and is one of our flagship products," said George Ahn, chief marketing officer, Tibco.	"Rendezvous is one of our flagship products and is a TIBCO mark for many years," said George Ahn, chief marketing officer, Tibco.	1
"Rendezvous has been a TIBCO mark for many years and is one of our flagship products," said George Ahn, chief marketing officer, Tibco.	Rendezvous has been a TIBCO mark for many years and is one of our flagship products," said George Ahn, chief marketing officer, Tibco.	1
Bad publicity has already weakened sales which are highly profitable for retailers.	Bad publicity already weakened sales which are highly profitable for retailers.	1
Turner, who held about 105 million shares before the sale, also transferred 10 million AOL shares to a charitable trust.	While Turner held about 105 million shares before the sale, he also transferred 10 million AOL shares to a charitable trust.	1
Several cities are competing for the headquarters, including Miami; Panama City; Atlanta; Port-of-Spain, Trinidad; and Puebla, Mexico.	Several cities are competing for headquarters, including Miami; Panama City; Atlanta; Port-of-Spain, Trinidad; and Puebla, Mexico.	1
Beagle 2 has no propulsion system of its own; it is "in the hands of Mr Newton now", as an astronaut once put it.	"Beagle 2 has no propulsion system of its own". It is "in the hands of Mr. Newton now", as an astronaut once put it.	1
Beagle 2 has no propulsion system of its own; it is "in the hands of Mr Newton now", as an astronaut once put it.	Beagle 2 has no propulsion system; it is "in the hands of Mr Newton now", as an astronaut once said.	1
But the Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.	Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.	1
But the Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.	The Russell 2000 index, the barometer of small company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.	1
But the Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.	Or the Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.	1
But the Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.	But the Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9%, closing at 418.40.	1
But the Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.	But the Russell 2000 index, the barometer of small company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.	1
But the Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.	But the Russell 2000 index, the barometer of small company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9%, closing at 418.40.	1
But the Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.	The Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.	1
"This deal makes sense for both companies," said National Chief Executive Brian Halla.	The deal makes sense for both parties, said National Chief Executive Brian Halla.	1
Janet Racicot heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water, she said in an interview Tuesday.	Janet Racicot said in an interview Tuesday that she heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water.	1
Janet Racicot heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water, she said in an interview Tuesday.	Janet Racicot said she heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water, in an interview Tuesday.	1
But as more people were shot, Moose had to admit that he couldn't give the public the safety it needed.	As more and more people were shot, Moose had to admit that he couldn't give the public the safety it needed.	1
But as more people were shot, Moose had to admit that he couldn't give the public the safety it needed.	As more people were shot, Moose had to admit that he couldn't give the public the safety it needed.	1
"The longer this series goes, the better chance Dirk has to play."	The longer a series goes the better chances Dirk has to play.	1
"The longer this series goes, the better chance Dirk has to play."	The longer this series goes, the better chance Dirk has to play.	1
"The longer this series goes, the better chance Dirk has to play."	"The longer this series goes, the better chance Dirk has to play. "	1
"The longer this series goes, the better chance Dirk has to play."	"The longer this series goes, the better chance Dirk has to play,"	1
"The longer this series goes, the better chance Dirk has to play."	"The longer this series goes, the better chance Dirk has to play"	1
"The longer this series goes, the better chance Dirk has to play."	The longer this series goes, the better chance Dirk has to play."	1
The seal will ultimately be used to identify DHS badges, vehicles, signs, sea vessels and aircraft.	The DHS seal will ultimately be used to identify DHS badges, vehicles, signs, sea vessels and aircraft.	1
The seal will ultimately be used to identify DHS badges, vehicles, signs, sea vessels and aircraft.	This seal will eventually be used to identify DHS badges, vehicles, signs, sea vessels and aircraft.	1
The seal will ultimately be used to identify DHS badges, vehicles, signs, sea vessels and aircraft.	The seal will eventually be used to identify DHS badges, vehicles, signs, sea vessels and aircraft.	1
The seal will ultimately be used to identify DHS badges, vehicles, signs, sea vessels and aircraft.	This seal will ultimately be used to identify DHS badges, vehicles, signs, sea vessels and aircraft.	1
There are an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands deployed in and around the town.	There are an estimated 25,000-28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands deployed in and around the town.	1
There are an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands deployed in and around the town.	There are approximately 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands deployed in and around the town.	1
There are an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands deployed in and around the town.	There are an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the area, with thousands deployed in and around the town.	1
There are an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands deployed in and around the town.	Is there an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands deployed in and around the town.	1
There are an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands deployed in and around the town.	There are about 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands deployed in and around the town.	1
There are an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands deployed in and around the town.	In this region there are 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters, with thousands deployed in and around the town.	1
There are an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands deployed in and around the town.	There are estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands deployed in and around the town.	1
The Dow Jones Industrial Average held on to small gains, up 19.96 to 9,092.91, while the S&P 500 index shed 0.39 to 981.25.	Dow Jones industrial average held on to small gains, up 19.96 to 9,092.91, while the S&P 500 index shed 0.39 to 981.25.	1
The Dow Jones Industrial Average held on to small gains, up 19.96 to 9,092.91, while the S&P 500 index shed 0.39 to 981.25.	Dow Jones Industrial Average holds on to small gains, up 19.96 to 9,092.91, while the S&P 500 index shed 0.39 to 981.25.	1
The Dow Jones Industrial Average held on to small gains, up 19.96 to 9,092.91, while the S&P 500 index shed 0.39 to 981.25.	Dow Jones Industrial Average held on to small gains, up 19.96 to 9,092.91, while the S&P 500 index shed 0.39 to 981.25.	1
The Dow Jones Industrial Average held on to small gains, up 19.96 to 9,092.91, while the S&P 500 index shed 0.39 to 981.25.	Dow Jones Industrial Average recorded small gains, up 19.96 to 9,092.91, while the S&P 500 index shed 0.39 to 981.25.	1
The Dow Jones Industrial Average held on to small gains, up 19.96 to 9,092.91, while the S&P 500 index shed 0.39 to 981.25.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average kept on to small gains, up 19.96 to 9,092.91, while the S&P 500 index shed 0.39 to 981.25.	1
The Dow Jones Industrial Average held on to small gains, up 19.96 to 9,092.91, while the S&P 500 index shed 0.39 to 981.25.	Dow Jones Industrial Average kept on to small gains, up 19.96 to 9,092.91, while the S&P 500 index shed 0.39 to 981.25.	1
An airplane carrying Spanish peacekeepers back from Afghanistan crashed into a fog-shrouded mountain in Turkey and exploded Monday, killing all 75 people aboard.	The plane carrying Spanish peacekeepers back from Afghanistan crashed into a fog-shrouded mountain in Turkey and exploded Monday, killing all 75 people aboard.	1
But the subject of oil market debate, Iraq, will not be present, an issue which has rankled Iraqi officials.	The subject of oil market debate, Iraq, will not be present, an issue which has rankled Iraqi officials.	1
But the subject of oil market debate, Iraq, will not be present, an issue which has rankled Iraqi officials.	But the topic of oil market debate, Iraq, will not be present, an issue which has rankled Iraqi officials.	1
Security forces stormed the building, but 129 hostages were killed along with the attackers.	Security forces stormed the building but 129 hostages were killed along with the attackers.	1
Security forces stormed the building, but 129 hostages were killed along with the attackers.	When security forces stormed the Building, 129 hostages were killed along with the attackers.	1
Security forces stormed the building, but 129 hostages were killed along with the attackers.	When security forces stormed the building, 129 hostages were killed along with the attackers.	1
Lee told the newspaper that the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom, where he found her.	Lee told a paper that the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom, where he found her.	1
Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.	Ellie Morrill's wife sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.	1
Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.	Ellie Morrill's wife, Ellie, sobbed and hugged Bondeson's sister-in-law during the service.	1
"With the target funds rate at 1 percent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted," he said.	With the target funds rate at 1 percent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted", he said.	1
"With the target funds rate at 1 percent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted," he said.	With the target funds rate at 1 percent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted," he said.	1
"With the target funds rate at 1 percent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted," he said.	As the target funds rate is at 1%, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted, he said.	1
"With the target funds rate at 1 percent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted," he said.	With the target funds rate at 1 percent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted," he added.	1
The US responded coolly to the EU deadline, warning that trade sanctions would backfire by hurting European consumers.	The US responded calmly to the EU deadline, warning that trade sanctions would backfire by hurting European consumers.	1
Derek Jeter took batting practice on the field for the first time since dislocating his left shoulder on Opening Day and expects to begin a minor league rehab assignment tomorrow.	Derek Jeter took batting practice on the field for the first time since dislocating his left shoulder on Opening Day. He expects to begin a minor league rehab assignment tomorrow.	1
Derek Jeter took batting practice on the field for the first time since dislocating his left shoulder on Opening Day and expects to begin a minor league rehab assignment tomorrow.	Derek Jeter took batting practice for the first time since dislocating his left shoulder on Opening Day and is expected to begin a minor league rehab assignment tomorrow.	1
Derek Jeter took batting practice on the field for the first time since dislocating his left shoulder on Opening Day and expects to begin a minor league rehab assignment tomorrow.	Derek Jeter took batting practice on the field for the first time since dislocating his left shoulder on Opening Day and is expected to begin a minor league rehab assignment tomorrow.	1
Derek Jeter took batting practice on the field for the first time since dislocating his left shoulder on Opening Day and expects to begin a minor league rehab assignment tomorrow.	Derek Jeter took batting practice for the first time since dislocating his left shoulder on Opening Day and expects to begin a minor league rehab assignment tomorrow.	1
Water management officials in Florida were worried about some of the already-swollen rivers and lakes, because a direct hit from a hurricane could cause severe flooding.	Water management officials in Florida were concerned about some of the already-swollen rivers and lakes, because a direct hit from a hurricane could cause severe flooding.	1
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	1
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. reported May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	1
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	1
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	1
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., Big Lots Inc. all reported May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	1
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., Big Lots Inc. and Wal-Mart posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	1
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., Big Lots Inc. reported May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	1
Wal- Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. posted May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., Big Lots Inc. and Wal-Mart Inc. reported May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	1
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.	Rambus Inc. (Nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on Nasdaq.	1
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.	Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on Nasdaq.	1
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.	Has Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.	1
Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent, making it the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.	The Nasdaq index of Rambus Inc. (nasdaq: RMBS - news - people) shot up 38 percent. That's the biggest percentage gainer on the Nasdaq.	1
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.	Pines said that he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or a temporary leader would be appointed.	1
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.	Pines said he would call the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.	1
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.	Pines said he will convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.	1
Pines said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.	Pines has said he would convene the relevant party bodies within 10 days to discuss whether new elections would be held or whether a temporary leader would be appointed.	1
The tendency to feel rejection as an acute pain may have developed in humans as a defensive mechanism for the species, said Eisenberger.	This tendency to feel rejection as an acute pain may have developed in humans as a defensive mechanism for the species, said Eisenberger.	1
About 1,500 police will be deployed for the visit.	Approximately 1.500 police forces will be deployed for the visit.	1
About 1,500 police will be deployed for the visit.	It is expected that about 1 500 police will be sent for the visit.	1
About 1,500 police will be deployed for the visit.	Around 1,500 police officers will be deployed for the visit.	1
About 1,500 police will be deployed for the visit.	About 1,500 police officers will be deployed for the visit.	1
About 1,500 police will be deployed for the visit.	Approximately 1 500 police will be deployed for the visit.	1
About 1,500 police will be deployed for the visit.	Approximately 1,500 police will be deployed for the visit.	1
About 1,500 police will be deployed for the visit.	Around 1,500 police will be deployed for the visit.	1
About 1,500 police will be deployed for the visit.	During the visit, about 1,500 police personnel will be deployed.	1
A discouraging outlook from General Electric Co. sent its share down 81 cents (U.S.) or 2.7 per cent to $29.32.	A disappointing outlook for General Electric sent its share down 81 cents (U.S.) or 2.7 per cent to $29.32.	1
A discouraging outlook from General Electric Co. sent its share down 81 cents (U.S.) or 2.7 per cent to $29.32.	A disconcerting outlook from General Electric Co. sent its share down 81 cents (U.S.) or 2.7 per cent to $29.32.	1
This was double the $818 million reported for the first three months of 2001.	This was the double the $818 million reported for the first three months of 2001.	1
This was double the $818 million reported for the first three months of 2001.	It was double the $818 million reported for the first three months of 2001.	1
U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald said the wholesalers were not to blame and were "victims in this."	U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald said the wholesalers were not to blame and were "victims" in this case."	1
U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald said the wholesalers were not to blame and were "victims in this."	U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald said wholesalers were not to blame and were "victims in this"	1
U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald said the wholesalers were not to blame and were "victims in this."	U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald said wholesalers were not to blame and were "victims in this."	1
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."	Yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin".	1
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."	But Marilyn Monroe is a part of the story titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."	1
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."	And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely a part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin".	1
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."	And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin"	1
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."	Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the movie, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."	1
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."	And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely a part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin"	1
The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index was 49.4 percent last month, up from 45.4 in April.	The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index was 49.4 percent last month, up from 45.4 percent in April.	1
The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index was 49.4 percent last month, up from 45.4 in April.	The Institute for Supply Management reported its manufacturing index was 49.4 percent last month, up from 45.4 in April.	1
The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index was 49.4 percent last month, up from 45.4 in April.	In the last month, the Institute for Supply Management reported its manufacturing index was 49.4 percent, up from 45.4 percent in April.	1
Mr. Parsons has been director of the Stennis Center, which specializes in rocket engine research and testing, since August.	Since August, Mr. Parsons has been director of the Stennis Center, which specializes in rocket engine research and testing, since August.	1
Mr. Parsons has been director of the Stennis Center, which specializes in rocket engine research and testing, since August.	M. Parsons is the director of the Stennis Center, which specializes in rocket engine research and testing, since August.	1
Mr. Parsons has been director of the Stennis Center, which specializes in rocket engine research and testing, since August.	M. Parsons has been director of the Stennis Center, which specializes in rocket engine research and testing, since August.	1
Mr. Parsons has been director of the Stennis Center, which specializes in rocket engine research and testing, since August.	Since August, Mr. Parsons has been director of the Stennis Center, which specializes in rocket engine research and testing.	1
As part of the changes, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and "satisfaction" in its customer base.	As part of the changes, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and "satisfaction" of its customer base.	1
As part of the changes, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and "satisfaction" in its customer base.	As part of the changes, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and satisfaction in its customer base.	1
As part of the changes, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and "satisfaction" in its customer base.	As part of the change, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and "satisfaction" in its customer base.	1
As part of the changes, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and "satisfaction" in its customer base.	As part of the changes, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and satisfaction of its customer base.	1
As part of the changes, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and "satisfaction" in its customer base.	As part of the new rules, Microsoft will tie stock awards for its top 600 executives to the growth and "satisfaction" of its customer base.	1
As part of the changes, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and "satisfaction" in its customer base.	As part of the changes, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 executives to the growth and satisfaction of its customer base.	1
As part of the changes, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and "satisfaction" in its customer base.	As part of the change, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and satisfaction of its customer base.	1
As part of the changes, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and "satisfaction" in its customer base.	As part of the change, Microsoft will also tie stock awards for its top 600 or so executives to the growth and satisfaction in its customer base.	1
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.	1
In December 1998, a 33-year-old woman died when she was hit by a metal cleat that came loose from the Columbia sailing ship.	In December 1998, a 33-year-old woman died after she was hit by a metal cleat that came loose from the Columbia sailing ship.	1
In December 1998, a 33-year-old woman died when she was hit by a metal cleat that came loose from the Columbia sailing ship.	In December 1998, a 33-year-old woman died after being hit by a metal cleat that came loose from the Columbia sailing ship.	1
Last year, he was forced to repay $3,000 in bar tabs that he and his staff incurred while he was labour minister but had originally billed to taxpayers.	Last year, his office was ordered to refund $3,000 in bar tabs that he and his staff incurred while he was Labour minister but had originally billed to taxpayers.	1
Last year, he was forced to repay $3,000 in bar tabs that he and his staff incurred while he was labour minister but had originally billed to taxpayers.	Last year he was forced to repay $3,000 in bar tabs that he and his staff incurred while he was labour minister but had originally billed to taxpayers.	1
Last year, he was forced to repay $3,000 in bar tabs that he and his staff incurred while he was labour minister but had originally billed to taxpayers.	Last year, the Labour minister was forced to repay $3,000 in bar tabs that he and his staff incurred while he was labour minister but had originally billed to taxpayers.	1
Last year, he was forced to repay $3,000 in bar tabs that he and his staff incurred while he was labour minister but had originally billed to taxpayers.	Last year, the Labour Minister was forced to repay $3,000 in bar tabs that he and his staff incurred while he was labour minister but had originally billed to taxpayers.	1
Last year, he was forced to repay $3,000 in bar tabs that he and his staff incurred while he was labour minister but had originally billed to taxpayers.	Last year, the Minister of Labour was forced to repay $3,000 in bar tabs that he and his staff incurred while he was labour minister but had originally billed to taxpayers.	1
Peterson was arrested near Torrey Pines Golf Course in La Jolla on April 18, the day DNA testing identified the bodies.	What happened on April 18th? Peterson was arrested near Torrey Pines Golf Course in La Jolla on April 18, the day DNA testing identified the bodies.	1
The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index rose to 49.4 in May from 45.4 in April, the biggest monthly gain since December.	In May, the Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index rose to 49.4 from 45.4 in April, the biggest monthly gain since December.	1
Kodak earned 85 cents per share excluding one-time items in the quarter a year earlier.	Kodak gained 85 cents per share excluding one-time items in the quarter a year earlier.	1
Kodak earned 85 cents per share excluding one-time items in the quarter a year earlier.	Kodak earned 85 cents per share in the quarter excluding one-time items in the quarter a year earlier.	1
Kodak earned 85 cents per share excluding one-time items in the quarter a year earlier.	Kodak posted 85 cents per share in the quarter excluding one-time items in the quarter a year earlier.	1
Kodak earned 85 cents per share excluding one-time items in the quarter a year earlier.	Kodak earned 85 cents per share in the quarter a year earlier excluding one-time items.	1
Scholars in medical ethics have said the issue of medicating patients to improve their mental health to execute them might present formidable obstacles for doctors.	Scientists in medical ethics have said the issue of medicating patients to improve their mental health to execute them might present formidable obstacles for doctors.	1
Scholars in medical ethics have said the issue of medicating patients to improve their mental health to execute them might present formidable obstacles for doctors.	Academics in medical ethics have said the issue of medicating patients to improve their mental health to execute them might present formidable obstacles for doctors.	1
Scholars in medical ethics have said the issue of medicating patients to improve their mental health to execute them might present formidable obstacles for doctors.	In medical ethics, academics have said that the issue of medicating patients to improve their mental health to execute them might present formidable obstacles for doctors.	1
Scholars in medical ethics have said the issue of medicating patients to improve their mental health to execute them might present formidable obstacles for doctors.	Doctors and ethics scholars have said the issue of medicating patients to improve their mental health to execute them might present formidable obstacles for doctors.	1
Asked about the controversy, Bloomberg said, "I didn't see either one today, but if they're here and wave from the side I'll certainly wave to them.	Asked about the controversy, Bloomberg said, "I didn't see either one today, but if they're here and wave from the side I'll certainly wave to them."	1
Asked about the controversy, Bloomberg said, "I didn't see either one today, but if they're here and wave from the side I'll certainly wave to them.	Asked about the controversy, Bloomberg said, "I didn't see either one today, but if they're here and wave from the side I'll definitely wave to them."	1
Asked about the controversy, Bloomberg said, "I didn't see either one today, but if they're here and wave from the side I'll certainly wave to them.	When asked about the controversy, Bloomberg said, "I didn't see either one today, but if they're here and wave from the side I'll certainly wave to them."	1
Asked about the controversy, Bloomberg said, "I didn't see either one today, but if they're here and wave from the side I'll certainly wave to them.	Asked about the controversy, Bloomberg said, "I didn't see either one today, but if they're here and wave from the side I'll certainly wave to them.''	1
Asked about the controversy, Bloomberg said, "I didn't see either one today, but if they're here and wave from the side I'll certainly wave to them.	When asked about the controversy, Bloomberg said, "I didn't see either one today, but if they're here and wave from the side I'll certainly wave to them.	1
He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.	"It was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000," he said.	1
He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.	He said it was a mistake and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.	1
He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.	He says it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.	1
He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.	It was a mistake, and he said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.	1
He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.	The parties say it was a mistake. He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.	1
He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.	He said it was a mistake and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000. He said it was a mistake.	1
He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.	He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000. He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.	1
Both NASA and Russian space officials said it posed no danger to the crew.	NASA & Russian Space Agency said it posed no danger to the crew.	1
Both NASA and Russian space officials said it posed no danger to the crew.	Both Russia and NASA Space Officials said it posed no danger to the crew.	1
Both NASA and Russian space officials said it posed no danger to the crew.	NASA, and Russian space officials have said it was not a danger for the crew.	1
Both NASA and Russian space officials said it posed no danger to the crew.	NASA and Russian space officials said it posed no danger to the crew.	1
Both NASA and Russian space officials said it posed no danger to the crew.	Both Russian and NASA Space officials said it posed no danger to the crew.	1
One of the FBI’s key operatives, who had a falling out with the bureau, provided an account of the operation at a friend’s closed immigration court proceeding.	One of the FBI's key operatives, who had a falling out with the bureau, provided an account of the operation at a friend’s closed immigration court proceeding.	1
At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured across Afghanistan yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence for more than a year.	At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured in Afghanistan yesterday, the worst outbreak of violence in over a year.	1
At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured across Afghanistan yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence for more than a year.	At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured in Afghanistan yesterday, in the worst outbreak of violence in over a year.	1
At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured across Afghanistan yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence for more than a year.	At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured across Afghanistan yesterday, in the worst outbreak of violence for more than a year.	1
At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured across Afghanistan yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence for more than a year.	At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured across Afghanistan yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence in over a year.	1
At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured across Afghanistan yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence for more than a year.	At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence in Afghanistan in more than a year.	1
At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured across Afghanistan yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence for more than a year.	In Afghanistan, at least 61 people were killed and dozens injured yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence in over a year.	1
At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured across Afghanistan yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence for more than a year.	At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence in Afghanistan for more than a year.	1
At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured across Afghanistan yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence for more than a year.	At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence in Afghanistan in over a year.	1
At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured across Afghanistan yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence for more than a year.	At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured across Afghanistan yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence in more than a year.	1
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	1
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to over the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	1
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	The Dow Jones industrials gained over 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	1
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	Dow Jones Industrials has gained more than 140 points over the 9,000 mark for the first time since December.	1
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	The Dow Jones Industrials has gained more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	1
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	The Dow Jones industrials rose more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	1
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	Dow Jones Industrials jumped more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	1
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	The Dow Jones Industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark for the first time since December.	1
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	The Dow Jones Industrials climbed more than 140 points to over the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	1
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	The Dow Jones industrials rose more than 140 points to over 9,000 mark for the first time since December.	1
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	The Dow Jones industrials gained more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	1
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	Dow Jones industrials rose more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	1
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	Dow Jones Industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	1
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	The Dow Jones Industrials has gained more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark for the first time since December.	1
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.	A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley make a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.	1
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.	A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley earns a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.	1
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.	A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley earns $65,000 in his 30th year.	1
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.	As a nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.	1
"I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers," said McKechnie.	I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers," said McKechnie.	1
"I feel that people that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers," said McKechnie.	"People that are sending these messages are infringing on my rights and everyone else's rights to use their computers," said McKechnie.	1
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.	Page says it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.	1
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.	Page said it's possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.	1
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.	According to Page, it's possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.	1
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.	The Nasdaq Composite Index declined 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.	1
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.	Nasdaq Composite Index fell 2.95, or 0.2%, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.	1
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.	The Nasdaq Composite Index slipped 2.95, or 0.2%, for the week to 1,912.36 for the week after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.	1
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.	The Nasdaq composite index has fallen 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.	1
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.	The Nasdaq Composite Index (Nasdaq) fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.	1
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.	The Nasdaq Composite Index dropped 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.	1
The Nasdaq composite index fell 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.	The Nasdaq Composite Index (Nasdaq:Nasdaq) has fallen 2.95, or 0.2 percent, for the week to 1,912.36 after stumbling 37.78 yesterday.	1
The House version pays 80 percent of a senior's first $2,000 in drug costs after a $250 deductible.	House version pays 80 percent of a senior's first $2,000 in drug costs after a $250 deductible.	1
The House version pays 80 percent of a senior's first $2,000 in drug costs after a $250 deductible.	This House version pays 80 percent of the senior's first $2,000 in drug costs after a $250 deductible.	1
Overture's listings are generated by more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business.	Overture's listings are generated by over 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business.	1
Overture's listings are generated by more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business.	Overture's listings are generated by over 100,000 advertisers who bid on keywords relevant to their business.	1
Overture's listings are generated by more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business.	Overture listings are generated by over 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business.	1
Overture's listings are generated by more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business.	Overture’s listings are generated by more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business.	1
Overture's listings are generated by more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business.	Overture listings are generated by more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business.	1
Overture's listings are generated by more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business.	Overture is generated by more than 100,000 advertisers who bid for placement on keywords relevant to their business.	1
The company said that with proper funding, ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004.	"With proper funding, ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004," the company said.	1
The company said that with proper funding, ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004.	This company said that with proper funding, ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004.	1
The company said that with proper funding, ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004.	With funds, the company said that with proper funding, ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004.	1
The company said that with proper funding, ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004.	With funding, the company said that ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004.	1
The company said that with proper funding, ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004.	In fact, the company said that with proper funding, ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004.	1
The company said that with proper funding, ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004.	With proper funding, ABthrax could be available for emergency use as early as the end of 2004. The company said that with proper funding, ABthrax could be available for use as early as the end of 2004.	1
A really robust program could be had for about 20 cents a day," Griffin said.	An extremely robust program could be had for about 20 cents a day," Griffin said.	1
A really robust program could be had for about 20 cents a day," Griffin said.	"A really robust program could be had for about 20 cents a day," Griffin said.	1
"We don't know at this point if the current investigation includes one or more outside contractors.	"We don't know at this point if the current investigation includes one or more outside contractors."	1
"We don't know at this point if the current investigation includes one or more outside contractors.	We don't know at this point whether the investigation includes one or more outside contractors.	1
"We don't know at this point if the current investigation includes one or more outside contractors.	At this point in time, we don't know if the current investigation includes one or more outside contractors.	1
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of Lending Tree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of LendingTree Inc. rose $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of Lending Tree Inc. rose $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of LendingTree surged $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of Lending Tree, Inc. soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Shares of LendingTree soared $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of Lending Tree surged $5.99, or 40.1 percent, to $20.68 in afternoon trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Shares in the big mortgage lenders also fell to record lows.	Shares in the major mortgage lenders fell to record lows.	1
Shares in the big mortgage lenders also fell to record lows.	Shares in the major mortgage lenders have also fallen to record lows.	1
Shares in the big mortgage lenders also fell to record lows.	Shares of major mortgage lenders have fallen to record lows.	1
Shares in the big mortgage lenders also fell to record lows.	Shares in major loan and mortgage companies have also dropped to record lows.	1
Shares in the big mortgage lenders also fell to record lows.	Shares of the largest mortgage lenders also fell to record lows.	1
Shares in the big mortgage lenders also fell to record lows.	Shares in the big mortgage lenders fell to record lows.	1
Shares in the big mortgage lenders also fell to record lows.	The shares in the big mortgage lenders have fallen to record lows.	1
Shares in the big mortgage lenders also fell to record lows.	Shares of the big mortgage lenders fell to record lows.	1
July Brent rose 31 cents to $28.39 per barrel on London's International Petroleum Exchange.	July Brent rose by 31 cents to $28.39 per barrel on London's International Petroleum Exchange.	1
July Brent rose 31 cents to $28.39 per barrel on London's International Petroleum Exchange.	July Brent crude rose 31 cents to $28.39 per barrel on London's International Petroleum Exchange.	1
It would now take place some time before August 8 in Auckland.	It will now take place some time before August 8 in Auckland.	1
A man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday.	A man was arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens on Saturday morning. He was ordered held on $100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance.	1
A man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday.	A man allegedly threatened to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday.	1
A man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday.	A man allegedly threatened to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday morning.	1
A man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday.	A man was arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens. He was ordered held on $100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday.	1
A man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday.	A man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday morning.	1
A man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday.	The man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday.	1
A man arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens was ordered held on $100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday.	A man was arrested for allegedly threatening to shoot and kill a city councilman from Queens and was ordered held on $100,000 bail during an early morning court appearance Saturday.	1
However, scientists led by physicist Frank McDonald of the University of Maryland disagree.	Likewise, scientists led by physicist Frank McDonald of the University of Maryland disagree.	1
"It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation," said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.	"It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation," said a Republican who attended but didn't want to be named.	1
"It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation," said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.	Is it brazen intimidation to keep people on reservation," said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named?	1
"It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation," said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.	It was brazen intimidation to keep people on the reservation," said a Republican who attended but did not want to be named.	1
They were being held Sunday in the Camden County Jail on $100,000 bail.	The two were being held on bail on Sunday in the Camden County Jail on a $100K bail.	1
They were being held Sunday in the Camden County Jail on $100,000 bail.	They were being held on $100,000 bail on Sunday in the Camden County Jail.	1
At midday Monday, the 10-year note US10YT=RR had slipped 12/32 in price giving a yield of 3.16 percent from 3.12 percent.	At midday Monday the 10-year note US10YT=RR had slipped 12/32 in price giving a yield of 3.16 percent from 3.12 percent.	1
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.	Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina.	1
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.	Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter Nina Axelrod.	1
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.	Axelrod died in his sleep from heart failure, said his daughter Nina Axelrod.	1
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.	Axelrod died in his sleep from heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.	1
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.	Axelrod died in his sleep from heart failure, said his daughter Nina.	1
Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter, Nina Axelrod.	Axelrod died in his sleep of heart failure, said his daughter Nina.	1
But it said that the Danish ban had been effective in reducing the spread among food animals.	They said that Denmark's ban had been effective in reducing the spread among food animals.	1
But it said that the Danish ban had been effective in reducing the spread among food animals.	It said that the Danish ban had been effective in reducing the spread among food animals.	1
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.	Was Montgomery the first place to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars?	1
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.	Was Montgomery one of the first places to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.	1
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.	As for Montgomery, it was one of the first places to enact such a law, and many other places, including New York City, have now banned smoking in bars.	1
He also noted Tom Siebel had turned in 26 million stock options valued at more than $50-million (U.S.) earlier this year.	He also noted Tom Siebel had turned in 26 million stock options valued at more than $50 million (U.S.) earlier this year.	1
He also noted Tom Siebel had turned in 26 million stock options valued at more than $50-million (U.S.) earlier this year.	He also noted Tom Siebel had turned in 26 million stock options valued at over $50 million (U.S.) earlier this year.	1
Catholic Church officials reported that two miners were killed and six other protesters injured 50 miles (110 km) outside of La Paz.	Two miners were killed and six other protesters injured 50 miles (110 km) outside of La Paz. The Catholic Church reported that two miners were killed and six other protesters injured.	1
Catholic Church officials reported that two miners were killed and six other protesters injured 50 miles (110 km) outside of La Paz.	Two miners were killed and six other protesters injured 50 miles (110 km) outside of La Paz. Catholic Church officials reported that two miners were killed and six other protesters injured.	1
Catholic Church officials reported that two miners were killed and six other protesters injured 50 miles (110 km) outside of La Paz.	Two miners were killed and six other protesters injured, according to Catholic Church officials. The incident occurred 50 miles (110 km) from La Paz.	1
ATA shares were down $1.85 at $8.07 on the Nasdaq Stock Market in Tuesday afternoon trading.	ATA shares were down $1.85 at $8.07 on the Nasdaq in trading Tuesday afternoon.	1
ATA shares were down $1.85 at $8.07 on the Nasdaq Stock Market in Tuesday afternoon trading.	ATA shares were down $1.85 at $8.07 in the Nasdaq Stock Market in Tuesday afternoon trading.	1
ATA shares were down $1.85 at $8.07 on the Nasdaq Stock Market in Tuesday afternoon trading.	ATA shares were down $1.85 at $8.07 on the Nasdaq Stock Market on Tuesday afternoon trading.	1
ATA shares were down $1.85 at $8.07 on the Nasdaq Stock Market in Tuesday afternoon trading.	ATA shares were down $1.85 at $8.07 on the Nasdaq stock market Tuesday afternoon trading.	1
ATA shares were down $1.85 at $8.07 on the Nasdaq Stock Market in Tuesday afternoon trading.	In trading on Tuesday afternoon, ATA shares were down $1.85 at $8.07 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
ATA shares were down $1.85 at $8.07 on the Nasdaq Stock Market in Tuesday afternoon trading.	In terms of shares, ATA shares were down $1.85 at $8.07 on the Nasdaq Stock Market in Tuesday afternoon trading.	1
There was no immediate response from North Korea or the United States.	There is no immediate response from North Korea or the United States.	1
But the new vaccine will not even begin to be tested in people until 2005 and will not be approved for use for several years after that.	The new vaccine will not even begin to be tested in people until 2005 and will not be approved for use for several years after that.	1
But the new vaccine will not even begin to be tested in people until 2005 and will not be approved for use for several years after that.	But the new vaccine will not start to be tested in people until 2005 and will not be approved for use for several years after that.	1
But authorities have been unable to stop the tragedies, which they blame on overcrowding, poor vessel construction and lax enforcement of safety rules.	But authorities have been unable to stop the tragedies which they blame on overcrowding, poor vessel construction and lax enforcement of safety rules.	1
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.	The Euro EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.	1
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.	The Euro EUR=> is up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.	1
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.	The euro EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.	1
Grass' plea will leave Rite Aid's former vice chairman and chief counsel, Franklin C. Brown, to stand trial alone in federal court starting Monday.	Grass' plea will leave Rite Aid's former vice chairman and chief counsel, Franklin C. Brown, to stand trial alone in federal court beginning Monday.	1
Grass' plea will leave Rite Aid's former vice chairman and chief counsel, Franklin C. Brown, to stand trial alone in federal court starting Monday.	Grass plea will leave Rite Aid's former vice chairman and chief counsel, Franklin C. Brown, to stand trial alone in federal court starting Monday.	1
Grass' plea will leave Rite Aid's former vice chairman and chief counsel, Franklin C. Brown, to stand trial alone in federal court starting Monday.	Will Grass' plea leave Rite Aid's former vice chairman and chief counsel, Franklin C. Brown, to stand trial alone in federal court starting Monday?	1
He started in the 1983 Super Bowl, which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington.	Who started in the Super Bowl 1983, which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington.	1
He started in the 1983 Super Bowl, which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington.	In the Super Bowl, he started in the 1983, which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington.	1
He started in the 1983 Super Bowl, which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington.	In his career, Nelson started in the 1983 Super Bowl, which Miami lost 27-17 to Washington.	1
However, George Heath, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said shortly after the attack that Akbar had "an attitude problem".	George Heath, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said shortly after the attack that Akbar had "an attitude problem".	1
However, George Heath, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said shortly after the attack that Akbar had "an attitude problem".	However, George Heath, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said shortly after the attack that Akbar had an attitude problem.	1
However, George Heath, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said shortly after the attack that Akbar had "an attitude problem".	George Heath, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said shortly after the attack that Akbar had an attitude problem.	1
However, George Heath, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said shortly after the attack that Akbar had "an attitude problem".	In a remark, George Heath, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said shortly after the attack that Akbar had "an attitude problem".	1
"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Mr. Heyer said.	"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's biggest and most familiar brands," Mr. Heyer said.	1
"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Mr. Heyer said.	"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing the world's largest and most familiar brands," Mr. Heyer said.	1
"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Mr. Heyer said.	"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most famous brands," Mr. Heyer said.	1
"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Mr. Heyer said.	"Dan brings to Coca-Cola immense experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Mr. Heyer said.	1
The new WPAN standard uses the 2.4-GHz unlicensed frequency band and specifies raw data rates of 11M, 22M, 33M, 44M and 55Mbit/sec.	The new WPAN standard uses the unlicensed 2.4-GHz frequency band and specifies raw data rates of 11M, 22M, 33M, 44M and 55Mbit/sec.	1
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment.	We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over Supreme Court appointment.	1
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.	Nterprise - Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.	1
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.	Nterprise Linux Services will be available before then end of this year.	1
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.	Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before the end of this year.	1
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.	Nterprise Linux Services will be available before the end of this year.	1
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.	Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be released before then end of this year.	1
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.	Nterprise Linux services will be available by the end of this year.	1
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.	Nterprise Linux services will be available before the end of this year.	1
Nterprise Linux Services is expected to be available before then end of this year.	Nterprise Linux services is expected to be available before the end of this year.	1
With a wry smile, Mr. Bush replied, "You're looking pretty young these days."	With a wry smile, Mr. Bush replied, "You're looking pretty pretty young these days."	1
With a wry smile, Mr. Bush replied, "You're looking pretty young these days."	With a wry smile, Mr. Bush responded: "You're pretty young these days."	1
With a wry smile, Mr. Bush replied, "You're looking pretty young these days."	With a wry smile, Mr. Bush replied "You're looking pretty young these days."	1
With a wry smile, Mr. Bush replied, "You're looking pretty young these days."	With a wry smile, Mr. Bush replied, "You look pretty young these days."	1
With a wry smile, Mr. Bush replied, "You're looking pretty young these days."	With a wry smile, Mr. Bush replied, "You're pretty young these days."	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged down 28.08 points, or 0.3 percent, at 9,256.49.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average.DJI edged down 28.08 points, or 0.3 percent, at 9,256.49.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged down 28.08 points, or 0.3 percent, at 9,256.49.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average.DJI edged down 28.08 points, or 0.3%, at 9,256.49.	1
Christina's aunt, Shelley Riling , said the defense's claims were preposterous.	Christina's aunt, Shelley Riling, said the defense's claims were preposterous.	1
Christina's aunt, Shelley Riling , said the defense's claims were preposterous.	Christina Riling's aunt, Shelley Riling, said the defense's claims were preposterous.	1
Christina's aunt, Shelley Riling , said the defense's claims were preposterous.	Christina’s aunt Shelley Riling, said the defense's claims were preposterous.	1
Christina's aunt, Shelley Riling , said the defense's claims were preposterous.	Christina's aunt, Shelley Riling, called the defense's claims preposterous.	1
Christina's aunt, Shelley Riling , said the defense's claims were preposterous.	Christina Riling's aunt, Shelley Riling, said the defense's claim was preposterous.	1
Christina's aunt, Shelley Riling , said the defense's claims were preposterous.	Christina Riling - Christina's aunt, Shelley Riling, said the defense's claims were preposterous.	1
Christina's aunt, Shelley Riling , said the defense's claims were preposterous.	Christina's aunt, Shelley Riling, says the defense's claims were preposterous.	1
Christina's aunt, Shelley Riling , said the defense's claims were preposterous.	Christina's aunt Shelley Riling, said the defense's claims were preposterous.	1
Christina's aunt, Shelley Riling , said the defense's claims were preposterous.	Christina's aunt Shelley Riling said the defense's claims were preposterous.	1
"This is extraordinarily fast," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.	This is extraordinarily fast," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.	1
"This is extraordinarily fast," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.	"It is extraordinarily fast," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.	1
"This is extraordinarily fast," said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.	This is extraordinarily fast, said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets.	1
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.	According to Agnew, Pinellas started baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.	1
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.	"Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases went from zero to 30" in 1995, Agnew said.	1
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.	When rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995, Agnew said Pinellas began baiting.	1
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.	"Now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.	1
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's in Texas.	Bond says he is disappointed that neither his brother nor President Bush attended the conference in Florida or last year's in Texas.	1
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's in Texas.	Bond voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's in Texas.	1
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's in Texas.	Bond said he was disappointed that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's in Texas.	1
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's in Texas.	Bond said that he is disappointed that neither Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's in Texas.	1
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's in Texas.	Bond echoed his disappointment that President Bush and his brother attended neither of these conference in Florida nor last year's in Texas.	1
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's in Texas.	Bond also expressed his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's in Texas.	1
Bond also voiced his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's in Texas.	Bond expressed his disappointment that neither President Bush nor his brother attended this conference in Florida or last year's in Texas.	1
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.	British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc announced earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.	1
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.	British based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.	1
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.	British pharmacology firm GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.	1
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.	UK-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.	1
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.	The UK-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.	1
British-based GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.	British drugstore GlaxoSmithKline Plc said earlier this year it would cut off supplies to Canadian drugstores that ship to the United States.	1
The Justice Department Aug. 19 gave pre-clearance for the Oct. 7 date for the election to recall Gov. Gray Davis, saying it would not affect minority voting rights.	Justice Department Aug. 19 gave pre-clearance for the Oct. 7 date for the election to recall Gov. Gray Davis, saying it would not affect minority voting rights.	1
The Justice Department Aug. 19 gave pre-clearance for the Oct. 7 date for the election to recall Gov. Gray Davis, saying it would not affect minority voting rights.	On Aug. 19, the Justice Department gave pre-clearance for the Oct. 7 date for the election to recall Gov. Gray Davis, saying it would not affect minority voting rights.	1
Those in their twenties who ejaculated more than five times a week were one-third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life, they say.	Those in their twenties who ejaculated more than five times a week were one-third less likely to get aggressive prostate cancer later in life, they say.	1
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.	But the prime minister told the BBC he was not bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.	1
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.	The Prime Minister tells BBC he is not bothered by polls but would continue to do what he believes to be right.	1
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.	But the prime minister told the BBC he didn't care about polls and that he would continue to do what he believes to be right.	1
Class-action suits expand exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group with common interest.	Class action suits expand exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group with common interest.	1
Class-action suits expand exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group with common interest.	Generally speaking, class-action lawsuits expand exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group with common interest.	1
Class-action suits expand exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group with common interest.	Class-action suits expand exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group of plaintiffs with common interest.	1
Class-action suits expand exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group with common interest.	Class action suits multiply exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group with common interest.	1
Class-action suits expand exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group with common interest.	Class actions expand exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group with common interest.	1
Powers said almost all supercomputer users would rather pay companies like IBM to do all that than try to build their own.	Powers said that most supercomputer users would rather pay companies like IBM to do all that than try to build their own.	1
Powers said almost all supercomputer users would rather pay companies like IBM to do all that than try to build their own.	Powers says almost all supercomputer users would rather pay companies like IBM to do all that than try to build their own.	1
One of the Oregon species was acclimated to a temperature of 65, but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87.	One species of Oregon was acclimated to a temperature of 65 but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87.	1
One of the Oregon species was acclimated to a temperature of 65, but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87.	One species of the Oregon species was acclimated to a temperature of 65, but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87.	1
One of the Oregon species was acclimated to a temperature of 65, but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87.	The Oregon species was acclimatated to a temperature of 65, but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87.	1
One of the Oregon species was acclimated to a temperature of 65, but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87.	One species of Oregon was acclimated to a temperature of 65, but survived until the aquarium temperature reached 87.	1
The judge's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing-room only purchasing hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court.	Judge's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing-room only purchasing hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court.	1
The judge's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing-room only purchasing hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court.	The judge's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing-room only purchasing hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court. The judge's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors.	1
The judge's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing-room only purchasing hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court.	The judge's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing-room only buying hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court.	1
The judge's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing-room only purchasing hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court.	The judge's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing-room only purchasing hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court.	1
The judge's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing-room only purchasing hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court.	The judge's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing room only purchasing hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court.	1
The judge's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing-room only purchasing hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court.	The judge's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing room only buying hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court.	1
The value of the deal has increased since BP first announced it in February.	The value of the BP deal has increased since the announcement was made in February.	1
The value of the deal has increased since BP first announced it in February.	The value of the deal has increased since BP announced it in February.	1
The value of the deal has increased since BP first announced it in February.	Value of the deal has increased since BP announced it in February.	1
The value of the deal has increased since BP first announced it in February.	Since BP announced the deal in February, the value of the deal has increased.	1
The value of the deal has increased since BP first announced it in February.	The value of the deal has increased since the BP deal was announced in February.	1
The value of the deal has increased since BP first announced it in February.	The value of the BP deal has increased since it was announced in February.	1
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.	He was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3. Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.	1
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.	He was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3. Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3rd.	1
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".	Lord Falconer hailed the changes as a new beginning as far as the courts, crown prosecution services and police are concerned.	1
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".	Lord Falconer hailed the changes as 'a new beginning' as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and Police are concerned.	1
Their worst-case scenario is the accidental deletion or malicious falsification of ballots from the 1.42 million Californians who could vote on electronic touch-screen machines.	The worst case scenario is the accidental deletion or malicious falsification of ballots from the 1.42 million Californians who could vote on electronic touch-screen machines.	1
Their worst-case scenario is the accidental deletion or malicious falsification of ballots from the 1.42 million Californians who could vote on electronic touch-screen machines.	The worst-case scenario is the accidental deletion or malicious falsification of ballots from the 1.42 million Californians who could vote on electronic touch-screen machines.	1
"Let's show we won't let them off," said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.	Let's show we won't let them off," said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.	1
"Let's show we won't let them off," said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.	"Let's show we won't let them off", said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.	1
"Let's show we won't let them off," said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.	Let's show we won't let them off", said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.	1
"Let's show we won't let them off," said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force Ouvriere union.	Let's show we won't let them off," said Marc Blondel, leader of the Force OUVRIRE union.	1
GE stock closed at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.	GE stocks closed at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
GE stock closed at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.	GE stock closed at 30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
GE stock closed at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.	GE shares closed at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
GE stock closed at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.	GE closed at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
An artist who painted a fake "CAUTION Low Flying Planes" sign on a building near ground zero said Tuesday that he did not mean to offend anyone.	The artist who painted a fake "CAUTION Low Flying Planes" sign on a building near ground zero said Tuesday that he did not mean to offend anyone.	1
An artist who painted a fake "CAUTION Low Flying Planes" sign on a building near ground zero said Tuesday that he did not mean to offend anyone.	On Tuesday, an artist who painted a fake "CAUTION Low Flying Planes" sign on a building near ground zero said that he did not mean to offend anyone.	1
An artist who painted a fake "CAUTION Low Flying Planes" sign on a building near ground zero said Tuesday that he did not mean to offend anyone.	An artist who painted a fake "CAUTION Low Flying Planes" sign on a building near ground zero said Tuesday he did not mean to offend anyone.	1
An artist who painted a fake "CAUTION Low Flying Planes" sign on a building near ground zero said Tuesday that he did not mean to offend anyone.	Artist who painted fake "CAUTION Low Flying Planes" sign on a building near ground zero said Tuesday he did not mean to offend anyone.	1
Utah's median household income also took a hit, falling 1.8 percent, from $48,875 to $47,978.	In Utah, the median household income also took a hit, falling 1.8 percent, from $48,875 to $47,978.	1
Utah's median household income also took a hit, falling 1.8 percent, from $48,875 to $47,978.	Utah's median household income also took a hit, falling 1.8%, from $48,875 to $47,978.	1
Utah's median household income also took a hit, falling 1.8 percent, from $48,875 to $47,978.	The Utah's median household income also took a hit, falling 1.8 percent, from $48,875 to $47,978.	1
Utah's median household income also took a hit, falling 1.8 percent, from $48,875 to $47,978.	In Utah, the median household income took a hit, falling 1.8 percent, from $48,875 to $47,978.	1
Utah's median household income also took a hit, falling 1.8 percent, from $48,875 to $47,978.	The median household income in Utah also took a hit, falling 1.8 percent, from $48,875 to $47,978.	1
Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development," Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement.	Culturecom is confident that it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development," Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement.	1
Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development," Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement.	Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development", said Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, in a statement.	1
Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development," Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement.	"Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development," Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement.	1
Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development," Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement.	Culturecom is confident that it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development", Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement.	1
Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development," Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement.	Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development," Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement in a statement.	1
Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development," Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement.	Culturecom is confident that it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development, said Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, in a statement.	1
Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development," Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement.	Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development," said Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, in a statement.	1
Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development," Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement.	"We are confident that Culturecom will make a significant impact on market share with this new development," said Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, in a statement.	1
Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development," Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement.	Culturecom is confident it will make a significant impact on market share with this new development", Frank Cheung, chairman of Culturecom, said in a statement.	1
The move to rein in losses at its four boutique outlets comes as the retailer seeks to cap the cost of doing business.	The retailer is moving to rein in losses at its four boutique outlets as it seeks to cap the cost of doing business.	1
Defence lawyers sought to have those charges thrown out, claiming the Bali court had no jurisdiction over those crimes.	Defense lawyers sought to have those charges thrown out, claiming the Bali court had no jurisdiction over those crimes.	1
Defence lawyers sought to have those charges thrown out, claiming the Bali court had no jurisdiction over those crimes.	Defence lawyers want to have those charges thrown out, claiming the Bali court had no jurisdiction over those crimes.	1
Defence lawyers sought to have those charges thrown out, claiming the Bali court had no jurisdiction over those crimes.	Defence lawyers argued that the Bali court had no jurisdiction over the crimes. They sought to have those charges thrown out.	1
Defence lawyers sought to have those charges thrown out, claiming the Bali court had no jurisdiction over those crimes.	Defence lawyers wanted to have those charges thrown out, claiming the Bali court had no jurisdiction over those crimes.	1
Defence lawyers sought to have those charges thrown out, claiming the Bali court had no jurisdiction over those crimes.	The defence lawyers sought to have those charges thrown out, claiming the Bali court had no jurisdiction over those crimes.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX declined 10.65 points, or 1.07 percent, to 987.86.	The broader Standard and Poor's 500 Index.SPX lost 10.65 points, or 1.07 percent, to 987.86.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX declined 10.65 points, or 1.07 percent, to 987.86.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index dropped 10.65 points, or 1.07 percent, to 987.86.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX declined 10.65 points, or 1.07 percent, to 987.86.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX declined 10.65 points, or 1.07 percent, to 987.86.	1
Nine traffic deaths were blamed on the storm in North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Washington.	In North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania, and Washington, nine traffic deaths were caused by the storm.	1
Nine traffic deaths were blamed on the storm in North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Washington.	In North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Washington, nine traffic deaths were caused by the storm.	1
Nine traffic deaths were blamed on the storm in North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Washington.	In North Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Pennsylvania and Washington, nine traffic deaths were blamed on the storm.	1
He faces 25 years in prison when he is sentenced in federal court July 7.	As of today, he faces 25 years in prison. He is sentenced in federal court July 7.	1
He faces 25 years in prison when he is sentenced in federal court July 7.	He faces 25 years in prison when he is sentenced in federal court July 7. He faces 25 years in prison when he is sentenced July 7.	1
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.	And also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.	1
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.	The identical rovers act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.	1
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.	The identical rovers will act as robot geologists, searching for evidence of past water.	1
Shellfire could be heard in the background as Ghafar spoke by satellite telephone.	As an example, shellfire could be heard in the background as Ghafar spoke by satellite telephone.	1
"As expected, second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses," said Robert A. Eckert, chief executive.	"As expected, second quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses," said Robert A. Eckert, chief executive.	1
"As expected, second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses," said Robert A. Eckert, chief executive.	“As expected, second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses," said Robert A. Eckert, chief executive.	1
"As expected, second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses," said Robert A. Eckert, chief executive.	As expected, second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses," said Robert A. Eckert, chief executive.	1
"As expected, second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses," said Robert A. Eckert, chief executive.	As expected, second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses, said Robert A. Eckert, chief executive.	1
"As expected, second-quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses," said Robert A. Eckert, chief executive.	As expected, second quarter sales were weak driven by the combination of declining retail inventories and market-share losses," said Robert A. Eckert, chief executive.	1
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.	Among his dissenters were Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.	1
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.	He dissents and was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.	1
Davis, who appointed all of the PUC commissioners, called the proposed settlement ``too expensive for the ratepayers.	Davis, who appointed all of the PUC commissioners, called the proposed settlement too costly for the ratepayers.	1
Davis, who appointed all of the PUC commissioners, called the proposed settlement ``too expensive for the ratepayers.	Davis, who appointed all of the PUC commissioners, called the proposed settlement too expensive for the ratepayers.	1
Davis, who appointed all of the PUC commissioners, called the proposed settlement ``too expensive for the ratepayers.	Davis, who appointed all of the PUC commissioners, called the proposed settlement too expensive for the ratepayers.’	1
The Iranian refugee who sewed up his eyes, lips and ears in protest at the handling of his asylum claim has won his fight to remain in Britain.	The Iranian refugee who sewed up his eyes, lips and ears in protest at the handling of his asylum claim has won his fight to stay in Britain.	1
The Iranian refugee who sewed up his eyes, lips and ears in protest at the handling of his asylum claim has won his fight to remain in Britain.	The Iran refugee who sewed up his eyes, lips and ears in protest at the handling of his asylum claim has won his fight to remain in Britain.	1
The Iranian refugee who sewed up his eyes, lips and ears in protest at the handling of his asylum claim has won his fight to remain in Britain.	It seems the Iranian refugee who sewed up his eyes, lips and ears in protest at the handling of his asylum claim has won his fight to remain in Britain.	1
The Iranian refugee who sewed up his eyes, lips and ears in protest at the handling of his asylum claim has won his fight to remain in Britain.	Iran refugee who sewed up his eyes, lips and ears in protest at the handling of his asylum claim has won his fight to remain in Britain.	1
Seven Air Force Academy cadets face punishment for allegedly drinking with two high school girls.	Seven Air Force Academy cadets are being punished for their allegedly drinking with two high school girls.	1
Seven Air Force Academy cadets face punishment for allegedly drinking with two high school girls.	Seven Air Force Academy cadets are facing punishment for allegedly drinking with two high school girls.	1
Seven Air Force Academy cadets face punishment for allegedly drinking with two high school girls.	Seven Air Force Academy cadets are facing punishment after allegedly drinking with two high school girls.	1
Seven Air Force Academy cadets face punishment for allegedly drinking with two high school girls.	Seven Air Force Academy cadets face punishment for allegedly drank with two high school girls.	1
Seven Air Force Academy cadets face punishment for allegedly drinking with two high school girls.	7 Air Force Academy cadets face punishment for allegedly drinking with two high school girls.	1
Seven Air Force Academy cadets face punishment for allegedly drinking with two high school girls.	Seven Air Force Academy cadets are facing punishment for drinking with two high school girls.	1
Seven Air Force Academy cadets face punishment for allegedly drinking with two high school girls.	Seven Air Force Academy cadets are charged with drinking with two high school girls.	1
About 130,000 U.S. troops remain in Iraq, with others deployed in Afghanistan, South Korea and elsewhere.	About 130,000 U.S. troops are still in Iraq, while others are deployed in Afghanistan, South Korea and elsewhere.	1
About 130,000 U.S. troops remain in Iraq, with others deployed in Afghanistan, South Korea and elsewhere.	About 130,000 U.S. troops are currently in Iraq with other deployments in Afghanistan, South Korea and elsewhere.	1
About 130,000 U.S. troops remain in Iraq, with others deployed in Afghanistan, South Korea and elsewhere.	Approximately 130,000 U.S. troops remain in Iraq, with others deployed in Afghanistan, South Korea and elsewhere.	1
About 130,000 U.S. troops remain in Iraq, with others deployed in Afghanistan, South Korea and elsewhere.	About 130,000 U.S. troops are currently deployed in Iraq, with others deployed in Afghanistan, South Korea and elsewhere.	1
Spot gold was fetching $365.25/366.25 an ounce at 0520 GMT, having galloped as high as $368.90 -- a level not seen since February 10.	Gold was fetching $365.25/366.25 an ounce at 0520 GMT, having galloped as high as $368.90 -- a level not seen since February 10.	1
Spot gold was fetching $365.25/366.25 an ounce at 0520 GMT, having galloped as high as $368.90 -- a level not seen since February 10.	Spot gold was fetching $365.25/366.25 an ounce at 0520 GMT, having galloped as high as $368.90 a level not seen since February 10.	1
Spot gold was fetching $365.25/366.25 an ounce at 0520 GMT, having galloped as high as $368.90 -- a level not seen since February 10.	At 0520 GMT, Spot gold was fetching $365.25/366.25 an ounce, having galloped as high as $368.90 -- a level not seen since February 10.	1
Spot gold was fetching $365.25/366.25 an ounce at 0520 GMT, having galloped as high as $368.90 -- a level not seen since February 10.	Gold price was $365.25/366.25 an ounce at 0520 GMT, had galloped as high as $368.90, a level not seen since February 10.	1
Henri was centered about 75 miles southwest of Cedar Key and was moving east-northeast at 5 mph, forecasters said.	The forecasters said Henri was about 75 miles southwest of Cedar Key and was moving east-northeast at 5 mph, forecasters said.	1
Henri was centered about 75 miles southwest of Cedar Key and was moving east-northeast at 5 mph, forecasters said.	Henri is centered about 75 miles southwest of Cedar Key and was moving east-northeast at 5 mph, forecasters said.	1
Henri was centered about 75 miles southwest of Cedar Key and was moving east-northeast at 5 mph, forecasters said.	Henri is located about 75 miles southwest of Cedar Key and is moving east-northeast at 5 mph, forecasters said.	1
Branch was later fired by the company and eventually filed a wrongful-termination suit that included details about the documents, the Journal story said.	Branch was fired by the company and eventually filed a wrongful-termination suit that included details about the documents, the Journal story said.	1
Branch was later fired by the company and eventually filed a wrongful-termination suit that included details about the documents, the Journal story said.	Branch was later fired by the company and eventually filed a wrongful-termination suit that included details about the documents, the Journal story said. Branch was later fired by the company and ultimately filed a wrongful termination suit that included details about the documents, the Journal story said.	1
Branch was later fired by the company and eventually filed a wrongful-termination suit that included details about the documents, the Journal story said.	Branch was later fired by the company and eventually filed a wrongful termination suit that included details about the documents, the Journal story said.	1
Branch was later fired by the company and eventually filed a wrongful-termination suit that included details about the documents, the Journal story said.	Branch was later fired by the company and ultimately filed a wrongful-termination suit that included details about the documents, the Journal story said.	1
Branch was later fired by the company and eventually filed a wrongful-termination suit that included details about the documents, the Journal story said.	Branch was later fired by the company and ultimately filed a wrongful termination suit that included details about the documents, the Journal story said.	1
The stretch of Danube river passing through the Balkans dropped so low that wrecks of World War II boats became visible.	The stretch of the Danube river passing through the Balkans dropped so low that wrecks of World War 2 boats became visible.	1
Bush is spending the weekend at his Crawford ranch, where he will play host to Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.	Bush will spend the weekend at his own Crawford Ranch, where he will play host to Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi.	1
Bush is spending the weekend at his Crawford ranch, where he will play host to Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.	Bush will spend the weekend at his Crawford ranch, where he will play host to Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.	1
Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio is expected to raise more than $1 million.	Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio is expected to raise more than $1.1 million.	1
Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio is expected to raise more than $1 million.	Rep. Dennis Kucinich of Ohio is expected to raise over $1 million.	1
But a state judge has ruled that the so-called "double jeopardy" protections do not apply in the case.	But a state judge has ruled that the so-called double jeopardy protections do not apply in the case.	1
But a state judge has ruled that the so-called "double jeopardy" protections do not apply in the case.	Now a state judge has ruled that the so-called "double jeopardy" protections do not apply in the case.	1
But a state judge has ruled that the so-called "double jeopardy" protections do not apply in the case.	A state judge has ruled that the so-called "double jeopardy" protections do not apply in the case.	1
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.	After a protest hurried the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.	1
At least 27 US troops have been killed in hostile fire since Bush's statement.	At least 27 US soldiers have been killed in hostile fire since Bush's statement.	1
At least 27 US troops have been killed in hostile fire since Bush's statement.	In all, 27 US troops have been killed in hostile fire since Bush's announcement.	1
At least 27 US troops have been killed in hostile fire since Bush's statement.	At least 27 American troops have been killed in hostile fire since Bush's announcement.	1
The worst-affected area was South Kyongsang province where at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away.	The worst affected area was South Kyongsang province where at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away.	1
She said the president's eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to their teenage daughter as well.	She said the president's eyes filled with tears when she told him he would have to confess to their teenage daughter.	1
The Legislature returns today for a special session and they're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors' medical malpractice insurance rates.	The state returns today for a special session and they're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors' medical malpractice insurance rates.	1
The Legislature returns today for a special session and they're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors' medical malpractice insurance rates.	The Legislature is returning today for a special session and they're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors' medical malpractice insurance rates.	1
The Legislature returns today for a special session and they're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors' medical malpractice insurance rates.	The legislature returns today for a special session and they're expected to pass a compromise bill aimed at lowering doctors' malpractice insurance rates.	1
A recent poll showed Edwards with a narrow lead in South Carolina, and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday.	A poll showed Edwards with a narrow lead in South Carolina, and he plans to rally there later on Tuesday.	1
A recent poll showed Edwards with a narrow lead in South Carolina, and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday.	A poll has Edwards with a narrow lead in South Carolina, and he plans to rally there later on Tuesday.	1
A recent poll showed Edwards with a narrow lead in South Carolina, and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday.	A recent poll showed Edwards with a narrow lead in South Carolina, and he plans to rally there later on Tuesday.	1
A recent poll showed Edwards with a narrow lead in South Carolina, and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday.	A poll showed Edwards with a narrow lead in South Carolina, and he plans a rally there later on Tuesday.	1
The stock closed Friday at $5.91, down $1.24, or 17 percent, on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Stock closed Friday at $5.91, down $1.24, or 17 percent, on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
The stock closed Friday at $5.91, down $1.24, or 17 percent, on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	NASDAQ – The stock closed Friday at $5.91, down $1.24, or 17 percent, on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.	Shelia Chaney Wilson appeared agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.	1
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.	Shelia Chaney Wilson seems agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.	1
Shelia Chaney Wilson seemed agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.	Shelia Chaney Wilson was agitated when she came to help prepare for Turner Monumental A.M.E. Church's upcoming 104th anniversary celebration, worshippers said.	1
"SCO has not shown us any evidence that we've violated our agreements in any way," IBM spokesperson Trink Guarino told internetnews.com.	SCO has not shown us any evidence of we've violated our agreements in any way," IBM spokesperson Trink Guarino told internetnews.com.	1
"SCO has not shown us any evidence that we've violated our agreements in any way," IBM spokesperson Trink Guarino told internetnews.com.	"SCO has not shown us any evidence that we have violated our agreements in any way," IBM spokesperson Trink Guarino told internetnews.com.	1
"SCO has not shown us any evidence that we've violated our agreements in any way," IBM spokesperson Trink Guarino told internetnews.com.	IBM: SCO hasn't shown us any evidence that we've violated our agreements in any way," IBM spokesperson Trink Guarino told internetnews.com.	1
"SCO has not shown us any evidence that we've violated our agreements in any way," IBM spokesperson Trink Guarino told internetnews.com.	IBM spokesperson Trink Guarino told internetnews.com that "SCO has not shown us any evidence that we've violated our agreements in any way."	1
"SCO has not shown us any evidence that we've violated our agreements in any way," IBM spokesperson Trink Guarino told internetnews.com.	IBM spokesperson Trink Guarino told internetnews.com. "SCO has not shown us any evidence that we've violated our agreements in any way."	1
In March, Rowland's former deputy chief of staff pleaded guilty to accepting gold and cash in return for steering state contracts.	In March, Rowland's former deputy chief of staff pleaded guilty to accepting cash and gold in return for steering state contracts.	1
"It''s absurd," Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.	"It''s absurd," Funny Cide trainer Barclay Tagg said.	1
"It''s absurd," Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.	"It's absurd," Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said. "It''s absurd,"	1
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.	Longer out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.	1
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.	Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT =RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.	1
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.	Further out, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.	1
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.	Continuing out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.	1
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.	As a further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.	1
"United is continuing to deliver major cost reductions and is now coupling that effort with significant unit revenue improvement," chief financial officer Jake Brace said in a statement.	United is continuing to deliver major cost reductions and is now coupling that effort with significant unit revenue improvement," chief financial officer Jake Brace said in a statement.	1
"United is continuing to deliver major cost reductions and is now coupling that effort with significant unit revenue improvement," chief financial officer Jake Brace said in a statement.	Chief Financial Officer Jake Brace said United is continuing to deliver major cost reductions and is now coupling that effort with significant unit revenue improvement," he said in a statement.	1
Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.	The visit of Saud al-Faisal by Minister was disclosed on Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.	1
Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.	Minister Saud Al Faisal's visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.	1
Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.	Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed on Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.	1
SAN Architect and AutoAdvice can be used by themselves or as extensions to the ControlCenter family of storage management applications.	AutoAdvice and SAN Architect can be used independently or as extensions to the ControlCenter family of storage management applications.	1
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.	In one park, teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.	1
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.	In some Parks, teams of inspectors walked into restricted areas without being stopped. Some took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.	1
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.	Several teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.	1
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.	In one park, several inspection teams walked into the restricted area without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.	1
When Biggs's body was found, authorities had no leads until four months later, when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party.	When Biggs' body was found, authorities had no leads until four months later, when a tipter said Mallard talked about the incident at a party.	1
When Biggs's body was found, authorities had no leads until four months later, when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party.	When Biggs' body was found, authorities had no leads until four months later, when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party.	1
When Biggs's body was found, authorities had no leads until four months later, when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party.	When Biggs's body was found, authorities had no leads until four months later, when a tipter said Mallard talked about the incident at a party.	1
He is accused of obstructing justice, witness tampering and destroying evidence.	Besides witness tampering, he is accused of obstructing justice and destroying evidence.	1
He is accused of obstructing justice, witness tampering and destroying evidence.	He is accused of obstructing justice, witness tampering, and destroying evidence.	1
He is accused of obstructing justice, witness tampering and destroying evidence.	He is charged of obstructing justice, witness tampering, and destroying evidence.	1
Mr. Stevens has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought.	Stevens has told his officers that intelligence from British intelligence indicates there are more al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought.	1
Mr. Stevens has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought.	Mr. Stevens has told his officers that British intelligence indicates there is more al Qaeda in Britain than previously thought.	1
Mr. Stevens has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought.	Mr. Stevens has told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more Al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought.	1
Mr. Stevens has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought.	Mr. Stevens has told his officers that intelligence from British intelligence indicates there are more al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought.	1
Mr. Stevens has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought.	Mr. Stevens has also told his officers that intelligence from British intelligence indicates there are more Al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought.	1
Mr. Stevens has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought.	Mr. Stevens told officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more Al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought.	1
The victims included seven Lebanese, four Egyptians, one Saudi and one Sudanese, the ministry official said.	The victims include seven Lebanese, four Egyptians, one Saudi and one Sudanese, a ministry official said.	1
The victims included seven Lebanese, four Egyptians, one Saudi and one Sudanese, the ministry official said.	The victims included 7 Lebanese, 4 Egyptians, one Saudi and one Sudanese, ministry official said.	1
The victims included seven Lebanese, four Egyptians, one Saudi and one Sudanese, the ministry official said.	A ministry official said that the seven victims included Lebanese, four Egyptians, one Saudi, and one Sudanese.	1
The victims included seven Lebanese, four Egyptians, one Saudi and one Sudanese, the ministry official said.	Among the victims were 7 Lebanese, 4 Egyptians, 1 Saudi and 1 Sudanese, the ministry official said.	1
The victims included seven Lebanese, four Egyptians, one Saudi and one Sudanese, the ministry official said.	The ministry's spokesperson said the victims included seven Lebanese, four Egyptians, one Saudi and one Sudanese.	1
The victims included seven Lebanese, four Egyptians, one Saudi and one Sudanese, the ministry official said.	The victims include seven Lebanese, four Egyptians, one Saudi and one Sudanese, the ministry official said.	1
The victims included seven Lebanese, four Egyptians, one Saudi and one Sudanese, the ministry official said.	The victims included 7 Lebanese, 4 Egyptians, one Saudi and one Sudanese, the ministry official said.	1
He said some issues _ such as division break-up _ really can only be resolved if and when the conference is expanded.	He said some issues _such as division break up _ really can only be resolved if and when the conference is expanded.	1
He said some issues _ such as division break-up _ really can only be resolved if and when the conference is expanded.	He said that some issues _ such as division break up _ really can only be resolved if and when the conference is expanded.	1
But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.	In the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, Meyers said the family knew there was an uneven match.	1
But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.	In the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, Meyers said the family knew it was an uneven match.	1
But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.	In the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.	1
But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.	In the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, Meyers said the family knew it was an uneven match. "But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match," Meyers said.	1
But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.	But the family knew it was an uneven match. In the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, Meyers said.	1
But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.	The family knew the match was uneven, Meyers said. In the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match.	1
But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.	Is it true that in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.	1
But in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, the family knew it was an uneven match, Meyers said.	But the family knew it was an uneven match in the first 30 seconds after Young entered the ring, Meyers said.	1
"This blackout was largely preventable," said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary.	"This blackout was largely preventable," said Spencer Abraham, the US energy secretary.	1
"This blackout was largely preventable," said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary.	The blackout was largely preventable, said Spencer Abraham, the US energy secretary.	1
"This blackout was largely preventable," said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary.	Was this blackout largely preventable," said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary.	1
"This blackout was largely preventable," said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary.	This blackout was largely preventable, said Spencer Abraham, the US energy secretary.	1
November 17's last victim was British defence attache Stephen Saunders, who was shot on an Athens road in June 2000.	November 17's final victim was British Defence Attache Stephen Saunders, who was shot on an Athens road in June 2000.	1
November 17's last victim was British defence attache Stephen Saunders, who was shot on an Athens road in June 2000.	Last November 17's last victim was British Defence Attache Stephen Saunders, who was shot on an Athens road in June 2000.	1
Nearly all of Ford's second-quarter profit came from Ford Credit, which earned a net $401 million, up 21.5 percent.	Nearly all of Ford's second-quarter profit came from Ford Credit, which earned a net $401 million, up 21.5%.	1
Nearly all of Ford's second-quarter profit came from Ford Credit, which earned a net $401 million, up 21.5 percent.	In the second quarter, nearly all of Ford's revenue came from Ford Credit, which earned a net $401 million, up 21.5 percent.	1
Nearly all of Ford's second-quarter profit came from Ford Credit, which earned a net $401 million, up 21.5 percent.	In the second quarter, Ford's profit came from Ford Credit, which earned a net $401 million, up 21.5 percent.	1
The suit is to be filed against Secretary of State Kevin Shelley and election officials in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.	Is the suit being filed against Secretary of State Kevin Shelley and election officials in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties?	1
The suit is to be filed against Secretary of State Kevin Shelley and election officials in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.	The suit is filed against Secretary of State Kevin Shelley and election officials in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.	1
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.	Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for Best Actress in Musical.	1
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.	Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy won for best actress in a musical.	1
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.	Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won best actress in a musical.	1
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.	Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won the best actress for a musical.	1
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.	Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won the best actress award in Musical Theatre.	1
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.	Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won the best actress in a musical.	1
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.	Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won the best actress award in musical.	1
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.	Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in musical.	1
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.	Marissa Jaret Winokur won the best actress award for her role as Tracy for a musical.	1
Marissa Jaret Winokur, as Tracy, won for best actress in a musical.	Marissa Jaret Winokur won Best Actress in Musical for Tracy.	1
But while Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago. But Microsoft has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	1
But while Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	While Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, it has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	1
But while Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	While Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	1
But while Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	And while Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the firm denies anti-competitive practices are to blame.	1
But while Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago. It has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	1
But while Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, but the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	1
But while Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	As Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	1
But while Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, but the company has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	1
But while Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	Although Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the company has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	1
But while Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	1
But while Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the firm has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	While Microsoft's share of the low-end server software market has increased since the EU's investigation started five years ago, the company has denied anti-competitive practices are to blame.	1
No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.	No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.	1
No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.	No country appears likely to oppose proposal for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.	1
No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.	No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council President, replacing the current rotating presidency as well as an EU foreign minister.	1
No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.	No countries seem likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.	1
No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.	No country seems likely to oppose the proposals for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.	1
No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.	No country seems likely to oppose proposal for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.	1
No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.	No country seems likely to oppose a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.	1
No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.	No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council President, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as a EU foreign minister.	1
No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.	No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as a EU foreign minister.	1
No country seems likely to oppose proposals for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.	No country seems likely to oppose the proposal for a long-term European Council president, replacing the current rotating presidency, as well as an EU foreign minister.	1
Third-quarter revenue declined to $36.9 billion from $39.3 billion, primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales.	In the third quarter, revenue fell to $36.9 billion from $39.3 billion, primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales.	1
Third-quarter revenue declined to $36.9 billion from $39.3 billion, primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales.	Third-quarter revenues declined to $36.9 billion from $39.3 billion, primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales.	1
Third-quarter revenue declined to $36.9 billion from $39.3 billion, primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales.	Third quarter revenue declined to $36.9 billion from $39.3 billion, primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales.	1
Third-quarter revenue declined to $36.9 billion from $39.3 billion, primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales.	Third quarter revenue fell to $36.9 billion from $39.3 billion, primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales.	1
Third-quarter revenue declined to $36.9 billion from $39.3 billion, primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales.	The third quarter revenue declined to $36.9 billion from $39.3 billion, primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales.	1
Third-quarter revenue declined to $36.9 billion from $39.3 billion, primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales.	Third quarter revenue fell to $36.9 billion from $39.3 billion primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales.	1
Third-quarter revenue declined to $36.9 billion from $39.3 billion, primarily reflecting lower vehicle sales.	Revenue in the third quarter declined from $39.3 billion to $36.9 billion. This is primarily due to lower vehicle sales.	1
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.	Gartner analysts said that companies aren't feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.	1
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.	Gartner analyst said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.	1
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.	Gartner analysts said that businesses are not feeling confident enough to upgrade their corporate PCs.	1
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.	Gartner analysts said that businesses are not feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.	1
For proof, look no further than this week's Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas.	For more proof, look no further than this week's Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas.	1
Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones, both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels, are among this year's nominees.	Both Edward P. Jones and Shirley Hazzard, who needed more than a decade to complete their current novels, are among this year's nominees.	1
Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones, both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels, are among this year's nominees.	Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones are among the nominees. Both of them needed more than a decade to complete their current novels, are among these this year's nominees.	1
Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones, both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels, are among this year's nominees.	Both Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones, who both required more than a decade to complete their current novels, are among this year's nominees.	1
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.	United States troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath supporters.	1
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.	US troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.	1
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.	United States troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.	1
U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep near Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters.	In Tikrit, Saddam Hussein's hometown and the center of a region of Baath Party supporters, U.S. troops encountered no resistance during the five-hour sweep.	1
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned June 25 in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot.	On June 25, his 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot.	1
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned June 25 in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot.	His '96 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned on June 25 in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot.	1
The agency charged that one WD Energy worker discussed false reporting with traders at two other energy companies.	Agency charged that one WD Energy worker discussed false reporting with traders at two other energy companies.	1
The agency charged that one WD Energy worker discussed false reporting with traders at two other energy companies.	The agency charged that WD Energy worker discussed false reporting with traders at two other energy companies.	1
The agency charged that one WD Energy worker discussed false reporting with traders at two other energy companies.	WD Energy is charged that one employee discussed false reporting with traders at two other energy companies.	1
"These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate," Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.	'These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate' Bush said. "The United States will find the killers."	1
"These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate," Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.	According to Bush, "these despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate," adding that the United States will find the killers.	1
"These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate," Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.	'These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate,' Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.	1
"These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate," Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.	"These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hatred," Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.	1
"These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate," Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.	Bush said that "These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hatred". He added that the United States will find the killers.	1
A second bomb, evidently carried by the other woman, did not explode; the authorities detonated the explosives later.	Second bomb, apparently carried by the other woman, did not explode, the authorities detonated the explosives later.	1
A second bomb, evidently carried by the other woman, did not explode; the authorities detonated the explosives later.	The second bomb, evidently carried by the other woman, did not explode; the authorities detonated the explosives later.	1
A second bomb, evidently carried by the other woman, did not explode; the authorities detonated the explosives later.	Another bomb, evidently carried by the other woman, did not explode; the authorities detonated the explosives later.	1
AN artist has infuriated New Yorkers by painting a sign reading "CAUTION Low Flying Planes" on a building near Ground Zero.	An artist has infuriated New Yorkers by painting a sign near Ground Zero saying "CAUTION Low Flying Planes" on a building near Ground Zero.	1
"During the investigation, Bryant was cooperative with investigators and remains cooperative with authorities," the sheriff's office said.	"During the investigation, Bryant was cooperative with investigators and continues to be cooperative with authorities, the sheriff's office said.	1
The National Association of Purchasing Management-Chicago's factory index increased to 58.9 from 55.9 in July.	National Association of Purchasing Management-Chicago's factory index increased to 58.9 from 55.9 in July.	1
Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts.	Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but then had second thoughts.	1
Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts.	Adrian Lamo, 22, told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but had second thoughts.	1
Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts.	Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but had second thoughts.	1
Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts.	Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to FBI in Sacramento Friday, but had second thoughts.	1
Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts.	Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he had second thoughts.	1
Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts.	Adrian Lamo, 22, told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts.	1
Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts.	Adrian Lamo, 22, told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he had second thoughts.	1
Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts.	Adrian Lamo, 22, told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento on Friday, but he had second thoughts.	1
Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.	Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper briefly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.	1
Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.	Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper, slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.	1
Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.	Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper, a slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.	1
For the second year in a row, rises in hospital costs accounted for much of the inflation, accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost increase.	For the second year in a row, increases in hospital costs accounted for much of the inflation, accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost increase.	1
For the second year in a row, rises in hospital costs accounted for much of the inflation, accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost increase.	For the second year in a row, rising hospital costs accounted for much of the inflation, accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost increase.	1
For the second year in a row, rises in hospital costs accounted for much of the inflation, accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost increase.	In addition to rising hospital costs, for the second year in a row, rises in hospital costs accounted for much of the inflation, accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost increase.	1
"While many good people work in the telemarketing industry," Bush said in prepared remarks, "the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions.	"While many good people work in the telemarketing industry," Bush said in prepared remarks, "the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions."	1
"While many good people work in the telemarketing industry," Bush said in prepared remarks, "the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions.	While many good people work in the telemarketing industry," Bush said in prepared remarks, "the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls and unwanted intrusions."	1
"While many good people work in the telemarketing industry," Bush said in prepared remarks, "the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions.	"While many good people work in the telemarketing industry," Bush said in prepared remarks. "The public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions.	1
"While many good people work in the telemarketing industry," Bush said in prepared remarks, "the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions.	While many good people work in the telemarketing industry, Bush said in prepared remarks, "the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions.	1
"While many good people work in the telemarketing industry," Bush said in prepared remarks, "the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions.	"While many good people work in the telemarketing industry," Bush said in prepared remarks, "the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls and unwanted intrusions.	1
"While many good people work in the telemarketing industry," Bush said in prepared remarks, "the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions.	While many good people work in the telemarketing industry, Bush said in prepared remarks, "the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions."	1
"While many good people work in the telemarketing industry," Bush said in prepared remarks, "the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions.	In a prepared speech, Bush said, "While many good people work in the telemarketing industry, the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions."	1
"While many good people work in the telemarketing industry," Bush said in prepared remarks, "the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions.	Bush: "While many good people work in the telemarketing industry," Bush said in prepared remarks, "the public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions."	1
Q: Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away?	Q: Can I buy prescription drug coverage right away?	1
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.	General Jeffrey will donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office in Yarralumla.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC climbed 40.09 points, or 2.46 percent, to 1,666.58, based on the latest data, and marking its highest close since May 23, 2002.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC climbed 40.09 points, or 2.46 percent, to 1,666.58, based on the latest data. It marked its highest close since May 23, 2002.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC climbed 40.09 points, or 2.46 percent, to 1,666.58, based on the latest data, and marking its highest close since May 23, 2002.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC climbed 40.09 points, or 2.46 percent, to 1,666.58, based on the latest data, and marking its highest close since May 23, 2002.	1
Quattrone's action, prosecutors argue, amounted to criminal obstruction of justice.	Prosecutors say Quattrone's actions resulted in the obstruction of justice.	1
SEA 05D is the Naval Sea Systems Command’s technical authority for surface ship design and engineering.	SEA 05D is the Naval Sea Systems Command's technical authority for surface ship design and engineering.	1
SEA 05D is the Naval Sea Systems Command’s technical authority for surface ship design and engineering.	Navy SEA 05D is the Naval Sea Systems Command’s technical authority for surface ship design and engineering.	1
SEA 05D is the Naval Sea Systems Command’s technical authority for surface ship design and engineering.	Naval Sea Systems Command SEA 05D is the technical authority for surface ship design and engineering.	1
The airline also said it has the option to buy 380 more airplanes, orders that would be split evenly between the two manufacturers.	The airline said it has the option to buy 380 more airplanes, orders that would be split evenly between the two manufacturers.	1
The airline also said it has the option to buy 380 more airplanes, orders that would be split evenly between the two manufacturers.	On the other hand, the airline said it has the option to buy 380 more airplanes, orders that would be split evenly between the two manufacturers.	1
The diocese reached a settlement in 2001 involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs for an undisclosed sum.	In 2001, the diocese reached a settlement involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs for an undisclosed sum.	1
The diocese reached a settlement in 2001 involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs for an undisclosed sum.	In 2001, the diocese reached a settlement involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs for an undisclosed amount.	1
The diocese reached a settlement in 2001 involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs for an undisclosed sum.	The diocese reached a settlement in 2001 involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs for an undisclosed amount.	1
But Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they are ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accept a deal.	Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they are ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accept a deal.	1
But Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they are ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accept a deal.	However Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they are ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accept a deal.	1
But Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they are ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accept a deal.	Mr. Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks, if they are ever allowed to meet or speak, may well be that he accept a deal.	1
But Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they are ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accept a deal.	Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accepts a deal.	1
But Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they are ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accept a deal.	So Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they are ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accept a deal.	1
But Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they are ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accept a deal.	Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they are ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accepts a deal.	1
But Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they are ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accept a deal.	And Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they are ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accept a deal.	1
Mr Kenny and the Hicks family's American lawyer, Michael Ratner, are trying to get access to Mr Hicks before he faces a planned military tribunal.	M. Kenny and the Hicks family's American lawyer, Michael Ratner, are trying to get access to Mr Hicks before he faces a planned military tribunal.	1
The two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually, immigration officials said.	The two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigrants benefits applications received annually, immigration officials said.	1
The two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually, immigration officials said.	These two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually, immigration officials said.	1
The two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually, immigration officials said.	The two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits application received annually, immigration officials said.	1
The two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually, immigration officials said.	Two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually, immigration officials said.	1
The two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually, immigration officials said.	Immigration officials say that the two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually.	1
The two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually, immigration officials said.	Which two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually, immigration officials said.	1
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.	The unions staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.	1
FBI spokesman Steve Lazarus did not immediately return a phone call for comment on Friday.	FBI spokesman Steve Lazarus declined to return phone calls for comment on Friday.	1
FBI spokesman Steve Lazarus did not immediately return a phone call for comment on Friday.	The FBI spokesman Steve Lazarus did not immediately return a phone call for comment on Friday.	1
Wyles previous feature credits include White Oleander, Enough and Donnie Darko.	Wyles previous movies include White Oleander, Enough and Donnie Darko.	1
Wyles previous feature credits include White Oleander, Enough and Donnie Darko.	Wyles past film credits include White Oleander, Enough and Donnie Darko.	1
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.	Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.	1
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.	Treasury long term plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.	1
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.	The Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.	1
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.	Treasury long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.	1
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.	Treasury Long-range Plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.	1
White House officials say Iran has one last chance to comply with IAEA inspection demands.	White House officials say Iran has one last chance to comply with IAEA's inspection demands.	1
White House officials say Iran has one last chance to comply with IAEA inspection demands.	White House officials say Iran has one last opportunity to comply with IAEA inspection demands.	1
After he was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney, Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as his spiritual adviser spoke to him.	After being led to the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney, Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as his spiritual adviser spoke to him.	1
After he was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney, Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as his spiritual adviser spoke to him.	After being led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney, Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as his spiritual adviser spoke to him.	1
After he was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney, Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as his spiritual adviser spoke to him.	After he was led to the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney, Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as his spiritual adviser spoke to him.	1
After he was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney, Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as his spiritual adviser spoke to him.	After Swisher was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney, Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as his spiritual adviser spoke to him.	1
After he was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney, Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as his spiritual adviser spoke to him.	When Swisher was finally led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney, he raised his head and appeared to smile as his spiritual adviser spoke to him.	1
Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as immigration officials attempt to determine his status, the Coast Guard said.	Parrado remained in a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as immigration officials attempt to determine his status, the Coast Guard said.	1
Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as immigration officials attempt to determine his status, the Coast Guard said.	The Coast Guard said Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as immigration officials attempt to determine his status, the Coast Guard said.	1
A month ago, the Commerce Department said GDP grew at a 7.2 percent rate.	A month ago the Commerce Department said GDP grew at a 7.2 percent rate.	1
A month ago, the Commerce Department said GDP grew at a 7.2 percent rate.	Commerce Department said a month ago that GDP grew at a 7.2 percent rate.	1
A month ago, the Commerce Department said GDP grew at a 7.2 percent rate.	Commerce Department said GDP grew at a 7.2 percent rate a month ago.	1
Boeing shares fell nearly 4 percent to $27.54 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trade, while Lockheed slipped 1.6 percent to $49.42.	Boeing shares dropped nearly 4 percent to $27.54 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trade, while Lockheed shares fell 1.6 percent to $49.42.	1
Boeing shares fell nearly 4 percent to $27.54 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trade, while Lockheed slipped 1.6 percent to $49.42.	Boeing shares fell nearly 4 percent to $27.54 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading, while Lockheed stocks fell 1.6 percent to $49.42.	1
Boeing shares fell nearly 4 percent to $27.54 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trade, while Lockheed slipped 1.6 percent to $49.42.	Boeing shares fell nearly 4 percent to $27.54 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading, while Lockheed slipped 1.6 percent to $49.42.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC> was up 7.42 points, or 0.45 percent, at 1,653.44.	1
Jakarta has boosted the number of troops and police in the resource-rich province in recent weeks from 38,000 to more than 45,000.	In recent weeks, Jakarta has boosted the number of troops and police in the resource-rich province from 38,000 to more than 45,000.	1
Jakarta has boosted the number of troops and police in the resource-rich province in recent weeks from 38,000 to more than 45,000.	Jakarta has boosted the number of troops and police in the resource-rich province in recent weeks from 38,000 to 45,000.	1
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.	Five alternate jurors were also selected, with the final one set to be chosen Friday morning from the panel.	1
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.	Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be chosen Friday morning from the panel.	1
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.	Five alternate jurors were also chosen from the panel; the final one set to be selected Friday morning.	1
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.	Five alternate jurors were also selected, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.	1
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.	Five alternate jurors were selected, with the final one set to be chosen on Friday morning from the panel.	1
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.	Five alternate jurors were also selected, with a final one set to be chosen Friday morning from the panel.	1
Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be selected Friday morning from the panel.	Five alternate jurors were also chosen, with a final one set to be chosen on Friday morning from the panel.	1
In interviews with engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA's engineers and managers are evident.	In interviews with engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA engineers and managers are evident.	1
In interviews with engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA's engineers and managers are evident.	In interviews with NASA engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA's engineers and managers are evident.	1
In interviews with engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA's engineers and managers are evident.	In interview with engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA's engineers and managers are evident.	1
In interviews with engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA's engineers and managers are evident.	In interviews with NASA engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA engineers and managers are evident.	1
In interviews with engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA's engineers and managers are evident.	In interviews with engineers, most of whom haven't spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA engineers and managers are evident.	1
In interviews with engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA's engineers and managers are evident.	In interview with NASA engineers, most of whom have not spoken publicly until now, the lines of discord between NASA's engineers and managers are evident.	1
A suburban Chicago man was arrested Wednesday on charges of secretly gathering information on Iraqi opposition figures as an unregistered agent of Saddam Hussein's intelligence service.	A suburban Chicago man was arrested Wednesday on charges of secretly collecting information on Iraqi opposition figures as an unregistered agent of Saddam Hussein's intelligence service.	1
A suburban Chicago man was arrested Wednesday on charges of secretly gathering information on Iraqi opposition figures as an unregistered agent of Saddam Hussein's intelligence service.	A suburban Chicago man was arrested Wednesday on charges of secretly gathering information about Iraqi opposition figures as an unregistered agent of Saddam Hussein's intelligence service.	1
A suburban Chicago man was arrested Wednesday on charges of secretly gathering information on Iraqi opposition figures as an unregistered agent of Saddam Hussein's intelligence service.	A suburban Chicago man was arrested on Wednesday on charges of secretly gathering information on Iraqi opposition figures as an unregistered agent of Saddam Hussein's intelligence service.	1
The contractors convicted last month, Brian Rose, 36, and Joseph Quattrone, 35, are to be sentenced in January.	The contractors convicted last month, Brian Rose, 36, and Joseph Quattrone, 35, will be sentenced in January.	1
The contractors convicted last month, Brian Rose, 36, and Joseph Quattrone, 35, are to be sentenced in January.	And the contractors convicted last month, Brian Rose, 36, and Joseph Quattrone, 35, are to be sentenced in January.	1
"The board did so and accepted that resignation," said McCall, who chaired the meeting.	The board did so and accepted that resignation," said McCall, who chaired the meeting.	1
"The board did so and accepted that resignation," said McCall, who chaired the meeting.	The board accepted the resignation, said McCall, who chaired the meeting.	1
"The board did so and accepted that resignation," said McCall, who chaired the meeting.	"The Board accepted the resignation," said McCall, who chairs the meeting.	1
"The board did so and accepted that resignation," said McCall, who chaired the meeting.	"The board accepted this resignation," said McCall, who chaired the meeting.	1
"The board did so and accepted that resignation," said McCall, who chaired the meeting.	"The board accepted that resignation," said McCall, who chaired the meeting.	1
"The board did so and accepted that resignation," said McCall, who chaired the meeting.	"The Board accepted that resignation," said McCall, who chaired the meeting.	1
"The board did so and accepted that resignation," said McCall, who chaired the meeting.	The board accepted that resignation," said McCall, who chaired the meeting.	1
"The board did so and accepted that resignation," said McCall, who chaired the meeting.	The Board did so and accepted that resignation," said McCall, who chaired the meeting.	1
"He died doing something he loved," William Dusenbery, Sr., who lives in Fairview Heights, just outside St. Louis, Mo.	"He died doing something he loved," William Dusenbery, Sr., who lives in Fairview Heights, just outside St. Louis, Mo., said.	1
"He died doing something he loved," William Dusenbery, Sr., who lives in Fairview Heights, just outside St. Louis, Mo.	He died doing something he loved, says William Dusenbery, Sr., who lives in Fairview Heights, just outside St. Louis, Mo.	1
"He died doing something he loved," William Dusenbery, Sr., who lives in Fairview Heights, just outside St. Louis, Mo.	"He died doing something he loved," William Dusenbery, Sr., who lives in Fairview Heights, just outside St. Louis, Mo., says.	1
"He died doing something he loved," William Dusenbery, Sr., who lives in Fairview Heights, just outside St. Louis, Mo.	He died doing something he loved," William Dusenbery, Sr., who lives in Fairview Heights, just outside St. Louis, Mo.	1
The answer is clearly yes," said Dr. Larry Norton, deputy physician-in- chief for breast cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.	The answer is clarifies yes," said Dr. Larry Norton, deputy physician-in- chief for breast cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.	1
The answer is clearly yes," said Dr. Larry Norton, deputy physician-in- chief for breast cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.	"The answer is clearly yes," said Dr. Larry Norton, deputy physician-in- chief for breast cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.	1
The answer is clearly yes," said Dr. Larry Norton, deputy physician-in- chief for breast cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.	I think the answer is yes," said Dr. Larry Norton, deputy physician-in chief for breast cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.	1
Dr Mark McClean, Jonathan's family doctor, said if the drug had been administered earlier Jonathan would have retained more of his brain functions.	Dr Mark McClean, Jonathan’s family doctor, said if the drug had been administered earlier Jonathan would have retained more of his brain functions.	1
Dr Mark McClean, Jonathan's family doctor, said if the drug had been administered earlier Jonathan would have retained more of his brain functions.	Dr Mark McClean, Jonathan's family doctor, said if Jonathan had been given the drug earlier, he would have retained more of his brain functions.	1
Dr Mark McClean, Jonathan's family doctor, said if the drug had been administered earlier Jonathan would have retained more of his brain functions.	If the drug had been administered earlier Jonathan would have retained more of his brain functions. Dr Mark McClean, Jonathan's family doctor, said if the drug had been administered earlier Jonathan would have retained more of his brain functions.	1
Dr Mark McClean, Jonathan's family doctor, said if the drug had been administered earlier Jonathan would have retained more of his brain functions.	Dr Mark McClean, Jonathan's family doctor, said if Jonathan's drug had been administered earlier Jonathan would have retained more of his brain functions.	1
This change in attitude gave upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus, the parent of Bergdorf Goodman; and Nordstrom strong sales gains in May.	Change in attitude gives upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus, the parent of Bergdorf Goodman; and Nordstrom strong sales gains in May.	1
President Vlad imir Putin threw his weight behind Russia’s main pro-Kremlin political party for the first time last week, ahead of parliamentary elections.	Vladimir Putin threw his weight behind Russia’s main pro-Kremlin party for the first time last week, ahead of parliamentary elections.	1
President Vlad imir Putin threw his weight behind Russia’s main pro-Kremlin political party for the first time last week, ahead of parliamentary elections.	Vlad imir Putin put his weight behind Russia’s main pro-Kremlin political party for the first time last week, ahead of the parliamentary elections.	1
President Vlad imir Putin threw his weight behind Russia’s main pro-Kremlin political party for the first time last week, ahead of parliamentary elections.	Vladimir Putin threw his weight behind Russia’s main pro-Kremlin political party for the first time last week, ahead of parliamentary elections.	1
President Vlad imir Putin threw his weight behind Russia’s main pro-Kremlin political party for the first time last week, ahead of parliamentary elections.	Vladimir Putin threw his weight behind Russia's main pro-Kremlin party for the first time last week, ahead of parliamentary elections.	1
Passengers would be given a refund and voucher for another trip, she said.	She said that passengers would be given a refund and a voucher for a second trip.	1
A monthlong grace period in New York City ended May 1, and now bars and restaurants that allow people to puff can face hefty fines.	A monthlong grace period in New York City ended May 1 and now bars and restaurants that allow people to puff can face hefty fines.	1
A monthlong grace period in New York City ended May 1, and now bars and restaurants that allow people to puff can face hefty fines.	In New York City, a monthlong grace period ended May 1, and now bars and restaurants that allow people to puff can face hefty fines.	1
First, it's found in most versions of Windows, including the new Windows Server 2003.	In the operating system Windows, this is known as Windows Server 2003. First, it's found in most versions of Windows, including the new Windows Server 2003.	1
First, it's found in most versions of Windows, including the new Windows Server 2003.	It's found in most versions of Windows, including the new Windows Server 2003.	1
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.	No American was reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.	1
No Americans were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.	No American were reported among the casualties, according to Capt. Michael Calvert, a spokesman for the regiment.	1
Suspected rebels also blew up an oil pipeline in north-east Colombia.	In North-East Colombia, Suspected rebels also blew up an oil pipeline.	1
The capsule landed on its side and drifted about 12 metres, probably dragged by the main parachute.	The capsule landed on its side and drifted about 12 metres, likely dragged by the main parachute.	1
The capsule landed on its side and drifted about 12 metres, probably dragged by the main parachute.	So the capsule landed on its side and drifted about 12 metres, probably dragged by the main parachute.	1
The capsule landed on its side and drifted about 12 metres, probably dragged by the main parachute.	On its side, the capsule landed on its side and drifted about 12 metres, probably dragged by the main parachute.	1
The chain operates more than 3,400 stores, and has annual revenue of about $15.8 billion.	The chain operates over 3,400 stores, and has annual revenue of about $15.8 billion.	1
The chain operates more than 3,400 stores, and has annual revenue of about $15.8 billion.	The company operates more than 3,400 stores, and has annual revenue of about $15.8 billion.	1
The chain operates more than 3,400 stores, and has annual revenue of about $15.8 billion.	This chain operates more than 3,400 stores, and has annual revenue of about $15.8 billion.	1
The chain operates more than 3,400 stores, and has annual revenue of about $15.8 billion.	With more than 3,400 stores, the chain has a revenue of $15.8 billion.	1
The chain operates more than 3,400 stores, and has annual revenue of about $15.8 billion.	The company has more than 3,400 stores, and annual revenue of about $15.8 billion.	1
The chain operates more than 3,400 stores, and has annual revenue of about $15.8 billion.	In total, the chain operates more than 3,400 stores, and has annual revenue of about $15.8 billion.	1
Frank Partnoy, a securities law professor at the University of San Diego, said the case suggested that Merrill's oversight and control of its executives were inadequate.	Frank Partnoy, a securities law professor at the University of San Diego, said the case suggested Merrill's oversight and control of its executives were inadequate.	1
All patients developed some or all of the symptoms of E. coli food poisoning: bloody diarrhea, vomiting, abdominal cramping and nausea.	All of the patients developed some or all of the symptoms of E. coli food poisoning: bloody diarrhea, vomiting, abdominal cramping and nausea.	1
All patients developed some or all of the symptoms of E. coli food poisoning: bloody diarrhea, vomiting, abdominal cramping and nausea.	All patients developed a certain or all of the symptoms of E. coli food poisoning: bloody diarrhea, vomiting, abdominal cramping and nausea.	1
All patients developed some or all of the symptoms of E. coli food poisoning: bloody diarrhea, vomiting, abdominal cramping and nausea.	All patients developed symptoms of E. coli food poisoning: bloody diarrhea, vomiting, abdominal cramping and nausea.	1
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	Her parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	1
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	She says her parents want her to stay alive, while her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	1
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	Her parents want her kept alive, her husband says she never wants to be kept alive artificially.	1
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	Her parents want her kept alive, but her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	1
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	Parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	1
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	Parents want her kept alive, but her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	1
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	If her parents want her to be kept alive, her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	1
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	If her parents want her kept alive, her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	1
The parents want her kept alive; her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	The parents want her kept alive, her husband says she never wanted to be kept alive artificially.	1
Federal regulators have turned from sour to sweet on a proposed $2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings Inc. and Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream Inc.	Federal regulators turn from sour to sweet on the proposed $2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings Inc. and Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream Inc.	1
Federal regulators have turned from sour to sweet on a proposed $2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings Inc. and Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream Inc.	Federal regulators have turned from sour to sweet on the proposed $2.8 billion merger of ice cream giants Nestle Holdings Inc. and Dreyer's Grand Ice Cream Inc.	1
While robbery appeared to be the motive, the suspects drove off before taking anything.	While robbery was the motive, the suspects drove off before taking anything.	1
However, Hayes, the CDC official, said there are many complicated interactions in play.	But Hayes, the CDC official, said there are many complicated interactions in play.	1
However, Hayes, the CDC official, said there are many complicated interactions in play.	While there are many complex interactions in play, Hayes, the CDC official, said there are many complicated interactions in play.	1
Microsoft, which acquired Virtual PC from Connectix in February, said a fix for the problem is not around the corner.	Microsoft, which acquired Virtual PC from Connectix in February, said a fix for the problem isn't around the corner.	1
Microsoft, which acquired Virtual PC from Connectix in February, said a fix for the problem is not around the corner.	Microsoft, which acquired Virtual PC from Connectix in February, said a fix for the issue is not around the corner.	1
Microsoft, which acquired Virtual PC from Connectix in February, said a fix for the problem is not around the corner.	Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from Connectix in February. It said a fix for the problem is not around the corner.	1
Environmental campaigners are using this weekend’s lunar eclipse to highlight the huge increase in light pollution across the UK.	Environmentalists are using this weekend’s lunar eclipse to highlight the huge increase in light pollution across the UK.	1
Environmental campaigners are using this weekend’s lunar eclipse to highlight the huge increase in light pollution across the UK.	Environmental groups are using this weekend’s lunar eclipse to highlight the huge increase in light pollution across the UK.	1
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."	Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical".	1
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."	Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical"	1
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."	Mr. Bankhead said the crime scene indicated that the killer was "very methodical."	1
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."	Mr. Bankhead said the crime scene indicated that the killer was very methodical.	1
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."	Mr. Bankhead said the crime scene indicated that the killer was "very methodical".	1
Mr. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."	M. Bankhead said the crime scenes indicated that the killer was "very methodical."	1
ISC and NASCAR officials declined to comment.	NASCAR and ISC refused to comment on the matter.	1
ISC and NASCAR officials declined to comment.	NASCAR and ISC officials declined to comment.	1
A tradition of Labor Day racing was established long ago in the Inland Empire.	Long ago in the Inland Empire, there was a tradition of labor day racing.	1
A tradition of Labor Day racing was established long ago in the Inland Empire.	In the Inland Empire, a tradition of labor day racing was established long ago.	1
In his female disguise, the real estate heir used the name Dorothy Ciner, a childhood friend.	In his disguise as a real estate heir, the real estate heir used the name Dorothy Ciner, a childhood friend.	1
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.	Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have led to a new sentencing hearing.	1
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.	Last week, Warner’s lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have led to a new sentencing hearing.	1
Last week, his lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have lead to a new sentencing hearing.	Last week, Warner's lawyers asked Warner to grant clemency under conditions that would have led to a new sentencing hearing.	1
"We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures.	"We have incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures. "	1
"We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures.	We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures."	1
"We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures.	"We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing] new instruction set architectures. "	1
"We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures.	I have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing] new instruction set architectures.	1
"We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures.	'We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures.'	1
"We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures.	We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures.	1
Defense attorneys said Durst accidentally shot Black in the face as they struggled for a gun after the elderly man illegally entered his apartment.	The defense attorneys say Durst accidentally shot Black in the face as they struggled for a gun after the elderly man illegally entered his apartment.	1
Defense attorneys said Durst accidentally shot Black in the face as they struggled for a gun after the elderly man illegally entered his apartment.	The defense lawyers said Durst accidentally shot Black in the face while they struggled for a gun after the elderly man illegally entered his apartment.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index rose 4.64 points, or 0.27 percent, to 1,735.34, according to the latest available data.	The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index rose 4.64 points, or 0.27 percent, to 1,735.34, according to the latest available data.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index rose 4.64 points, or 0.27 percent, to 1,735.34, according to the latest available data.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index rose 464 points, or 0.27 percent, to 1,735.34, according to the latest available data.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index rose 4.64 points, or 0.27 percent, to 1,735.34, according to the latest available data.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index rose 4.64 points, or 0.27 percent, to 1,735.34 according to the latest available data.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index rose 4.64 points, or 0.27 percent, to 1,735.34, according to the latest available data.	According to the latest data, the Nasdaq Composite Index rose 0.27 percent to 1,735.34. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index rose 4.64 points, or 0.27 percent, to 1,735.34.	1
The condition is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.	This disease is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.	1
The condition is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.	The condition is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputation.	1
Available July 7, the software supports the Solaris, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows operating systems.	Coming July 7, the software supports the Solaris, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows operating systems.	1
Available July 7, the software supports the Solaris, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows operating systems.	Available in July 7, the software supports the Solaris, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows operating systems.	1
Available July 7, the software supports the Solaris, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows operating systems.	Available July 7 the software supports the Solaris, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows operating systems.	1
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Powell said.	"The United States welcomes the NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Powell said.	1
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Powell said.	"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization", Powell said.	1
Since March 11, when the market's major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the Nasdaq has barreled back 21.2 percent.	Since March 11, when the market's major indexes were at their lowest level since hitting multi-year lows in October, the Nasdaq has barreled 21.2 percent.	1
Since March 11, when the market's major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the Nasdaq has barreled back 21.2 percent.	Since March 11, when the market's major indexes were at their lowest level since hitting multi-year lows in October, the Nasdaq has barreled back 21.2 percent.	1
Since March 11, when the market's major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the Nasdaq has barreled back 21.2 percent.	Since March 11, the market's major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the Nasdaq has barreled back 21.2 percent.	1
Since March 11, when the market's major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the Nasdaq has barreled back 21.2 percent.	Since March 11, when the market's major indexes were at their lowest level since hitting multi-year lows in October, the Nasdaq has barreled 21.2 percent back.	1
Since March 11, when the market's major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the Nasdaq has barreled back 21.2 percent.	Since March 11, when the market's major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the Nasdaq has barreled 21.2 percent back.	1
Since March 11, when the market's major indexes were at their lowest levels since hitting multi-year lows in October, the Nasdaq has barreled back 21.2 percent.	The Nasdaq has barreled back 21.2 percent since March 11, when the market's major indexes were at their lowest level since hitting multi-year lows in October.	1
In September, a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a laboratory.	In September, a 27-year-old Singapore researcher contracted SARS while working in a lab.	1
In March 2002, 63 percent of home broadband users connected via cable modem; 34 percent used a DSL service.	In March 2002, 63 percent of home broadband users connected via cable modem; 34 percent used DSL services.	1
In March 2002, 63 percent of home broadband users connected via cable modem; 34 percent used a DSL service.	In March 2002, 63 percent of home broadband users connected via cable modems; 34 percent used a DSL service.	1
In March 2002, 63 percent of home broadband users connected via cable modem; 34 percent used a DSL service.	In March 2002, 63 percent of home broadband users connected via cable modem; 34 percent used DSL service.	1
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use.	In their words, justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use.	1
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use.	Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use.	1
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use.	Liberal Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use.	1
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use.	Liberal justice minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use.	1
Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use.	Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use. Justice Minister Martin Cauchon and Prime Minister Jean Chrétien have both said the Liberal government will introduce legislation soon to decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot for personal use.	1
Eustachy acknowledged at a news conference Wednesday that he was an alcoholic and was seeking treatment.	Michael Eustachy admitted at a news conference Wednesday that he was an alcoholic and was seeking treatment.	1
Eustachy acknowledged at a news conference Wednesday that he was an alcoholic and was seeking treatment.	Eustachy admitted at a news conference Wednesday that he was an alcoholic and was seeking treatment.	1
Seven of the nine Democratic presidential candidates were also scheduled to address the forum.	7 of the nine Democratic presidential candidates were also scheduled to address the forum.	1
Seven of the nine Democratic presidential candidates were also scheduled to address the forum.	During the Forum, seven of the nine Democratic presidential candidates were also scheduled to address the audience.	1
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.	Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the votes, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent of the votes.	1
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.	Miodrag Zivkovic of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent of the vote.	1
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.	Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent of the vote.	1
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.	Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the votes, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.	1
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.	Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the votes, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent of the vote.	1
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent.	In Montenegro, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got 4 percent of the vote.	1
But Chauncey Billups demonstrated he's also capable of big games, scoring 77 points over the final two games against the Magic.	But Chauncey Billups showed he can also play big games, scoring 77 points over the final two games against the Magic.	1
But Chauncey Billups demonstrated he's also capable of big games, scoring 77 points over the final two games against the Magic.	But Chauncey Billups proved he's also capable of big games, scoring 77 points over the final two games against the Magic.	1
But Chauncey Billups demonstrated he's also capable of big games, scoring 77 points over the final two games against the Magic.	But Chauncey Billups showed he's capable of big games, scoring 77 points over the final two games against the Magic.	1
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.	Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing individuals for presence of the short or long version of the gene will be pursued.	1
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.	Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.	1
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.	Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short version of the gene will be pursued.	1
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.	In general, Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.	1
Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing of individuals for presence of the long or short versions of the gene will be pursued.	Moffitt said the results need to be replicated in another study before testing individuals for presence of the long or short version of the gene will be pursued.	1
The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.	The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened today, according to Sky News Indonesia.	1
The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.	The first trial of the suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened today in Indonesia, Sky News reported.	1
The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, Sky News reported.	The first trial of a suspect in last year's Bali nightclub bombings that killed more than 200 people opened in Indonesia today, according to Sky News.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was down 63.09 points, or 0.68 percent, at 9,270.70.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average.DJI was down 63.09 points, or 0.68 percent, at 9,270.70.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was down 63.09 points, or 0.68 percent, at 9,270.70.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average.DJI was down 63.09 points, or 0.68 percent, at 9,271.70.	1
If convicted, Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said.	If Ciobanu is convicted, he could face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said.	1
If convicted, Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said.	If Ciobanu is found guilty of cybercrime, he could face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said.	1
If convicted, Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said.	If Ciobanu is found guilty of cyber crime, could face up to 15 years in prison, based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said.	1
If convicted, Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said.	If Ciobanu is convicted, he could face up to 15 years in prison. It is based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said.	1
Shaklee spokeswoman Jenifer Thompson said the company is continuing to work with authorities.	Shaklee spokesperson Jenifer Thompson said the company is continuing to work with authorities.	1
Shaklee spokeswoman Jenifer Thompson said the company is continuing to work with authorities.	Shaklee spokesman Jenifer Thompson said the company is continuing to work with authorities.	1
At the Pentagon, the Department of Defense's Inspector General has separately been asked to investigate how the telecom licences were awarded.	In the Pentagon, the Department of Defense's Inspector General has separately been asked to investigate how the telecom licenses were awarded.	1
At the Pentagon, the Department of Defense's Inspector General has separately been asked to investigate how the telecom licences were awarded.	On the Pentagon, the Department of Defense's Inspector General has separately been asked to investigate how the telecom licences were awarded.	1
At the Pentagon, the Department of Defense's Inspector General has separately been asked to investigate how the telecom licences were awarded.	At the Pentagon, the Department of Defense's Inspector General has been separately asked to investigate how the telecom licences were awarded.	1
At the Pentagon, the Department of Defense's Inspector General has separately been asked to investigate how the telecom licences were awarded.	In the Pentagon, the Department of Defense's Inspector General has separately been asked to investigate how the telecom licences were awarded.	1
Police believe someone strangled her and she may have been sexually assaulted.	Police say someone strangled her and she may have been sexually assaulted.	1
"Accordingly, there needs to be more on the horizon than simply winning a war against terrorism.	"There needs to be more on the horizon than simply winning a war against terrorism.	1
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.	Shares of PG&E Corp. were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.	1
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.	PG&E shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.	1
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.	PG&E shares are up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.	1
PG&E Corp. shares were up 39 cents or 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.	PG&E Corp. shares were up 2.6 percent at $15.59 on the New York Stock Exchange on Tuesday.	1
Kelly killed himself after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government had embellished evidence of Iraq's banned weapons to justify the war.	Kelly killed himself after being exposed as the source of a BBC report which claimed the government had embellished evidence of Iraq's banned weapons to justify the war.	1
Kelly killed himself after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government had embellished evidence of Iraq's banned weapons to justify the war.	Kelly died of an apparent suicide after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government had embellished evidence of Iraq's banned weapons to justify the war.	1
Kelly killed himself after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government had embellished evidence of Iraq's banned weapons to justify the war.	John Kelly killed himself after being exposed as the source of a BBC report which claimed the government had embellished evidence of Iraq's banned weapons to justify the war.	1
Kelly killed himself after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government had embellished evidence of Iraq's banned weapons to justify the war.	Kelly took his own life after being exposed as the source of a BBC report which claimed the government had embellished evidence of Iraq's banned weapons to justify the war.	1
Kelly killed himself after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government had embellished evidence of Iraq's banned weapons to justify the war.	After being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government had embellished evidence of Iraq's banned weapons to justify the war, Kelly died himself.	1
Kelly killed himself after being exposed as the source for a BBC report which claimed the government had embellished evidence of Iraq's banned weapons to justify the war.	After being exposed as the source of a BBC report which claimed the government had embellished evidence of Iraq's banned weapons to justify the war, Kelly killed himself.	1
But when no justice announced a retirement when the court's term ended in June, it was seen as making those efforts moot.	When no justice announced retirement when the court's term ended in June, it was seen as making those efforts moot.	1
But when no justice announced a retirement when the court's term ended in June, it was seen as making those efforts moot.	When no justice announced retirement after the court's term ended in June, it was seen as making those efforts moot.	1
But when no justice announced a retirement when the court's term ended in June, it was seen as making those efforts moot.	When no justice announced a retirement when the court's term ended in June, it was seen as making those efforts moot.	1
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.	No military intervention nor huge-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.	1
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.	Nor military action nor large-scale bribery will solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.	1
Neither military action nor large-scale bribery can solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.	No military action or large-scale bribery will solve the North Korean problem, Wolfowitz said.	1
Californias rate was 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August and also down from the 6.7 percent posted in September 2002.	California's rate was 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August and also down from the 6.7 percent posted in September 2002.	1
Californias rate was 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August and also down from the 6.7 percent posted in September 2002.	The California rates were 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August and also down from the 6.7 percent posted in September 2002.	1
Californias rate was 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August and also down from the 6.7 percent posted in September 2002.	The California rate was 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August and also down from the 6.7 percent posted in September 2002.	1
In a statement later, he said it appeared his side had fallen a bit short.	In a statement later, he said his side fell a bit short.	1
In a statement later, he said it appeared his side had fallen a bit short.	In a statement later, he said his side had fallen a bit short.	1
In a statement later, he said it appeared his side had fallen a bit short.	In a statement later on, he said it appeared his side had fallen a bit short.	1
The movie opens this weekend and the companion game has been on sale since late last month.	The film opens this weekend and the companion game has been on sale since late last month.	1
The movie opens this weekend and the companion game has been on sale since late last month.	The movie will release this weekend and the companion game has been on sale since late last month.	1
A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office was not available for comment.	The spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office has not been returned for comment.	1
A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office was not available for comment.	A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office declined to be reached for comment.	1
Shares of Bristol-Myers rose to $28 in electronic trading from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Bristol Myers rose to $28 in electronic trading from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of Bristol-Myers rose to $28 in electronic trading from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Bristol-Myers increased to $28 in electronic trading from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of Bristol-Myers rose to $28 in electronic trading from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Bristol-Myers rose to $28, in electronic trading from $26,90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of Bristol-Myers rose to $28 in electronic trading from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.	In electronic trading, shares of Bristol-Myers rose to $28 from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of Bristol-Myers rose to $28 in electronic trading from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Bristol Myers increased to $28 in electronic trading from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of Bristol-Myers rose to $28 in electronic trading from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.	In electronic trading, shares of Bristol Myers rose to $28, from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of Bristol-Myers rose to $28 in electronic trading from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Bristol-Myers rose to $28, in electronic trading from the $26,90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of Bristol-Myers rose to $28 in electronic trading from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.	Stocks of Bristol-Myers rose to $28 in electronic trading from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of Bristol-Myers rose to $28 in electronic trading from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.	In electronic trading, shares of Bristol Myers rose to $28 from the $26.90 close on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
The Foreign Office says that Heaton is in detention but has not yet been charged with any offence.	Foreign Office says that Heaton is in detention but has not been charged with any offence.	1
The Foreign Office says that Heaton is in detention but has not yet been charged with any offence.	Foreign Office say Heaton is in detention but has not been charged with any offence.	1
The nine states are Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Maine, Nevada, Oregon and Washington.	The states are Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Maine, Nevada, Oregon, Washington.	1
The nine states are Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Maine, Nevada, Oregon and Washington.	These nine states are Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Maine, Nevada, Oregon and Washington.	1
"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.	"We do not use our service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.	1
"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.	"We don't use Service members as guinea pigs," Williams Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.	1
"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.	"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," said William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, at a Pentagon briefing.	1
"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.	"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," said William Winkenwerder, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs, in a Pentagon briefing.	1
"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.	"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," said William Winkenwerder, Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs, at a Pentagon briefing.	1
"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.	"We don't use service members as guinea pigs," says William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, at a Pentagon briefing.	1
"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.	"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, said a Pentagon briefing.	1
"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.	"We don't use soldiers as guinea pigs," said William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, at a Pentagon briefing.	1
"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.	"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," said William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, during a Pentagon briefing.	1
"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.	"We don't use service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, said a Pentagon briefing.	1
"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.	"We don't use service members as guinea pigs," said William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, during a Pentagon briefing.	1
"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.	"We don't use our service members as guinea pigs," said William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, at a Pentagon briefing.	1
"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.	"We don't use service members as guinea pigs," says William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, in a Pentagon briefing.	1
"We do not use service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.	"We don't use service members as guinea pigs," William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs, told a Pentagon briefing.	1
Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters, but taken in only $40 million in donations.	Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters, but took only $40 million in donations.	1
Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters, but taken in only $40 million in donations.	Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters, but only took in $40 million in donations.	1
Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters, but taken in only $40 million in donations.	Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters, but has taken only $40 million in donations.	1
Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters, but taken in only $40 million in donations.	Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters, but taken only $40 million in donations.	1
Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters, but taken in only $40 million in donations.	Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters, but only taken in $40 million in donations.	1
The United States and Britain are seeking backing at the United Nations for their agenda to hand over power to Iraqis.	The United States and Britain are seeking backing in the United Nations for their agenda to hand over power to Iraqis.	1
The United States and Britain are seeking backing at the United Nations for their agenda to hand over power to Iraqis.	United States and Britain are seeking support at the United Nations for their agenda to hand over power to Iraqis.	1
The US version will cost $99 for an individual licence, the same as the existing version.	The US version will cost $99 for an individual license, the same as the existing version.	1
The US version will cost $99 for an individual licence, the same as the existing version.	In the US, the version will cost $99 for an individual license, the same as the existing version.	1
The format must be an open standard that has been formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization, and IP must be licensed under reasonable, non-discriminatory terms.	The format must be an open standard that has been formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization, and the IP must be licensed under reasonable, non-discriminatory terms.	1
In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges "baseless and illogical".	In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad Al Hassan called the charges "baseless and illogical".	1
In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges "baseless and illogical".	In Damascus, Syria's Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges "baseless and illogical".	1
In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges "baseless and illogical".	In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad Al-Hassan called the charges "baseless and illogical."	1
In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges "baseless and illogical".	In Damascus, Syrian information minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the accusations "baseless and illogical".	1
In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges "baseless and illogical".	In Damascus, Syria Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the accusations "baseless and illogical".	1
In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges "baseless and illogical".	In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the accusations "baseless and illogical".	1
In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges "baseless and illogical".	In Damascus, the Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges "baseless and illogical".	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index edged up 1.01 points, or 0.1 percent, at 1,012.67.	The benchmark index of the Standard & Poor's 500 index edged up 1.01 points, or 0.1 percent, at 1,012.67.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index edged up 1.01 points, or 0.1 percent, at 1,012.67.	Standard & Poor's 500 index edged up 1.01 points or 0.1 percent at 1,012.67.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index edged up 1.01 points, or 0.1 percent, at 1,012.67.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index edged up 1.01 points, or 0.1%, at 1,012.67.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index edged up 1.01 points, or 0.1 percent, at 1,012.67.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index edged up 1.01 points, or 0.1 percent, at 1,012.67.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index edged up 1.01 points, or 0.1 percent, at 1,012.67.	Standard & Poor's 500 index edged up 1.01 points, or 0.1 percent, at 1,012.67.	1
And it's going to be a wild ride," said Allan Hoffenblum, a Republican consultant.	"It's going to be a wild ride," said Allan Hoffenblum, a Republican consultant.	1
And it's going to be a wild ride," said Allan Hoffenblum, a Republican consultant.	“It's going to be a wild ride," said Allan Hoffenblum, a Republican consultant.	1
And it's going to be a wild ride," said Allan Hoffenblum, a Republican consultant.	It's going to be a wild ride," said Allan Hoffenblum, a Republican consultant.	1
And it's going to be a wild ride," said Allan Hoffenblum, a Republican consultant.	"It's going to be a wild ride" said Allan Hoffenblum, a Republican consultant.	1
And it's going to be a wild ride," said Allan Hoffenblum, a Republican consultant.	Allan Hoffenblum, a Republican consultant, said: "And it's going to be a wild ride."	1
Water samples are being tested in a state lab to determine what caused the reaction.	In the state lab, water samples are being tested to determine what caused the reaction.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.	The Dow Jones industrial average.DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.	The Dow Jones industrial average.DJI increased 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.	Dow Jones industrial average.DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.	Dow Jones Industrial Average.DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.	The Dow Jones industrial average rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average.DJI rose 41.61 points, or 0.44 percent, to 9,415.82.	1
"Any decision on Charleroi will have huge implications for regional airports in France," he said.	"Any decision on Charleroi will have huge implications for regional airports in France" he said.	1
"Any decision on Charleroi will have huge implications for regional airports in France," he said.	Any decision on Charleroi will have huge implications for regional airports in France, he said.	1
"This is very serious," said Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	"This is very serious," says Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	1
"This is very serious," said Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	"This is very serious," says Dr. Julie Gerberding, Director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	1
"This is very serious," said Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	This is very serious," said Dr. Julie Gerberding, Director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	1
"This is very serious," said Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	This is very serious," said Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	1
Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	Shelley's office reported on Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	1
Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	At his office, Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	1
Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	The Shelley office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	1
Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	The Shelley administration reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	1
Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	On Friday, Shelley's office reported that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	1
Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	SUMMARY: The Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	1
Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	As of Friday, Shelley's office reported that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	1
Arguing that the case was an isolated example, Canada has threatened a trade backlash if Tokyo's ban is not justified on scientific grounds.	Averting that case was an isolated example, Canada has threatened a trade backlash if Tokyo's ban is not justified on scientific grounds.	1
Arguing that the case was an isolated example, Canada has threatened a trade backlash if Tokyo's ban is not justified on scientific grounds.	Assuming that the case was an isolated example, Canada threatens a trade backlash if Tokyo's ban is not justified on scientific grounds.	1
The shooting happened at 5:30 a.m. in the living room of the home the extended family shared on the city's westside.	The shooting happened at 5:30 a.m. in the living room of the extended family shared on the city's westside.	1
The shooting happened at 5:30 a.m. in the living room of the home the extended family shared on the city's westside.	The shooting happened at 5:30 a.m. in the living room of the home the extended family shared on the westside.	1
The shooting happened at 5:30 a.m. in the living room of the home the extended family shared on the city's westside.	The shooting occurred at 5:30 a.m. in the living room of the home the extended family shared on the city's westside.	1
The group ambitiously expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004.	The group is ambitiously expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004.	1
The group ambitiously expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004.	Group ambitiously expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004.	1
The group ambitiously expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004.	With an ambitious goal to release its products in late 2004, the group expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by the end of the year.	1
"The sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts views these crimes," Spitzer said in a statement.	"The sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts view these crimes," Spitzer said in a statement.	1
"The sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts views these crimes," Spitzer said in a statement.	Does the sentence reflect the seriousness with which our office and courts view these crimes?" Spitzer said in a statement.	1
"The sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts views these crimes," Spitzer said in a statement.	In a statement, Spitzer said: "The sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts view these crimes."	1
"The sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts views these crimes," Spitzer said in a statement.	The sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts view these crimes," Spitzer said in a statement.	1
"The sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts views these crimes," Spitzer said in a statement.	"The sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts view these crimes," Spitzer said.	1
"The sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts views these crimes," Spitzer said in a statement.	"This sentence reflects the seriousness with which our office and the courts view these crimes," Spitzer said in a statement.	1
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	Bush said resistance forces are hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like... the conditions are such that they can attack us there. "	1
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	Bush: Resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence feel like... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	1
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like... the conditions are such that they can attack us there."	1
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	Bush said the resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence feel like... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	1
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence feel like "the conditions are such that they can attack us there."	1
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	1
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	Bush said the resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	1
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	Bush said resistance forces are hostile to the U.S. presence. "The conditions are such that they can attack us there.	1
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	Bush said the resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like... the conditions are such that they can attack us there."	1
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	Bush said that resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like... the conditions are such that they can attack us there."	1
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	Bush said there is resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	1
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	Bush said the resistance forces are hostile to the U.S. presence and feel like "the conditions are such that they can attack us there."	1
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	Bush said that the resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	1
Bush said resistance forces hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like ... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	Bush said the resistance forces are hostile to the U.S. presence "feel like... the conditions are such that they can attack us there.	1
A prosecutor said investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death arrived.	The prosecutor said investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death arrived.	1
A prosecutor said investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death arrived.	Prosecutor said investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death arrived.	1
A prosecutor said investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death arrived.	When the news of his death reached Muenster, a prosecutor said investigators were searching his home in the presence of his wife when the news of his death arrived.	1
A prosecutor said investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death arrived.	An prosecutor said investigators were searching his home in Muenster in the presence of his wife when news of his death arrived.	1
Such a move has been widely predicted by industry observers and follows the recent announcement that Christopher Galvin, the company's chairman and chief executive, would soon retire.	This is a move that has been widely predicted by industry observers and follows the recent announcement that Christopher Galvin, the company's chairman and chief executive, will soon retire.	1
Such a move has been widely predicted by industry observers and follows the recent announcement that Christopher Galvin, the company's chairman and chief executive, would soon retire.	This move has been widely predicted by industry observers and follows the recent announcement that Christopher Galvin, the company's chairman and chief executive, would soon retire.	1
The United States and Russia have spent billions since the 1960s on a handful of space craft designed to land on Mars.	The US and Russia have spent billions in space since the 1960s on a handful of spacecraft designed to land on Mars.	1
The United States and Russia have spent billions since the 1960s on a handful of space craft designed to land on Mars.	The United States and Russia have spent billions since the 1960s on a handful of spacecraft designed to land on Mars.	1
The United States and Russia have spent billions since the 1960s on a handful of space craft designed to land on Mars.	United States and Russia have spent billions since the 1960s on a handful of space craft designed to land on Mars.	1
Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided much-needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.	Charles Howell III collected some local knowledge a year ago that provided much-needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.	1
Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided much-needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.	Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided much needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.	1
Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided much-needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.	Charles Howell III'picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided much-needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.	1
Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided much-needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.	Charles Howell III got some local knowledge a year ago that provided much needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.	1
Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided much-needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.	Charles Howell III took up some local knowledge a year ago that provided much-needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.	1
Charles Howell III picked up some local knowledge a year ago that provided much-needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.	Charles Howell III got some local knowledge a year ago that provided much-needed insight in the opening round of the Memorial Tournament in Dublin, Ohio.	1
Avalon means the next Windows OS will support new styles of user interfaces and elements.	Avalon: The next Windows operating system will support new styles of user interfaces and elements.	1
Sarah Weddington, the abortion advocate and attorney who originally represented McCorvey, could not be reached for comment.	Sarah Weddington, the abortion advocate and attorney who originally represented McCorvey, couldn't be reached for comment.	1
Sarah Weddington, the abortion advocate and attorney who originally represented McCorvey, could not be reached for comment.	Sarah Weddington, abortion advocate and attorney who originally represented McCorvey, could not be reached for comment.	1
Sarah Weddington, the abortion advocate and attorney who originally represented McCorvey, could not be reached for comment.	Sarah Weddington, the abortion advocate and attorney who originally represented McCorvey, can not be reached for comment.	1
Sarah Weddington, the abortion advocate and attorney who originally represented McCorvey, could not be reached for comment.	Sarah Weddington, an abortion advocate and attorney who originally represented McCorvey, could not be reached for comment.	1
Sarah Weddington, the abortion advocate and attorney who originally represented McCorvey, could not be reached for comment.	Sarah Weddington, the abortion advocate and attorney who originally represented McCorvey, couldn’t be reached for comment.	1
Monday, the CIA said analysts concluded that Saddam is likely the speaker on the tape.	The CIA said Monday that analysts conclude that Saddam is likely the speaker on the tape.	1
Monday, the CIA said analysts concluded that Saddam is likely the speaker on the tape.	The CIA said analysts concluded that Saddam is likely the speaker on the tape. Monday, the CIA said analysts concluded that Saddam is likely the speaker on the tape.	1
Monday, the CIA said analysts concluded that Saddam is likely the speaker on the tape.	On Monday, the CIA said analysts concluded that Saddam is likely the speaker on the tape.	1
The report by the Justice Department's inspector general found "significant problems" in the government's handling of foreigners who were jailed under blanket edicts adopted by the department after the attacks.	The report by the Justice Department's inspector general found "significant problems" in the government's handling of foreigners who were jailed under blanket edicts adopted by the department after the 9/11 attacks.	1
The report by the Justice Department's inspector general found "significant problems" in the government's handling of foreigners who were jailed under blanket edicts adopted by the department after the attacks.	Report by the Justice Department's inspector general found "significant problems" in the government's handling of foreigners who were jailed under blanket edicts adopted by the department after the attacks.	1
Under the agreement, LendingTree shareholders would receive 0.6199 of a USAi share for each share in LendingTree.	Under the deal, shareholders would receive 0.6199 of a USi share for each share of LendingTree.	1
Under the agreement, LendingTree shareholders would receive 0.6199 of a USAi share for each share in LendingTree.	Under the agreement, shareholders would receive 0.6199 of a USAi share for each share in LendingTree.	1
Under the agreement, LendingTree shareholders would receive 0.6199 of a USAi share for each share in LendingTree.	Under the agreement, shareholders would receive 0.6199 of a USi share for each share in LendingTree.	1
Under the agreement, LendingTree shareholders would receive 0.6199 of a USAi share for each share in LendingTree.	Under the agreement, LendingTree shareholders would receive 0.6199 of a USi share for each share in LendingTree.	1
Prince William County prosecutors told a judge yesterday they now want the trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad moved out of the area.	Prince William County prosecutors told a judge yesterday they want the trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad moved out of the area.	1
Prince William County prosecutors told a judge yesterday they now want the trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad moved out of the area.	The Prince William County prosecutor told a judge yesterday they want the trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad moved out of the area.	1
Prince William County prosecutors told a judge yesterday they now want the trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad moved out of the area.	The Prince William County prosecutors told a judge yesterday they want the trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad moved out of the area.	1
Prince William County prosecutors told a judge yesterday they now want the trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad moved out of the area.	In Prince William County, prosecutors told a judge yesterday they now want the trial of sniper suspect John Allen Muhammad moved out of the area.	1
Greenspan is head of the U.S. central bank, which sets U.S. interest rates.	Greenspan is the head of the U.S. Central Bank, which sets U.S. interest rates.	1
Greenspan is head of the U.S. central bank, which sets U.S. interest rates.	Greenspan is the head of the U.S. central bank, which decides the interest rates.	1
Greenspan is head of the U.S. central bank, which sets U.S. interest rates.	Greenspan is the head of the U.S. Central Bank, which sets interest rates.	1
Greenspan is head of the U.S. central bank, which sets U.S. interest rates.	Greenspan is chairman of the central bank of the United States, which sets interest rates.	1
The statewide unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.	The state unemployment rate fell to 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.	1
Others rushed up the aisle to vocally protest the remarks, and one student tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving.	Some rushed up the aisle to vocally protest the remarks, and one student tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving.	1
Others rushed up the aisle to vocally protest the remarks, and one student tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving.	Other students rushed up the aisle to vocally protest the remarks, and one student tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving.	1
Others rushed up the aisle to vocally protest the remarks, and one student tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving.	The students protested the remarks while others rushed up the aisle to vocally protest the remarks. One student tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving.	1
Others rushed up the aisle to vocally protest the remarks, and one student tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving.	Some students rushed up the aisle to vocally protest the remarks, and one student tossed his cap and gown to the stage before leaving.	1
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.	AMD's chip sales increased 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.	1
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.	AMD chips jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.	1
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.	This year AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent to $402 million year on year.	1
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.	AMD chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.	1
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.	Avd AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.	1
AMD's chip sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.	AMD chips sales jumped 7 percent year-on-year to $402 million.	1
Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers to end that program, which also dated from the Depression.	Last year, Congress passed similar, but less expensive, peanut farmers buyout legislation to end that program, which also dated from the Depression.	1
Last year, Congress passed similar, though less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers to end that program, which also dated from the Depression.	Last year, Congress passed similar, but less expensive, buyout legislation for peanut farmers to end that program, which also dated from the Depression.	1
Responding, Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said later: "The comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts.	Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said later: "The comptroller's statements, while notable for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts.	1
Responding, Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said later: "The comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts.	Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said later: "The comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts."	1
"Indeed, Iran should be put on notice that efforts to try to remake Iraq in their image will be aggressively put down," he said.	In any case, Iran should put on notice that efforts to try to remake Iraq in their image will be aggressively put down," he said.	1
"Indeed, Iran should be put on notice that efforts to try to remake Iraq in their image will be aggressively put down," he said.	"In fact, Iran should be put on notice that efforts to try to remake Iraq in their image will be aggressively put down," he said.	1
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.	The Conservatives in the US are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.	1
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.	American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.	1
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres with several weeks between each.	1
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	Although the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	1
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each operation.	1
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	If the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	1
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	The Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	1
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	As the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each operation.	1
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	The Ibrahims had one separation operation, goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	1
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	As the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	1
While the Ibrahims had one separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	During the Ibrahims separation operation, Goodrich and Dr. David Staffenberg plan about three for the Aguirres, with several weeks between each.	1
"If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible.	If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible.	1
"If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible.	If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible."	1
"If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible.	If diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible.	1
"If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible.	If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as possible.	1
"If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible.	If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as possible."	1
"If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible.	If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible. "	1
"If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible.	If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as possible. "	1
"If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible.	"If I was diagnosed today with CJD, I would ensure I received this treatment as soon as humanly possible."	1
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.	The figure has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.	1
Representatives of its tribal and ethnic groups named a cross section of residents yesterday to run municipal affairs alongside the US military.	Representatives of its tribal and ethnic groups named a cross section of its residents yesterday to run municipal affairs alongside the US military.	1
I think there's a little hope invested in McNabb and he got a lot of credit for the performance of his team that he really didn't deserve.	I think there's a little hope invested in McNabb and he got a lot of credit for the performance of his team that he didn't deserve.	1
A COUPLE have been arrested for starving their four sons while letting their daughters feast in front of them.	A COUPLE has been arrested for starving their four sons while letting their daughters feast in front of them.	1
A COUPLE have been arrested for starving their four sons while letting their daughters feast in front of them.	A Couple has been arrested for starving their four sons while letting their daughters feast in front of them.	1
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.	Local police authorities treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.	1
Local police authorities are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.	Local police are treating the explosion as a criminal matter and nothing has been ruled out.	1
The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	The ELF claims responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	1
The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	The ELF claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	1
The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against business entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	1
The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	The ELF claims responsibility for slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	1
The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	The ELF is responsible for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	1
The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	1
The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	ELF claims responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	1
The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	The ELF is responsible for a string of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	1
The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	As an ELF member, the ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	1
The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	ELF claims responsibility for slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	1
Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	Claudia Gonzles Herrera, assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala is "taking the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	1
Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	Claudia Gonzles Herrera, assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	1
Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously"	1
Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	Claudia Gonzles Herrera, assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously.	1
Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	Claudia Gonzles Herrera, Assistant Attorney General in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Mayan heritage seriously."	1
Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	Claudia Gonzles Herrera, the Assistant Attorney General in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	1
Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	Claudia Gonzles Herrera, assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Mayan heritage seriously."	1
Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously.	1
Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	In Guatemala, Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	1
Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	Claudia Gonzles Herrera, assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously".	1
Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	Claudia Gonzles Herrera, Assistant Attorney General in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	1
Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	Claudia Gonzles Herrera, assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala takes "the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	1
Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously."	Claudia Gonzles Herrera, an assistant attorney general in charge of the case, said the arrests show that Guatemala "takes the defense of its ancient Maya heritage seriously".	1
Dos Reis is scheduled to be sentenced in Danbury Superior Court this morning on charges of first-degree manslaughter and second-degree sexual assault.	Dos Reis will be sentenced in Danbury Superior Court this morning on charges of first-degree manslaughter and second-degree sexual assault.	1
Gordon stressed that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	Gordon stressed that his bill was "a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	1
Gordon stressed that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	Gordon stressed that "his bill is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	1
Gordon stressed that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	Gordon stressed that his bill is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation. "	1
Gordon stressed that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	Gordon said that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	1
Gordon stressed that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	Gordon stressed that his bill is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation.	1
Gordon stressed that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	Gordon said that his bill is "a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	1
Gordon stressed that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	Gordon stressed that his bill is "a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	1
Gordon stressed that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	Gordon says his bill is "a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	1
Gordon stressed that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	Gordon says that "his bill is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	1
Gordon stressed that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	Gordon stressed that his bill is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	1
Gordon stressed that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	Gordon stated that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	1
Gordon stressed that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	Gordon said his bill was a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation.	1
Gordon stressed that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	Gordon said that his bill is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation.	1
Gordon stressed that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	Gordon said his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	1
Gordon stressed that his bill "is a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	Gordon said his bill is "a lesson-learned bill and not a reflection on Admiral Gehman's handling of the Columbia investigation."	1
About 24 percent of men who took placebo, or 1,147 men, developed prostate cancer.	About 24 percent of men who took a placebo, or 1,147 men, developed prostate cancer.	1
About 24 percent of men who took placebo, or 1,147 men, developed prostate cancer.	And about 24 percent of men who took placebo, or 1,147 men, developed prostate cancer.	1
About 24 percent of men who took placebo, or 1,147 men, developed prostate cancer.	About 24 percent of men who took a placebo (including 1 147 men) developed prostate cancer.	1
Lay had contended that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.	Lay argued that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment rights against self-incrimination.	1
Lay had contended that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.	Lay argued that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.	1
Lay had contended that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.	Lay argued that turning over documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.	1
Lay had contended that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.	Lay has contended that turning over the documents would violate his fifth amendment right against self-incrimination.	1
Lay had contended that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.	Lay had argued that turning over documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.	1
Lay had contended that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.	Lay, had contended that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.	1
Lay had contended that turning over the documents would violate his Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.	Whereas Lay had contended that turning over the documents would violate his fifth amendment right against self-incrimination.	1
A panel of the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals upheld California's assault weapons ban in a 2-1 ruling last December.	In December, a panel of the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals upheld California's assault weapons ban in a 2-1 ruling.	1
Cardenas and Estrada, who is on trial for economic plunder, have denied any involvement.	Cardenas and Estrada are on trial for economic plunder. They deny any involvement.	1
The number of passengers aboard was not known and may never be, since ferry operators rarely keep full passenger lists.	The number of passengers in the ferry is unknown and may never be, since ferry operators rarely keep full passenger lists.	1
The number of passengers aboard was not known and may never be, since ferry operators rarely keep full passenger lists.	Number of passengers on ferry was unknown and may never be, since ferry operators rarely keep full passenger lists.	1
The number of passengers aboard was not known and may never be, since ferry operators rarely keep full passenger lists.	The number of passengers aboard the ferry was not known and may never be, since ferry operators rarely keep full passenger lists.	1
More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent on placebo.	More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared to 5.1 percent on placebo.	1
More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent on placebo.	More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent on the placebo.	1
More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent on placebo.	More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent on a placebo.	1
More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent on placebo.	More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared to 5.1 percent of men on the placebo.	1
More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent on placebo.	More than 6 percent of the men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent on the placebo.	1
More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high-grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent on placebo.	More than 6 percent of men on the drug developed high grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent on placebo.	1
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation’s critical infrastructure assets."	This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation’s cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation’s critical infrastructure assets."	1
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation’s critical infrastructure assets."	This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets."	1
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation’s critical infrastructure assets."	"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation’s cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation’s critical infrastructure assets."	1
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation’s critical infrastructure assets."	"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets."	1
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation’s critical infrastructure assets."	"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets. "	1
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.	WHO experts don't say how many cases of Hebei were in rural areas.	1
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.	The WHO experts didn't say how many cases of Hebei were in rural areas.	1
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.	The WHO experts didn't say how many cases were in Hebei in rural areas.	1
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.	The WHO experts did not say how many cases were in Hebei were in rural areas.	1
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.	WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.	1
Sales of downloaded singles and albums will be included in Billboard's charts for those configurations.	From this point of view sales of downloaded singles and albums will be included in Billboard's charts for those configurations.	1
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.	The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of the scientific journal Nature Medicine.	1
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.	Nature Medicine: The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of the scientific journal Nature Medicine.	1
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.	In the June 1 edition of Nature Medicine, the findings were reported online.	1
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.	Nature Medicine: The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.	1
Kerry last month outlined a U.N. resolution authorizing a military force under U.S. command and transferring responsibility to the United Nations for the political and humanitarian efforts.	Kerry's last month outlined a U.N. resolution authorizing a military force under U.S. command and transferring responsibility to the United Nations for the political and humanitarian efforts.	1
Downer originally said the 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived in a boat off Melville Island last week.	Downer initially said the 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived in a boat off Melville Island last week.	1
Downer originally said the 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived in a boat off Melville Island last week.	Downer said the 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered refugees when they arrived in a boat off Melville Island last week.	1
Downer originally said the 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived in a boat off Melville Island last week.	Downer said the 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived in a boat off Melville Island last week.	1
Nearly 300 mutinous troops who seized a Manila shopping and apartment complex demanding the government resign gave up and retreated peacefully after some 19 hours.	Nearly 300 mutinous troops who seized a Manila shopping and apartment complex demanding the government resigned gave up and retreated peacefully after some 19 hours.	1
Nearly 300 mutinous troops who seized a Manila shopping and apartment complex demanding the government resign gave up and retreated peacefully after some 19 hours.	Around 300 mutinous troops who seized a Manila shopping and apartment complex demanding the government resign gave up and retreated peacefully after some 19 hours.	1
Nearly 300 mutinous troops who seized a Manila shopping and apartment complex demanding the government resign gave up and retreated peacefully after some 19 hours.	Almost 300 mutinous troops who seized a Manila shopping and apartment complex demanding the government resign gave up and retreated peacefully after some 19 hours.	1
The government identified the alleged hijackers as Francisco Lamas Carón, 29, Luis Alberto Suarez Acosta, 22, and Yosvani Martínez Acosta, 27.	The government identified the alleged hijackers as Francisco Lamas Carón, 29, Luis Alberto Suarez Acosta, 22, and Yosvani Martnez Acosta, 27.	1
"The court expects that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary," O'Connor wrote.	"The court expects that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary" O'Connor wrote. "The court expects that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary."	1
"The court expects that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary," O'Connor wrote.	"The court expects that 25 years from now, the use of racial preference will no longer be necessary," O'Connor wrote.	1
"The court expects that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary," O'Connor wrote.	In "The Court expects that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary" O'Connor wrote.	1
"The court expects that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary," O'Connor wrote.	The court expects that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary," O'Connor wrote.	1
"The court expects that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary," O'Connor wrote.	"The court expects that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary" O'Connor wrote.	1
The FTC also said AOL and CompuServe failed to deliver timely rebates to consumers.	The FTC said AOL and CompuServe failed to deliver timely rebates to consumers.	1
"I do not wish to be present during this witness," he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.	"I do not want to be present during this witness," he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.	1
"I do not wish to be present during this witness," he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.	I don't wish to be present during this witness," he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.	1
"I do not wish to be present during this witness," he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.	"I do not wish to be present during this witness," he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami. "I do not wish to be present during this witness," he told.	1
"I do not wish to be present during this witness," he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.	I do not wish to be present during this witness, said Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.	1
"I do not wish to be present during this witness," he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.	I do not wish to be present during this witness," he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.	1
"I do not wish to be present during this witness," he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.	I do not wish to be present during this witness, he told Stanislaus County Superior Court Judge Al Girolami.	1
In three years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock, when its share price was around $24, to 37th.	In three years, Lend Lease has slipped from a Top Five stock, when its share price was around $24, to 37th.	1
In three years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock, when its share price was around $24, to 37th.	Lend Lease has fallen from a top-five stock, when its share price was around $24. In three years, it has slipped from a top-five stock to 37th.	1
In three years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock, when its share price was around $24, to 37th.	In three years, Lend Lease has dropped from a top-five stock, when its share price was around $24 to 37th.	1
In three years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock, when its share price was around $24, to 37th.	In three years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock, when its share price was around $24 to 37th place.	1
In three years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock, when its share price was around $24, to 37th.	In three years, Lend Lease has fallen from a top-five stock, when its share price was around $24, to 37th.	1
In three years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock, when its share price was around $24, to 37th.	In three years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top five stock, when its share price was around $24, to 37th.	1
In three years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock, when its share price was around $24, to 37th.	In the last 3 years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock, when its share price was around $24, to 37th.	1
In three years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock, when its share price was around $24, to 37th.	In 3 years, Lend Lease has slipped from a top-five stock, when its share price was around $24, to 37th.	1
About two hours later, his body, wrapped in a blanket, was found dumped a few blocks away.	His body was found about two hours later wrapped in a blanket, dumped a few blocks away.	1
About two hours later, his body, wrapped in a blanket, was found dumped a few blocks away.	Approximately two hours later, his body, wrapped in a blanket, was found dumped a few blocks away.	1
The Satellite's 17-inch panel offers a maximum resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels, Toshiba said.	The Toshiba Satellite's 17-inch panel offers a maximum resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels, said Toshiba.	1
The Satellite's 17-inch panel offers a maximum resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels, Toshiba said.	The Toshiba Satellite 17-inch panel has a maximum resolution of 1,440 x 900 pixels, said Toshiba.	1
The Satellite's 17-inch panel offers a maximum resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels, Toshiba said.	The 17-inch panel of Toshiba's satellite offers a maximum resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels, according to Toshiba.	1
The Satellite's 17-inch panel offers a maximum resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels, Toshiba said.	Toshiba says the new 17-inch Satellite panel has a resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels.	1
The Satellite's 17-inch panel offers a maximum resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels, Toshiba said.	This Satellite's 17-inch panel has a maximum resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels, Toshiba said.	1
The Satellite's 17-inch panel offers a maximum resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels, Toshiba said.	A Toshiba Satellite 17-inch panel provides a maximum resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels, said Toshiba.	1
The Satellite's 17-inch panel offers a maximum resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels, Toshiba said.	Toshiba Satellites said its 17-inch panel has a maximum resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels.	1
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.	The average American makes four trips per day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.	1
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.	The average American makes four trips a day, with 45 percent for shopping or errands.	1
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.	A typical American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.	1
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.5 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 gained 0.3 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 1.2 percent.	In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.5 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 gained 0.3% and Germany's DAX index advanced 1.2 percent.	1
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.5 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 gained 0.3 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 1.2 percent.	In the afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.5 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 gained 0.3 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 1.2 percent.	1
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 rose 1.5 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 gained 0.3 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 1.2 percent.	In European afternoon trading, France's CAC-40 rose 1.5 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 gained 0.3 percent and Germany's DAX index advanced 1.2 percent.	1
"We did not want to shut down," Lawrence Diamond, the CFO, said as O'Donnell lawyer Matthew Fishbein questioned him.	"We did not want to shut down,” said Lawrence Diamond, the CFO, while O'Donnell lawyer Matthew Fishbein questioned him.	1
"We did not want to shut down," Lawrence Diamond, the CFO, said as O'Donnell lawyer Matthew Fishbein questioned him.	"We didn't want to shut down," said Lawrence Diamond, the CFO, as O'Donnell lawyer Matthew Fishbein questioned him. "We did not want to shut down," said Diamond.	1
OpForce 3.0 supports Solaris, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows.	OpForce 3.0 supports Linux, Solaris, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows.	1
OpForce 3.0 supports Solaris, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows.	OpForce 3.0 supports IBM AIX, Solaris, Red Hat Linux and Windows.	1
OpForce 3.0 supports Solaris, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows.	OpForce 3.0 supports Windows, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Solaris.	1
As such, consumers want to easily enjoy this content, regardless of the source, across different devices and locations in the home, said the group.	As such, consumers want to easily enjoy this content, regardless of the source, across different devices and locations in the home, said the group. "	1
As such, consumers want to easily enjoy this content, regardless of the source, across different devices and locations in the home, said the group.	Consumers want to easily enjoy this content, regardless of the source, across different devices and locations in the home, said the group.	1
Columbia broke up over Texas upon re-entry on Feb. 1.	Columbia split up over Texas on Feb. 1 after the re-entry on Feb. 1.	1
Because of that, the family had kept him from the home over the objections of the grandmother, police said.	Due to that, the family had kept him from the home over the objections of the grandmother, police said.	1
One of the Commission's publicly stated goals is to ensure other producers' server software can work with desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft's.	One of the Commission's publicly stated goals is to ensure other producers' servers can work with desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft's.	1
But he added: "You can't win elections by looking in the rearview mirror."	He added: "You can't win elections by looking in the rearview mirror."	1
Recent U.S. appeals court rulings have required Internet providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files.	Recently, U.S. appeals court rulings have required Internet providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files.	1
Recent U.S. appeals court rulings have required Internet providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files.	Recently U.S. appeals court rulings have required Internet providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files.	1
Recent U.S. appeals court rulings have required Internet providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files.	Recent U.S. appeals court rulings require Internet providers to identify subscribers suspected of illegally sharing music and movie files.	1
She also thanked her boyfriend, Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who was sitting next to the stage.	She thanked her boyfriend, Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who was sitting next to the stage.	1
She also thanked her boyfriend, Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who was sitting next to the stage.	She also thanked her boyfriend, Sergeant Ruben Contreras, who was sitting next to the stage.	1
She also thanked her boyfriend, Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who was sitting next to the stage.	She thanked her boyfriend, Sgt. Ruben Contreras, for sitting beside the stage.	1
Federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight (Friday US time).	Federal offices were closed for a second day overnight (Friday US time).	1
Federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight (Friday US time).	Federal offices were to remain closed for another day overnight (Friday US time).	1
Federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight (Friday US time).	Federal offices will remain closed for a second day overnight (Friday US time).	1
Federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight (Friday US time).	Federal offices were to remain closed for the second day overnight (Friday US time).	1
Federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight (Friday US time).	Federal offices would remain closed for two days overnight (Friday US time).	1
Federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight (Friday US time).	Federal offices were to remain closed overnight (Friday US time) for the second day in a row.	1
Federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight (Friday US time).	Federal offices would remain closed for a second day overnight (Friday US time).	1
Missouri Gov. Bob Holden asked the White House to declare a federal disaster in 39 counties.	Bob Holden, the Missouri governor, asked the White House to declare a federal disaster in 39 counties.	1
Missouri Gov. Bob Holden asked the White House to declare a federal disaster in 39 counties.	Governor of Missouri Bob Holden called the White House to declare a federal disaster in 39 counties.	1
According to the affidavit, Al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using two American and one Yemeni passport.	Al-Amoudi, according to the affidavit, made at least 10 trips to Libya using two American and one Yemeni passport.	1
According to the affidavit, Al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using two American and one Yemeni passport.	According to the affidavit, Al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using two American and one Yemeni passports.	1
According to the affidavit, Al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using two American and one Yemeni passport.	According to the affidavit, Al Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using two American and one Yemeni passports.	1
According to the affidavit, Al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using two American and one Yemeni passport.	As per the affidavit, Al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using two American and one Yemeni passports.	1
According to the affidavit, Al-Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using two American and one Yemeni passport.	According to the affidavit, Al Amoudi made at least 10 trips to Libya using two American and one Yemeni passport.	1
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.	In one cubic centimetre it can hold more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music.	1
His coalition also passed some of the world's most progressive laws in legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs.	On the other hand, his coalition also passed some of the world's most progressive laws in legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs.	1
His coalition also passed some of the world's most progressive laws in legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs.	His coalition also passed the most progressive laws in the world in the area of gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the use of soft drugs.	1
His coalition also passed some of the world's most progressive laws in legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs.	Also on his side, his coalition passed the world's most progressive laws in legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs.	1
His coalition also passed some of the world's most progressive laws in legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs.	In addition to legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia, his coalition also passed some of the world's most progressive laws in legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs.	1
His coalition also passed some of the world's most progressive laws in legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs.	The coalition has passed the most progressive laws in the world for legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the use of soft drugs.	1
Passenger Keith Charlton, who helped tackle the man, last night praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant, known to passengers as Greg.	Passengers Keith Charlton, who helped tackle the man, last night praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant, known to passengers as Greg.	1
Passenger Keith Charlton, who helped tackle the man, last night praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant, known to passengers as Greg.	Passenger Keith Charlton, who helped tackle the man, yesterday night praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant, known to passengers as Greg.	1
Passenger Keith Charlton, who helped tackle the man, last night praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant, known to passengers as Greg.	Passenger Keith Charlton, who helped tackle the man, yesterday evening praised the efforts of the injured chief flight attendant, known to passengers as Greg.	1
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.	Jordan Green, O'Brien's lawyer, declined to comment.	1
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.	Jordan Green, O'Brien's attorney, declined to comment.	1
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.	O'Brien's lawyer, Jordan Green, declined to comment. He declined to comment.	1
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.	O'Brien's lawyer, Jordan Green, declined to comment.	1
Revenue in the most-recent quarter rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion.	Revenue in the most recent quarter rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion.	1
Revenue in the most-recent quarter rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion.	Item Revenue in most-recent quarter rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion.	1
Revenue in the most-recent quarter rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion.	In the most recent quarter, revenues increased 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion.	1
Revenue in the most-recent quarter rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion.	For the most recent quarter, revenues rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion.	1
Revenue in the most-recent quarter rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion.	In the most recent quarter, revenue increased 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion.	1
Revenue in the most-recent quarter rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion.	In the most recent quarter, revenues rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion.	1
Revenue in the most-recent quarter rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion.	In the most recent quarter, revenue rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 18.06, or 0.2 per cent, at 9266.51.	Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down 18.06, or 0.2 per cent, at 9266.51.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 18.06, or 0.2 per cent, at 9266.51.	The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 18.06, or 0.2%, at 9266.51.	1
If Poland, Spain and Germany were prepared to make concessions in Brussels, the basis for a deal could be found.	If Poland, Spain and Germany were willing to make concessions in Brussels, the basis could be found.	1
If Poland, Spain and Germany were prepared to make concessions in Brussels, the basis for a deal could be found.	If Germany, Poland and Spain agreed to make concessions in Brussels, the basis for a deal could be found.	1
If Poland, Spain and Germany were prepared to make concessions in Brussels, the basis for a deal could be found.	If Poland, Spain and Germany were willing to make concessions in Brussels, the basis for a deal could be found.	1
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	When a manager let him in the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	1
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	When a manager let him in the apartment, a youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching TV cartoon channel.	1
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	When a manager let him into an apartment, the youngster was in the baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	1
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	When a manager let the youngster into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	1
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	When a manager allowed a youngster into the apartment, he was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	1
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	When a manager let a youngster into the apartment, he was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	1
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	When the manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	1
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	When a manager let a youngster into an apartment, he was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	1
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	1
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	When a manager let a baby into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a cartoon channel.	1
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	When a manager let a youngster into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	1
When a manager let him into the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	When a manager let a youngster in the apartment, the youngster was in a baby's bathtub, covered with a towel and watching a TV cartoon channel.	1
"We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options," VeriSign spokesman Tom Galvin told Reuters.	We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options," VeriSign spokesman Tom Galvin told Reuters.	1
"We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options," VeriSign spokesman Tom Galvin told Reuters.	"We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options," VeriSign spokesperson Tom Galvin told Reuters.	1
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.	Electronic Data Systems Corp. said on Thursday the Securities and Exchange Commission asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.	1
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.	Electronic Data Systems Corp. said Thursday the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the United States Navy.	1
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.	Electronic Data Systems Corp. said on Thursday the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.	1
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.	Electronic Data Systems Corp. on Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.	1
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.	Electronic Data Systems Corp. announced the Securities and Exchange Commission on Thursday that it has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.	1
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.	Electronic Data Systems Corp. said Thursday the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.	1
Electronic Data Systems Corp. Thursday said the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.	Electronic Data Systems Corp. said Thursday that the Securities and Exchange Commission has asked the company for documents related to its large contract with the U.S. Navy.	1
Monday ratcheted up its database software line with the introduction of a new suite that automates the process of defining, describing and indexing information contained in the database.	Monday ratcheted up its database software line by the introduction of a new suite that automates the process of defining, describing and indexing information contained in its database.	1
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.	The veteran Malaysian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.	1
The veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi Wednesday at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.	On Wednesday the veteran Malyasian diplomat met Suu Kyi at the lakeside home in Yangon where she is under house arrest.	1
Malvo's attorneys mounted an insanity defense, arguing that Muhammad's indoctrination left him unable to tell right from wrong.	Muhammad's indoctrination left him unable to tell right from wrong. Malvo's lawyers mounted an insanity defense.	1
Malvo's attorneys mounted an insanity defense, arguing that Muhammad's indoctrination left him unable to tell right from wrong.	Michael Malvo’s lawyers mounted an insanity defense, arguing that Muhammad’s indoctrination left him unable to tell right from wrong.	1
On average the students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and 11 times in the last year.	On average the students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and eleven times in the last year.	1
On average the students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and 11 times in the last year.	In average the students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and 11 times in the last year.	1
On average the students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and 11 times in the last year.	On average, the students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and 11 times in the last year.	1
On average the students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and 11 times in the last year.	On average, students suffered at least one of the 13 symptoms between three and 11 times in the last year.	1
SEIU President Andrew Stern said the unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's positions.	SEIU President Andrew Stern said the unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's position.	1
SEIU President Andrew Stern said the unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's positions.	Andrew Stern, SEIU president, said unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's position.	1
SEIU President Andrew Stern said the unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's positions.	SEIU president Andrew Stern said unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's position.	1
SEIU President Andrew Stern said the unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's positions.	SEIU president Andrew Stern said the unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's position.	1
SEIU President Andrew Stern said the unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's positions.	Andrew Stern, SEIU President, said the unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's positions.	1
SEIU President Andrew Stern said the unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's positions.	Andrew Stern, the SEIU president, said the unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's position.	1
SEIU President Andrew Stern said the unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's positions.	Andrew Stern, SEIU President, said unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's position.	1
SEIU President Andrew Stern said the unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's positions.	Andrew Stern, SEIU President, said the unions are "totally comfortable" with Dean's position.	1
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.	Marcel Desailly has become the latest Chelsea defender to speak out.	1
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.	Marcel Desailly is now the latest Chelsea defender to speak out.	1
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.	Marcel Desailly is the latest Chelsea defender to speak out.	1
But the institute says the department "woefully underestimates" the changes that would occur under the proposal.	The institute says the department "woefully underestimates" the changes that would occur under the proposal.	1
But the institute says the department "woefully underestimates" the changes that would occur under the proposal.	But the institute says the department "woefully underestimates" the changes that would occur under the proposed proposal.	1
But the institute says the department "woefully underestimates" the changes that would occur under the proposal.	And the institute says the department "woefully underestimates" the changes that would occur under the proposal.	1
But the institute says the department "woefully underestimates" the changes that would occur under the proposal.	In any case, the institute says the department "woefully underestimates" the changes that would occur under the proposal.	1
In March, 67 percent connected through cable, up from 63 percent a year earlier.	In March, 67 percent connected via cable, up from 63 percent a year earlier.	1
Close behind was India, 14.3 percent, followed by Thailand and the Philippines.	Close behind was India, 14.3 percent, followed by Thailand and Philippines.	1
Close behind was India, 14.3 percent, followed by Thailand and the Philippines.	Close behind was India with 14,3 percent, followed by Thailand and the Philippines.	1
A year or two later, 259, or 10 per cent, of the youths reported that they had started to smoke, or had taken just a few puffs.	A year or two later, 259, or 10 per cent, of the youths reported that they had started to smoke or had taken just a few puffs.	1
A year or two later, 259, or 10 per cent, of the youths reported that they had started to smoke, or had taken just a few puffs.	One year or two later, 259, or 10%, of the youths reported that they had started to smoke, or had taken just a few puffs.	1
A year or two later, 259, or 10 per cent, of the youths reported that they had started to smoke, or had taken just a few puffs.	A year or two later, 259, or 10 per cent of the youths, reported that they had started to smoke or had taken just a few puffs.	1
A year or two later, 259, or 10 per cent, of the youths reported that they had started to smoke, or had taken just a few puffs.	One year or two later, 259, or 10 per cent, of the youths reported that they had started to smoke, or had taken just a few puffs.	1
A year or two later, 259, or 10 per cent, of the youths reported that they had started to smoke, or had taken just a few puffs.	One year or two later, 259 or 10 per cent of the youths reported that they had started to smoke, or had taken just a few puffs.	1
A year or two later, 259, or 10 per cent, of the youths reported that they had started to smoke, or had taken just a few puffs.	One year later, 259, or 10 per cent, of the youths reported that they had started to smoke, or had taken just a few puffs.	1
On Thursday, authorities evacuated residents who live in the canyon and closed off the road leading there.	As of Thursday, authorities have evacuated residents who live in the canyon and closed off the road leading there.	1
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.	EU ministers were invited to the conference but cancelled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.	1
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.	EU agriculture ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the EU is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, an EU agriculture representative in Washington.	1
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.	EU Ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, an EU agriculture representative in Washington.	1
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.	EU agriculture ministers were invited to the conference but cancelled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.	1
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.	EU agriculture ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, an EU agriculture representative in Washington.	1
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.	EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, an EU agriculture representative in Washington.	1
EU ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.	EU agriculture ministers were invited to the conference but canceled because the union is closing talks on agricultural reform, said Gerry Kiely, a EU agriculture representative in Washington.	1
Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	Andrew Sugden, a evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone"... "this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	1
Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	Andrew Sugden, evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone". "This research has broken the size barrier for rodents."	1
Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone... this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	1
Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone" "this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	1
Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone" "This research has broken the size barrier for rodents."	1
Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the finding as a "milestone... this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	1
Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	Andrew Sugden, evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone"... this research has broken the size barrier for rodents",	1
Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	Andrew Sugden, a evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as "a milestone"... this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	1
Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone" and "This research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	1
Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as "a milestone... this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	1
Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone"... this research has broken the size barrier for rodents.	1
Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	Andrew Sugden, evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone" "This research has broken the size barrier for rodents."	1
Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone" "This research has broken the size barrier for rodents", he added.	1
Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone" "This research has broken the size barrier for rodents"	1
Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone"... this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	1
Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone . . . this research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	Andrew Sugden, an evolutionary biology expert and international managing editor of Science, described the find as a "milestone" "This research has broken the size barrier for rodents".	1
The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals has unsealed a heavily edited transcript of the June 3 court session where classified evidence was discussed out of public earshot.	The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals has unsealed a heavily edited transcript of the June 3 court session where classified evidence was discussed out of public earshot	1
The 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals has unsealed a heavily edited transcript of the June 3 court session where classified evidence was discussed out of public earshot.	On June 3rd the 4th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals has unsealed a heavily edited transcript of the June 3rd court session where classified evidence was discussed out of public earshot.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX dropped 9.90 points, or 0.99 percent, to 988.61.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 9.90 points, or 0.99 percent, to 988.61.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX dropped 9.90 points, or 0.99 percent, to 988.61.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX dropped 9.90 points, or 0.99 percent, to 988.61.	1
The Lord Chancellor was guardian of the Great Seal, used to stamp all official documents from the sovereign.	Lord Chancellor was guardian of the Great Seal, used to stamp all official documents from the sovereign.	1
The Lord Chancellor was guardian of the Great Seal, used to stamp all official documents from the sovereign.	Lord Chancellor was guardian of the great seal, used to stamp all official documents from the sovereign.	1
Prisoners were tortured and executed -- their ears and scalps severed for souvenirs.	Prisoners were tortured and executed, their ears and scalps severed for souvenirs.	1
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.	U.S. soldiers killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.	1
Cindy Yeast, a 50-year-old Washington-area publicist, says she began taking supplements two years ago in part to avoid mild dementia that affects her elderly parents.	Cindy Yeast, a 50-year-old Washington-area publicist, says she started taking supplements two years ago in part to avoid mild dementia that affects her elderly parents.	1
Cindy Yeast, a 50-year-old Washington-area publicist, says she began taking supplements two years ago in part to avoid mild dementia that affects her elderly parents.	Cindy Yeast, 50, a Washington-area publicist, says she began taking supplements two years ago in part to avoid mild dementia that affects her elderly parents.	1
About 25 countries have signed in the past four months, and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks.	About 25 countries have signed in the past four months and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks.	1
About 25 countries have signed in the past four months, and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks.	About 25 countries have signed in the past 4 months, and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks.	1
About 25 countries have signed in the past four months, and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks.	Some 25 countries have signed in the past four months, and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks.	1
About 25 countries have signed in the past four months, and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks.	Approximately 25 countries have signed in the past four months, and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks.	1
About 25 countries have signed in the past four months, and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks.	Around 25 countries have signed in the past four months, and about half of those have been signed in the past few weeks.	1
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilisation," Powell said, according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters.	"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilisation," Powell said, according to the text of the prepared remarks seen by Reuters.	1
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilisation," Powell said, according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters.	"The United States welcomes NATO involvement in Iraq's stabilisation," said Powell, according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters.	1
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilisation," Powell said, according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters.	"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilisation", Powell said, according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters.	1
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilisation," Powell said, according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters.	"The United States welcomes NATO role in Iraq's stabilisation", Powell said, according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters.	1
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilisation," Powell said, according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters.	'The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilisation', Powell said, according to the text of the prepared remarks seen by Reuters.	1
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilisation," Powell said, according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters.	The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilisation, according to Powell's remarks, according to the text of prepared remarks seen by Reuters.	1
The conflict centers on a proposal to change a French unemployment fund for artists that takes into account their downtime between shows.	The conflict centers on the proposal to amend a French unemployment fund for artists that takes into account their downtime between shows.	1
The two are not related, but have referred to each other as father and son.	The two are not related, but have been called father and son.	1
The two are not related, but have referred to each other as father and son.	The two are not related but they have referred to each other as father and son.	1
The two are not related, but have referred to each other as father and son.	The two are not related but have referred to each other as father and son.	1
The two are not related, but have referred to each other as father and son.	The two are not related, but have referred each other as father and son.	1
The two are not related, but have referred to each other as father and son.	They are not related, but have referred to each other as father and son.	1
"I will pass on to him [Mr. Cheney] that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy," Mr. Klein said Sunday.	"I will pass on to Mr. Cheney that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy," Mr. Klein said Sunday.	1
"I will pass on to him [Mr. Cheney] that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy," Mr. Klein said Sunday.	"I will pass on to him [Mr. Cheney] that Canada remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy," Mr. Klein said Sunday.	1
"I will pass on to him [Mr. Cheney] that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy," Mr. Klein said Sunday.	"I will pass on to him [Mr. Cheney] that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy," Mr. Klein said on Sunday.	1
"I will pass on to him [Mr. Cheney] that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy," Mr. Klein said Sunday.	"I will pass on to Mr. Cheney that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy," Mr. Klein said on Sunday.	1
"I will pass on to him [Mr. Cheney] that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy," Mr. Klein said Sunday.	I will pass on to him [Mr. Cheney] that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy," Mr. Klein said Sunday.	1
"I will pass on to him [Mr. Cheney] that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy," Mr. Klein said Sunday.	I will pass on to him [Mr. Cheney] that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy," Mr. Klein said on Sunday.	1
"I will pass on to him [Mr. Cheney] that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy," Mr. Klein said Sunday.	I will pass on to Mr. Cheney that Canada still remains a safe, secure and reliable supply of energy," Mr. Klein said Sunday.	1
"It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self interest through cooperation with others."	"It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self interest through cooperation with others. "	1
"It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self interest through cooperation with others."	It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self interest through cooperation with others."	1
Adolescent specialist Dr Michael Cohen, who worked on the study, said doctors had treated eight-year-old children with anorexia - and that he had once treated a four-year-old boy.	Adolescent specialist Dr Michael Cohen, who worked on the study, said doctors had treated 8-year-old children with anorexia - and that he had once treated a four-year-old boy.	1
Adolescent specialist Dr Michael Cohen, who worked on the study, said doctors had treated eight-year-old children with anorexia - and that he had once treated a four-year-old boy.	Children and adolescents specialist Dr Michael Cohen, who worked on the study, said doctors had treated eight-year-old children with anorexia - and that he had once treated a four-year-old boy.	1
Adolescent specialist Dr Michael Cohen, who worked on the study, said doctors had treated eight-year-old children with anorexia - and that he had once treated a four-year-old boy.	Adolescent specialist Dr Michael Cohen, who worked on the study, said doctors had treated eight-year-old children with anorexia - and that he had treated a four-year-old boy.	1
"It's obvious I'm not riding as well as years past," Armstrong said at a news conference.	"It's clear I'm not riding as well as years past," Armstrong said at a news conference.	1
All those infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs.	All infected had recently close contact with prairie dogs.	1
All those infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs.	All of those infected had recently close contact with prairie dogs.	1
All those infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs.	All of those infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs.	1
All those infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs.	All those infected had recently close contact with prairie dogs.	1
All those infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs.	All the infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs.	1
All those infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs.	All those infected had recent close contact with a prairie dog.	1
All those infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs.	All those infected had recently close contact with a prairie dog.	1
All those infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs.	All of the infected had recently close contact with prairie dogs.	1
All those infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs.	All of the infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs.	1
All those infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs.	All the people infected had recently close contact with prairie dogs.	1
At a news conference on Staten Island, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf announced she would be taking over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy.	At a news conference in Staten Island, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf announced she would be taking over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy.	1
At a news conference on Staten Island, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf announced she would be taking over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy.	At a news conference in Staten Island, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf announced she would be taking over the investigation from District Attorney William Murphy.	1
At a news conference on Staten Island, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf announced she would be taking over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy.	In a press conference in Staten Island, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf announced that she would be taking over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy.	1
At a news conference on Staten Island, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf announced she would be taking over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy.	In a news conference on Staten Island, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf announced she would be taking over the investigation from District Attorney William Murphy.	1
At a news conference on Staten Island, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf announced she would be taking over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy.	At a news conference on Staten Island, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf announced she would be taking over the investigation from District Attorney William Murphy.	1
At a news conference on Staten Island, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf announced she would be taking over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy.	In a news conference in Staten Island, U.S. Attorney Roslynn Mauskopf announced she would be taking over the probe from District Attorney William Murphy.	1
"When I talked to him last time, did I think that was the end-all - one conversation with somebody?	When I talk to him the last time, did I think that was the end-all - one conversation with somebody?	1
"When I talked to him last time, did I think that was the end-all - one conversation with somebody?	When I talked to him last time, did I think that was the end-all - one conversation with somebody?	1
"When I talked to him last time, did I think that was the end-all - one conversation with somebody?	When I spoke with him last time, did I think that was the end-all - one conversation with somebody?	1
"When I talked to him last time, did I think that was the end-all - one conversation with somebody?	When I talked to him last time did I think that was the end-all - one conversation with somebody?	1
"When I talked to him last time, did I think that was the end-all - one conversation with somebody?	When I spoke to him last time, did I think that was the end-all - one conversation with somebody?	1
"When I talked to him last time, did I think that was the end-all - one conversation with somebody?	When I talked to him last time, did I think that was the end-all - one conversation with someone?	1
The case had consolidated numerous class action suits filed against Rambus in 2001.	In fact the case had consolidated several class action suits filed against Rambus in 2001.	1
The case had consolidated numerous class action suits filed against Rambus in 2001.	Is case had consolidated numerous class action suits filed against Rambus in 2001.	1
The case had consolidated numerous class action suits filed against Rambus in 2001.	This case has consolidated numerous class action lawsuits filed against Rambus in 2001.	1
Gibson said last month in a press statement that "neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic.	Gibson said last month in a press statement that "neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic."	1
Gibson said last month in a press statement that "neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic.	Gibson said in a press statement last month that "neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic."	1
Gibson said last month in a press statement that "neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic.	Gibson said last month in a press statement that "neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic".	1
Gibson said last month in a press statement that "neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic.	Gibson said last month in a press statement that neither "Neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic.	1
Gibson said last month in a press statement that "neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic.	Gibson said last month in a press statement that "neither I nor my film are anti-Semitic.'	1
The MTA had argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated at different times ranged from less than $1 billion to $2.8 billion.	The MTA had argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated at different times ranged from less than $1 billion to 2.8 billion.	1
The MTA had argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated at different times ranged from less than $1 billion to $2.8 billion.	The MTA argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated at different times ranged from less than $1 billion to $2.8 billion.	1
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates.	The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the patches.	1
By 2040, the county's population is expected to be 985,066, compared to the 2000 population of 860,454.	By 2040, the county's population is projected to be 985,066, compared to the 2000 population of 860,454.	1
By 2040, the county's population is expected to be 985,066, compared to the 2000 population of 860,454.	In 2040, the county's population is expected to be 985,066, compared to the 2000 population of 860,454.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	The Dow Jones industrial average ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	The Dow Jones industrial average.DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average.DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	Dow Jones Industrial Average.DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	Did the Dow Jones Industrial Average (.DJI) end up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data?	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	Dow Jones Industrial Average ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	The Dow Jones industrial average (.DJI) ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	According to the latest available data, the Dow Jones Industrial Average.DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest data.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	Dow Jones industrial average.DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	Dow Jones industrial average ended up 64.64 points, or 0.71 percent, at 9,191.09, according to the latest available data.	1
The vote came just two days after Kurds swept City Council elections, taking the largest single block of votes on the 30-seat council.	The vote came just two days after Kurds swept the City Council election, taking the largest single block of votes on the 30-seat council.	1
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.	Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislative pending in Congress.	1
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.	Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the bill pending in Congress.	1
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.	Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who may be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.	1
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.	Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the bills pending in Congress.	1
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, whose country holds the rotating EU presidency, said he was prepared to call another meeting of leaders next month.	Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi - who holds the rotating EU presidency - said he was prepared to call a meeting of EU leaders next month.	1
But Islamic Jihad's main leadership in the Gaza Strip disowned the bombing, saying the group was still committed to the ceasefire.	But Islamic Jihad's leadership in the Gaza Strip disowned the bombing, saying they were still committed to the ceasefire.	1
Cox said state police would still help his office in the investigation, but Sturdivant would not be involved.	Cox said state police would still help his office in the investigation but Sturdivant would not be involved.	1
Cox said state police would still help his office in the investigation, but Sturdivant would not be involved.	Cox said state police would still help his office in the investigation but Sturdivant would not be involved in the investigation.	1
Cox said state police would still help his office in the investigation, but Sturdivant would not be involved.	Cox said state police would still help his office in the investigation, but Sturdivant would not be involved in the investigation.	1
The skull is then punctured, the brain suctioned out, and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal.	The skull is punctured, the brain suctioned out, and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal.	1
The skull is then punctured, the brain suctioned out, and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal.	The skull is punctured, and the brain suctioned out. That causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal.	1
The skull is then punctured, the brain suctioned out, and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal.	When the skull is punctured and the brain suctioned out, and that causes the skull to collapse, so it can be removed from the birth canal.	1
The skull is then punctured, the brain suctioned out, and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal.	If the skull has been punctured, the brain is suctioned out and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal.	1
The skull is then punctured, the brain suctioned out, and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal.	After puncturing the skull, the brain is suctioned out, and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal.	1
"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant," Mackey hammered triumphantly.	"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not Mr. Bryant," Mackey hammered triumphantly.	1
"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant," Mackey hammered triumphantly.	"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties, with someone else's sperm and semen in them, not that of Mr. Bryant," Mackey hammered triumphantly.	1
"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant," Mackey hammered triumphantly.	"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else's sperm and semen in them, not that of Mr. Bryant," Mackey hammered triumphantly.	1
"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant," Mackey hammered triumphantly.	The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties with somebody else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant, Mackey hammered triumphantly.	1
"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant," Mackey hammered triumphantly.	"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties, with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant," Mackey hammered triumphantly.	1
"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant," Mackey hammered triumphantly.	"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant," Mackey hammered triumphantly.	1
"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant," Mackey hammered triumphantly.	The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else's sperm and semen in them, not that of Mr. Bryant," Mackey hammered triumphantly.	1
"The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant," Mackey hammered triumphantly.	The accuser arrived at the hospital wearing yellow knit panties - with someone else's semen and sperm in them, not that of Mr. Bryant," Mackey hammered triumphantly.	1
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.	Shinseki retires on Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.	1
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.	Shinseki retires Wednesday after 38-year career including combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.	1
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.	Shinseki will retire Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.	1
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.	Shinseki retired Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.	1
Tornadoes, up to a foot of rain and hail as big as cantaloupes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing one man and destroying at least four homes.	What happened: Tornadoes, up to a foot of rain and hail as big as cantaloupes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing one man and destroying at least four homes.	1
Tornadoes, up to a foot of rain and hail as big as cantaloupes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing one man and destroying at least four homes.	A tornado, up to a foot of rain and hail as big as cantaloupes, pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing one man and destroying at least four homes.	1
Tornadoes, up to a foot of rain and hail as big as cantaloupes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing one man and destroying at least four homes.	Tornadoes, up to a foot of rain and hail as big as cantaloupes, pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing one man and destroying at least four homes.	1
Tornadoes, up to a foot of rain and hail as big as cantaloupes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing one man and destroying at least four homes.	In Nebraska and Kansas, tornadoes, up to a foot of rain and hail as big as cantaloupes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing one man and destroying at least four homes.	1
Tornadoes, up to a foot of rain and hail as big as cantaloupes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing one man and destroying at least four homes.	The tornadoes, up to a foot of rain and hail as big as cantaloupes pounded southern Nebraska and northern Kansas, killing one man and destroying at least four homes.	1
Large swells and dangerous surf already were being felt along sections of the coast.	Large swells and dangerous surf were already being felt along sections of the coast.	1
Large swells and dangerous surf already were being felt along sections of the coast.	Large swells and dangerous surf were being felt along sections of the coast.	1
Large swells and dangerous surf already were being felt along sections of the coast.	There are large swells and dangerous surf already being felt along sections of the coast.	1
He said: "I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	"I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	1
He said: "I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	1
He said: "I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	He said: "I fear on this occasion what happened was that bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	1
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. AA.N to report earnings after the close.	Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa to report earnings after the close.	1
Duisenberg said in an interview with Bloomberg News' German television channel released earlier on Wednesday it was too early to discuss further interest rate cuts for the euro zone.	Duisenberg said in an interview with Bloomberg News' German television channel released earlier on Wednesday it was too early to discuss further interest rate cuts for the Eurozone.	1
The total number of new cases in China was fewer than 100 for the third day in a row.	China: The total number of new cases was fewer than 100 for the third day in a row.	1
The total number of new cases in China was fewer than 100 for the third day in a row.	The total number of new cases in China was less than 100 for the third day in a row.	1
The total number of new cases in China was fewer than 100 for the third day in a row.	China: The total number of new cases in China was less than 100 for the third day in a row.	1
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".	Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been" in this area.	1
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".	Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence that a body or bodies have been in this area".	1
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".	Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body" or bodies have been in this area.	1
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".	In his statement, det chief insp Norman McKinlay said there is "evidence a body has been in this area".	1
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".	Det chief insp Norman McKinlay said there is "evidence" that bodies have been in this area.	1
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".	Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence" a body or bodies had been in this area.	1
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".	In a statement, the Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".	1
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".	Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence" that a body or bodies have been in this area.	1
Det Chief Insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".	In a statement, det chief insp Norman McKinlay said there was "evidence a body or bodies have been in this area".	1
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.	Rosenthal declined to comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.	1
FCC Chairman Michael Powell said in a statement that the ruling would "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy."	FCC Chairman Michael Powell said in a statement that the decision would "throw a monkey wrench" into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy.	1
FCC Chairman Michael Powell said in a statement that the ruling would "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy."	FCC Chairman Michael Powell said in a statement that the decision would "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy."	1
FCC Chairman Michael Powell said in a statement that the ruling would "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy."	In a statement, FCC Chairman Michael Powell said that the decision would "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy."	1
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.	Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters that 40 people have been killed and more than 100 wounded.	1
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.	Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters that 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.	1
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.	Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.	1
It marked the fourth straight week and the ninth time this year that rates on this benchmark mortgage fell to an all-time weekly low.	It marked the fourth straight week and the ninth time in this year that rates on this benchmark mortgage fell to an all-time weekly low.	1
It marked the fourth straight week and the ninth time this year that rates on this benchmark mortgage fell to an all-time weekly low.	It marks the fourth straight week and the ninth time this year that rates on this benchmark mortgage fell to an all-time weekly low.	1
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	I still got a fighting chance, though" Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	1
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	I've got a fighting chance, though," hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	1
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	I have still got a fighting chance," hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	1
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to defeat Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	1
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	I still have a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	1
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	"I've got a fighting chance, though." Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	1
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	I've still got a fighting chance though," Hewitt said after battling to defeat Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	1
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	"I've still got a fighting chance, though", hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	1
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	I have still got a fighting chance " "Hewitt said after battling to defeat Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	1
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	I have a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	1
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.	Harris and Klebold both killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.	1
Harris and Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.	James Harris and Robert Klebold killed 12 students and a teacher before taking their own lives on April 20, 1999.	1
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.	He reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.	1
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.	He also reaffirmed his desire to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.	1
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.	He reaffirmed his desire to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.	1
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.	On this very point, he reaffirmed his desire to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.	1
He also reaffirmed his wish to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.	He also reiterated his desire to resolve the North Korean nuclear crisis peacefully.	1
Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people,'' he told the Associated Press.	"Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people,'' he told the Associated Press.	1
Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people,'' he told the Associated Press.	"First they moved into the mosque and started firing on the people inside,"'' he told The Associated Press.	1
Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people,'' he told the Associated Press.	''They opened fire inside the mosque and started firing on the people,'' he told the Associated Press.	1
Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people,'' he told the Associated Press.	"Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people", he told the Associated Press.	1
"Everything was decided in advance," said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok.	Everything was decided in advance, said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok.	1
"Everything was decided in advance," said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok.	Everything was decided in advance," said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok.	1
"Everything was decided in advance," said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok.	Everything was planned in advance, said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok.	1
"Everything was decided in advance," said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok.	"Everything was decided in advance" said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok.	1
"Everything was decided in advance," said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok.	Everything was decided in advance. "Everything was decided in advance," said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok.	1
"Everything was decided in advance," said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok.	"Everything was decided in advance", said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok.	1
"Everything was decided in advance," said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok.	All the things were done in advance, said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok.	1
"Everything was decided in advance," said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok.	What was decided in advance, said one of the men, Thierry Falise, a Belgian photographer, as he arrived in Bangkok.	1
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.	From a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.	1
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.	According to separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.	1
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.	According to a separate survey of household households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.	1
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.	According to a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.	1
Based on a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.	In a separate survey of households, the unemployment rate fell in August to 6.1 percent from 6.2 percent.	1
Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.	Likewise, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.	1
Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.	Similarly, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.	1
Likewise, the 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.	In the same vein, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR> slid 1-11/32 for a yield of 4.38 percent, up from 4.30 percent.	1
The company is in the early stages of testing the drug for rheumatoid arthritis.	Company is in the early stages of testing the drug for rheumatoid arthritis.	1
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.	Many relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.	1
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.	Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings but few Balinese attended the trial.	1
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.	Several family members of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.	1
Several relatives of Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.	Several relatives of the Australian victims of the attack were in court to witness the proceedings, but few Balinese attended the trial.	1
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slipped 16/32 in price, sending its yield to 4.48 percent from 4.42 percent late on Thursday.	The benchmark 10-year note US10YT =RR slipped 16/32 in price, sending its yield to 4.48 percent from 4.42 percent late on Thursday.	1
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slipped 16/32 in price, sending its yield to 4.48 percent from 4.42 percent late on Thursday.	Benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR has slipped 16/32 in price, sending its yield to 4.48 percent from 4.42 percent late on Thursday.	1
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.	The California Farm Bureau did not immediately respond to requests for comment.	1
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.	The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return a request for comment.	1
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.	The California Farm Bureau didn't immediately return calls seeking comment.	1
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads opened tighter overall on Tuesday, but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.	U.S. corporate bond yield spreads opened tighter overall on Tuesday, but tobacco companies bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.	1
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads opened tighter overall on Tuesday, but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.	Corporate bond yield spreads in the US opened tighter on Tuesday, but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.	1
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads opened tighter overall on Tuesday, but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.	In general, U.S. corporate bond yield spreads opened tighter overall on Tuesday, but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.	1
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads opened tighter overall on Tuesday, but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.	US corporate bond yield spreads opened tighter overall on Tuesday, but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.	1
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads opened tighter overall on Tuesday, but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.	As U.S. corporate bond yield spreads opened tighter overall on Tuesday, but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.	1
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads opened tighter overall on Tuesday, but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.	As of Tuesday, the U.S. corporate bond yield spreads opened tighter overall but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.	1
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads opened tighter overall on Tuesday, but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.	The U.S. corporate bond yield spread opened tighter overall on Tuesday, but tobacco company bonds widened significantly after an adverse legal ruling on Philip Morris USA.	1
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.	This package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.	1
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.	Those packages included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.	1
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.	A buyer can purchase a Windows and Office loaded desktop for $298 excluding taxes, the report said.	1
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.	The report says buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes.	1
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.	Can the buyer purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.	1
Not only is this the oldest known planet, it's also the most distant.	Not only is it the oldest known planet, it's also the most distant.	1
When asked where the weapons were, Rice said: ''This is a program that was built for concealment.	When asked where were the weapons, Rice said: ''This is a program that was built for concealment.''	1
When asked where the weapons were, Rice said: ''This is a program that was built for concealment.	When asked where were the weapons, Rice said, ''This is a program that was built for concealment.	1
They have been identified by the Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office as Melena's brother, Angel Melena, 25, and Narcisco Del Angel Lozano, 34.	The Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office has identified the two men as Melena's brother, Angel Melena, 25, and Narcisco Del Angel Lozano, 34.	1
They have been identified by the Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office as Melena's brother, Angel Melena, 25, and Narcisco Del Angel Lozano, 34.	They have been identified by the Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office as Melena's brother, Angel Melena, 25, and Narcisco de Angel Lozano, 34.	1
They have been identified by the Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office as Melena's brother, Angel Melena, 25, and Narcisco Del Angel Lozano, 34.	They have been identified by the Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office as Melena's brother, Angel Melena, 25 and Narcisco Del Angel Lozano, 34.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	United Nations inspectors have detected highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, raising concerns about the possibility of the country having a secret nuclear weapon program.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	U.N. inspectors have found traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening concerns that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	UN inspectors have found traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening concerns that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	U.N. inspectors found traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening concerns that Iran may have a secret nuclear weapon program.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	United Nations inspectors discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	U.N. inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapon program.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	U.N. inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening fears that the country may have a secret nuclear weapon program.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening concerns that the country may have a secret nuclear weapon program.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	The United Nations has found traces of highly enriched uranium near a nuclear facility, raising fears that Iran may have a secret nuclear weapon program.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	U.N. inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening concerns that Iran may have a secret nuclear weapon program.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that Iran may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	U.N. inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	1
Nelson had received a technical foul with 2:46 to go in the first quarter.	Nelson had a technical foul with 2:46 left in the first quarter.	1
Nelson had received a technical foul with 2:46 to go in the first quarter.	Nelson received a technical foul with 2:46 to go in the first quarter.	1
Nelson had received a technical foul with 2:46 to go in the first quarter.	With 2:46 to go in the first quarter, Nelson received a technical foul.	1
Nelson had received a technical foul with 2:46 to go in the first quarter.	Nelson had a technical foul with 2:46 to go in the first quarter.	1
Nelson had received a technical foul with 2:46 to go in the first quarter.	With 2:46 to go in the first quarter, Nelson had a technical foul.	1
Nelson had received a technical foul with 2:46 to go in the first quarter.	Nelson received a technical foul with 2:46 left in the first quarter.	1
Nelson had received a technical foul with 2:46 to go in the first quarter.	With 2:46 to go in the first quarter, Nelson had received a technical foul.	1
Nelson had received a technical foul with 2:46 to go in the first quarter.	With 2:46 left in the first quarter, Nelson had received a technical foul.	1
Dynes will get $395,000 a year, an increase over Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.	Dynes will get $395k in a year, an increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400.	1
Dynes will get $395,000 a year, an increase over Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.	Dynes will get $395,000 a year, an increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400.	1
Dynes will get $395,000 a year, an increase over Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.	Dynes will get $395,000 a year, an increase over Atkinson's salary of $331,400.	1
Dynes will get $395,000 a year, an increase over Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.	Dynes gets 395,000 a year, an increase over Atkinson's salary of $361,400.	1
Dynes will get $395,000 a year, an increase over Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.	Dynes will get 395,000 a year, an increase over Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.	1
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.	Shares of Coke closed Thursday at $44.01 in the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.	Shares of Coke closed Thursday at $44.01 in New York stock exchange trading.	1
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.	Shares of Coke closed the New York Stock Exchange Thursday at $44.01.	1
Predictions ranged from 16 cents a share to 27 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.	Thomson First Call: Predictions ranged from 16 cents a share to 27 cents a share, according to Thomson.	1
Full classes of 48 are booked through September, he said, and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January.	Full classes of 48 are booked through September, he said, and Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January.	1
Full classes of 48 are booked through September, he said, and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January.	The full classes of 48 are booked through September, he said, and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January, he said.	1
Full classes of 48 are booked through September, he said, and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January.	Full class of 48 is booked through September, he said, and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January.	1
Full classes of 48 are booked through September, he said, and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January.	The Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January. Full classes of 48 are booked through September, he said.	1
Full classes of 48 are booked through September, he said, and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January.	Full class of 48 are booked through September, he said, and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January.	1
Full classes of 48 are booked through September, he said, and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January.	Full class of 48 are booked through September, he said, and Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January.	1
Full classes of 48 are booked through September, he said, and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January.	Full classes of 48 are booked through September, he said, and the Transportation Security Administration plans to double its classes in January, he said.	1
A federal judge ruled that the monument violated the law and ordered it removed.	A federal judge ruled that the monument violated the law and ordered it to be removed.	1
Sovereign's shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.	Sovereign shares lost 74 cents, or 4.5%, to $15.68.	1
Other recommendations included a special counsel on oceans in the White House, creation of regional ocean ecosystem councils and a national system to protect marine reserves.	Other recommendations included creating a special counsel for oceans in the White House, creation of regional ocean ecosystem councils and a national system to protect marine reserves.	1
Other recommendations included a special counsel on oceans in the White House, creation of regional ocean ecosystem councils and a national system to protect marine reserves.	Other suggestions included the creation of a special counsel on oceans in the White House, creation of regional ocean ecosystem councils and a national system to protect marine reserves.	1
"We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition."	We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition."	1
"We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition."	"We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition.	1
"We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition."	We will work with the Board to ensure a smooth transition."	1
"We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition."	We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition.	1
"We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition."	I am working with the board to ensure a smooth transition."	1
"We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition."	"We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition. "	1
"We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition."	"We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition. We will work with the board to ensure a smooth transition."	1
During the fiscal second quarter, Cisco earned $991 million, or 14 cents a share, on sales of $4.7 billion.	In the fiscal second quarter, Cisco earned $991 million, or 14 cents a share, on sales of $4.7 billion.	1
The appeals court hearing comes at a sensitive time for Microsoft.	The Microsoft appeals court hearing comes at a sensitive time for Microsoft.	1
The remains of three illegal immigrants were found Tuesday in a sweltering railroad car after fellow immigrants escaped and left behind their weakened companions.	The remains of three illegal immigrants were found in a sweltering railroad car Tuesday after fellow immigrants escaped and left behind their weakened companions.	1
Gasps could be heard in the courtroom when the photo was displayed.	Gasps were heard in the courtroom when the photo was displayed.	1
Sir Wilfred Thesiger, traveller, writer, and one of the last solitary explorers of a shrinking planet, has died aged 93.	Sir Wilfred Thesiger, a traveller, writer, and one of the last solitary explorers of a shrinking planet, has died aged 93.	1
Sir Wilfred Thesiger, traveller, writer, and one of the last solitary explorers of a shrinking planet, has died aged 93.	Sir Wilfred Thesiger, a traveller, writer and one of the last solitary explorers of a shrinking planet, has died aged 93.	1
"Arifin has disclosed to the I.S.D. that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand," the statement said.	"Arifin has disclosed to the I.S.D. that he is involved with a group of like minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand," the statement said.	1
"Arifin has disclosed to the I.S.D. that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand," the statement said.	Aarifin has revealed to the I.S.D that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand," the statement said.	1
"Arifin has disclosed to the I.S.D. that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand," the statement said.	Has Arifin disclosed to the I.S.D. that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand," the statement said.	1
"Arifin has disclosed to the I.S.D. that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand," the statement said.	Arifin has disclosed to the I.S.D. that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand," the statement said.	1
An amendment by Rep. Ellen Tauscher of California to create a special committee to investigate Iraq intelligence failures was rejected on procedural grounds.	Legislative proposal by Rep. Ellen Tauscher of California would create a special committee to investigate Iraq intelligence failures was rejected on procedural grounds.	1
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Intel said it had updated its investors midway through the quarter and that business was proceeding exactly as planned.	1
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Intel Corporation updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	1
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Intel has updated its investor midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	1
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Intel, Inc., added investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	1
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Intel said it had updated investors midway through the quarter and that business was proceeding exactly as planned.	1
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Intel issued an update to investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	1
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Intel has updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	1
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Intel is providing an update to investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	1
"The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber in to the U.S. market," Rusty Wood, chairman of the coalition, said in a release.	NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber into the U.S. market, Rusty Wood, chairman of the coalition said in a release.	1
"The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber in to the U.S. market," Rusty Wood, chairman of the coalition, said in a release.	"The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber in to the U.S. market", Rusty Wood, chairman of the coalition, said in a release.	1
"The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber in to the U.S. market," Rusty Wood, chairman of the coalition, said in a release.	"The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber into the U.S." Rusty Wood, chairman of the coalition, said in a release.	1
"The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber in to the U.S. market," Rusty Wood, chairman of the coalition, said in a release.	"The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber in to the U.S." Rusty Wood, chairman of the coalition, said in a release.	1
"The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber in to the U.S. market," Rusty Wood, chairman of the coalition, said in a release.	'NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber in to the U.S. market,' Rusty Wood, chairman of the coalition, said in a release.	1
"No data exists to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern."	No data exists to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern.	1
"No data exists to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern."	No data exists to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern."	1
"No data exists to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern."	No data exists to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern. "	1
"No data exists to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern."	No data exist to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern."	1
Doctors have advised that the boy get chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	Doctors have advised that Parker gets chemotherapy, but Daren Jensen and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	1
Doctors have advised that the boy get chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	Doctors have advised that Parker be given chemotherapy but Daren Jensen and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	1
Doctors have advised that the boy get chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	Drs have advised that the boy get chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	1
Doctors have advised that the boy get chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	Doctors have advised that the boy get chemotherapy but Daren Jensen and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	1
Doctors have advised that the boy get chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	Doctors have advised that Parker get chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	1
Doctors have advised that the boy get chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	Doctors have advised that Parker gets chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	1
Doctors have advised that the boy get chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	Doctors have advised that Parker receive chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	1
IAAF council member Jose Maria Odriozola said Drummond should be excluded from the championships.	IAAF council member Jose Maria Odriozola said Drummond should be excluded from championships.	1
IAAF council member Jose Maria Odriozola said Drummond should be excluded from the championships.	IAAF Council member Jose Maria Odriozola said Drummond should be excluded from championships.	1
Combined, the companies will have about $2.8 billion in annual revenues, 13,000 employees and more than 11,000 customers in 150 countries.	The companies will have about $2.8 billion in annual revenues, 13,000 employees and more than 11,000 customers in 150 countries.	1
Combined, the companies will have about $2.8 billion in annual revenues, 13,000 employees and more than 11,000 customers in 150 countries.	Combined, the companies will have about $2.8 billion in annual revenue, 13,000 employees and more than 11,000 customers in 150 countries.	1
As a teen, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy, nearly killing him, for no apparent reason.	As a teen, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy nearly killing him, for no apparent reason.	1
As a teen, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy, nearly killing him, for no apparent reason.	As a teenager, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy, nearly killing him, for no apparent reason.	1
As a teen, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy, nearly killing him, for no apparent reason.	As a teenager, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy nearly killing him, for no apparent reason.	1
As a teen, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy, nearly killing him, for no apparent reason.	As a teen, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy, almost killing him, for no apparent reason.	1
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts leaked yesterday.	For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, according to extracts leaked yesterday.	1
Labor Department analysts think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.	Labor Department analyst think the payroll statistics from the survey of businesses provide a more accurate picture of the economy because the survey figures are based on a larger sample.	1
Only 66 years old, Brooks was killed on Monday, Aug. 11, 2003 in an automobile accident in his native Minnesota.	At only 66 years old, Brooks died on Monday, Aug. 11, 2003 in an automobile accident in his native Minnesota.	1
Only 66 years old, Brooks was killed on Monday, Aug. 11, 2003 in an automobile accident in his native Minnesota.	Just 66 years old, Brooks was killed on Monday, Aug. 11, 2003 in an automobile accident in his native Minnesota.	1
Only 66 years old, Brooks was killed on Monday, Aug. 11, 2003 in an automobile accident in his native Minnesota.	Brooks, 66, was killed in an automobile accident on Monday, Aug. 11, 2003 in his native Minnesota.	1
Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.	Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup chairman.	1
Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.	Prince will replace Sandy Weill, who will remain Citigroup chairman.	1
Prince is replacing Sanford "Sandy" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman.	Prince is replacing Sandy Weill, who will remain Citigroup chairman.	1
Gilead had earnings of $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with $20.8 million, or 10 cents, in the year-ago quarter.	Gilead reported earnings of $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with $20.8 million, or 10 cents, in the year-ago quarter.	1
Gilead had earnings of $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with $20.8 million, or 10 cents, in the year-ago quarter.	Gilead has earnings of $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with $20.8 million, or 10 cents, in the year-ago quarter.	1
Gilead had earnings of $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with $20.8 million, or 10 cents, in the year-ago quarter.	Gilead reported 73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with $20.8 million, or 10 cents, in the year-ago quarter.	1
Gilead had earnings of $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with $20.8 million, or 10 cents, in the year-ago quarter.	Gilead had revenue of $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with $20.8 million, or 10 cents, in the year-ago quarter.	1
Gilead had earnings of $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with $20.8 million, or 10 cents, in the year-ago quarter.	Gilead reported revenue of $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with $20.8 million, or 10 cents, in the year-ago quarter.	1
Gilead had earnings of $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with $20.8 million, or 10 cents, in the year-ago quarter.	Gilead reported profit of $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with $20.8 million, or 10 cents, in the year-ago quarter.	1
Gilead had earnings of $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with $20.8 million, or 10 cents, in the year-ago quarter.	Gilead reported a profit of $73.1 million, or 33 cents a share, compared with $20.8 million, or 10 cents, in the year-ago quarter.	1
Mohcine Douali, who lives in the centre of Algiers, said: "It was a great shock.	Mohcine Douali, who lives in the centre of Algiers, said: "It was a great shock. "	1
Mohcine Douali, who lives in the centre of Algiers, said: "It was a great shock.	Mohcine Douali, who lives in the centre of Algiers, said: "It was a great shock."	1
Mohcine Douali, who lives in the centre of Algiers, said: "It was a great shock.	Mohcine Douali, who lives in the centre of Algiers, said: "It was a shock."	1
Mohcine Douali, who lives in the centre of Algiers, said: "It was a great shock.	Mohcine Douali, who lives in the centre of Algiers, said: "It was a shock. It was a great shock."	1
Mohcine Douali, who lives in the centre of Algiers, said: "It was a great shock.	Mohcine Douali, who lives in the centre of Algiers, said: "It was a great shock. It was a great shock.	1
"But the First Amendment does not shield fraud," Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court.	The First Amendment does not shield the fraud, Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court.	1
"But the First Amendment does not shield fraud," Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court.	So this first amendment doesn't shield fraud, as Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court.	1
Whether it works out, timewise, that I can march with all four ... we'll see what happens," he said.	If it works out, timewise, that I can march with all four... we'll see what happens," he said.	1
"The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying (a rate rise) that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds," Mr Macfarlane said.	"The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying (a rate rise) that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds," said Mr Macfarlane.	1
"The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying (a rate rise) that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds," Mr Macfarlane said.	The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying (a rate rise) that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds," Mr Macfarlane said.	1
"The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying (a rate rise) that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds," Mr Macfarlane said.	"The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying (a rate rise) that is called for on macroeconomic grounds," said Mr Macfarlane.	1
"The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying (a rate rise) that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds," Mr Macfarlane said.	"The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying (a rate rise) that is called for on macroeconomic grounds," Mr Macfarlane said.	1
"The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying (a rate rise) that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds," Mr Macfarlane said.	The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying (a rate rise) that is called for on macroeconomic grounds," Mr Macfarlane said.	1
"The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying (a rate rise) that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds," Mr Macfarlane said.	The strength of demand for credit increases the danger associated with delaying (a rate rise) that is called for on general macroeconomic grounds, Mr Macfarlane said.	1
But while the prime minister's trial judders to a halt, his co-defendants in the same case are not protected.	While the prime minister's trial judders to a halt, his co-defendants in the same case are not protected.	1
But while the prime minister's trial judders to a halt, his co-defendants in the same case are not protected.	So while the prime minister's trial judders to a halt, his co-defendants in the same case are not protected.	1
Since it was launched, the SiteFinder service has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority.	Since Sitefinder was launched, it has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say VeriSign has overstepped its authority.	1
Since it was launched, the SiteFinder service has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority.	Since it was launched, SiteFinder has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that Verisign has overstepped its authority.	1
Since it was launched, the SiteFinder service has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority.	Since the SiteFinder service launched, it has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say VeriSign has overstepped its authority.	1
Since it was launched, the SiteFinder service has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority.	Since its launch, the SiteFinder service has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority.	1
Since it was launched, the SiteFinder service has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority.	Since the sitefinder service was launched, it has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority.	1
Since it was launched, the SiteFinder service has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority.	Since its launch, SiteFinder has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority.	1
Since it was launched, the SiteFinder service has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority.	Since SiteFinder was launched, it has come under increasing criticism from users and analysts who say that VeriSign has overstepped its authority.	1
His 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25.	He was found abandoned in a Virginia Beach, Va., parking lot June 25. He was driving a 1996 Chevrolet Tahoe.	1
Without comment, the court declined to hear suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore's appeals.	The court declined to hear suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore's appeals without comment.	1
Without comment, the court declined to hear suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore's appeals.	With no comment, the court declined to hear suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore's appeals.	1
"I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention to win," Woods said.	I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention to win," Woods said.	1
"I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention to win," Woods said.	"I had a bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention to win" Woods said.	1
"I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention to win," Woods said.	"I had a bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention to win," Woods said.	1
"I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention to win," Woods said.	I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention to win the title," Woods said.	1
"I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention to win," Woods said.	Woods: "I had one bad stretch of holes that put me out of contention to win," Woods said.	1
Former chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	Former chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi has pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	1
Former chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	Former chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5, and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	1
Former chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	Franklyn M. Bergonzi, former chief financial officer, pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	1
Former chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	Former Chief Financial Officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5, and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	1
Former chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	Franklyn Bergonzi, former Chief Financial Officer, pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	1
Former chief financial officer Franklyn M. Bergonzi pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5 and agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	Franklyn Bergonzi, former chief financial officer, pleaded guilty to one count of conspiracy on June 5. She agreed to cooperate with prosecutors.	1
The Modesto Bee and NBC were notified their calls had been intercepted, Goold said.	Both NBC and the Modesto Bee were notified their call had been intercepted, Goold said.	1
The Modesto Bee and NBC were notified their calls had been intercepted, Goold said.	When NBC and the Modesto Bee were notified their calls had been intercepted, Goold said.	1
The Modesto Bee and NBC were notified their calls had been intercepted, Goold said.	Both The Modesto Bee and NBC were notified their calls had been intercepted, Goold said.	1
My view is these al-Qaeda terrorists - and I believe it was al-Qaeda - would prefer to have many such events."	I believe that these al-Qaeda terrorists - and I believe it was Al-Qaeda - would prefer to have many such events."	1
My view is these al-Qaeda terrorists - and I believe it was al-Qaeda - would prefer to have many such events."	My view is these al-Qaeda terrorists - and I believe it was al-Qaeda - would prefer to have many such events. "	1
My view is these al-Qaeda terrorists - and I believe it was al-Qaeda - would prefer to have many such events."	I see these al-Qaeda terrorists - and I believe it was al-Qaeda - would prefer to have many such events."	1
Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who did not like Blacks.	Steverson said Williams was racist and didn't like black people.	1
Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who did not like Blacks.	Steverson said Williams was a racist who did not like Blacks.	1
Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who did not like Blacks.	Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who didn't like Blacks.	1
Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who did not like Blacks.	Steverson said Williams was known as racist who did not like Black people.	1
Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who did not like Blacks.	Steverson said Williams was known as racist who didn't like Blacks.	1
Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who did not like Blacks.	Steverson said Williams was a racist who did not like Black people.	1
Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who did not like Blacks.	Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who didn't like black people.	1
Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who did not like Blacks.	Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who did not like black people.	1
Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who did not like Blacks.	Steverson said Williams was a racist who did not like blacks.	1
Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad today after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.	Iraqi police opened fire in downtown Baghdad after demonstrators stormed a police station demanding they be given jobs they claimed to have paid bribes for.	1
The court's 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.	In its 1992 ruling, the court reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.	1
The court's 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.	The 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.	1
The court's 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.	In its 1992 decision, the court reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.	1
The court's 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.	The court's decision in 1992 reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.	1
The court's 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.	In 1992, the court reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.	1
The court's 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.	In a 1992 decision, the Court reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.	1
The court's 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.	The court's decision of 1992 reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.	1
The court's 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.	In the end, the court's 1992 decision reaffirmed the basic findings of Roe protecting abortion choice but lessened the standards of protection guaranteed to women by Roe.	1
The latest quarter's profit was a penny above of the average estimate as compiled by Thomson First Call.	The latest quarter's profit was a penny over the average estimate as compiled by Thomson First Call.	1
The latest quarter's profit was a penny above of the average estimate as compiled by Thomson First Call.	The latest quarter's profit was a penny over of the average estimate as compiled by Thomson First Call.	1
The latest quarter's profit was a penny above of the average estimate as compiled by Thomson First Call.	The latest quarter's profit was a penny above the average estimate as compiled by Thomson First Call.	1
More than 60 percent of the company's 1,000 employees were killed in the attack.	At the end of the day, more than 60 percent of the company's 1,000 employees were killed in the attack.	1
More than 60 percent of the company's 1,000 employees were killed in the attack.	More than 60% of the company's 1,000 employees were killed in the attack.	1
More than 60 percent of the company's 1,000 employees were killed in the attack.	Over 60 percent of the company's 1,000 employees were killed in the attack.	1
Only two bidders of the six have expressed interest in the whole pie - oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr.	Only two bidders of the six have expressed interest in the pie - oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr.	1
Only two bidders of the six have expressed interest in the whole pie - oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr.	Only two bidders of six have expressed interest in the pie - oil tycoon Marvin Davis and seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr.	1
Bush also said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not make a determination on the bill for a few more weeks.	Bush has said he will meet with scientists and legal experts and will not make a decision on the bill for a few more weeks.	1
Bush also said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not make a determination on the bill for a few more weeks.	Bush has also said he will meet with scientists and legal experts, and will not make a decision on the bill for a few more weeks.	1
Bush also said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not make a determination on the bill for a few more weeks.	Bush also said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and won't make a determination on the bill for a few more weeks.	1
But U.S. administration officials moved to talk down Snow's impact on currencies, saying his comments were not reflective of Washington's policy and were merely an observation about the economy.	But US administration officials moved to talk down Snow's impact on currencies, saying his comments were not reflective of Washington's policy and were merely an observation about the economy.	1
However, one subset of women — those on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy — appeared to show improvement in survival.	One subset of women — those on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy — appeared to show improvement in survival.	1
Intel’s Xeon surpassed HP’s PA-RISC to become the most often used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.	Intel's Xeon surpassed HP's PA-RISC to become the most frequently used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.	1
Intel’s Xeon surpassed HP’s PA-RISC to become the most often used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.	Intel’s Xeon surpassed HP’s PA-RISC to become the most commonly used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.	1
Intel’s Xeon surpassed HP’s PA-RISC to become the most often used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.	Intel's Xeon surpassed HP's PA-RISC to become the most often used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.	1
Intel’s Xeon surpassed HP’s PA-RISC to become the most often used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.	Intel’s Xeon beat HP’s PA-RISC to become the most often used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.	1
Intel’s Xeon surpassed HP’s PA-RISC to become the most often used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.	Intel’s Xeon overcame HP’s PA-RISC to become the most frequently used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.	1
Intel’s Xeon surpassed HP’s PA-RISC to become the most often used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.	Intel's Xeon surpassed HP's PA-RISC to become the most commonly used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.	1
Intel’s Xeon surpassed HP’s PA-RISC to become the most often used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.	Intel's Xeon surpassed HP's PA-RISC to become the most used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.	1
Intel’s Xeon surpassed HP’s PA-RISC to become the most often used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.	Intel’s Xeon surpassed HP’s PA-RISC to become the most frequently used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.	1
"We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff's claims," Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said.	The court dismissed the large majority of the plaintiff's claims. "We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of plaintiff's claims," Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said.	1
"We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff's claims," Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said.	"We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of plaintiff's claims," Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said.	1
"We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff's claims," Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said.	We are pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff's claims," Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said.	1
"We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff's claims," Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said.	We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff's claims," Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said.	1
UBS Warburg downgraded Altria, a Dow member, to "neutral" from "buy," based on valuation.	UBS Warburg downgraded Altria, a Dow member, to "neutral" from "buy" based on valuation.	1
A postal distribution center where four anthrax-laced letters passed through two years ago was fumigated with chlorine dioxide gas as crews wound up the decontamination process this weekend.	The postal distribution center where four anthrax-laced letters passed through two years ago was fumigated with chlorine dioxide gas as crews wound up the decontamination process this weekend.	1
A postal distribution center where four anthrax-laced letters passed through two years ago was fumigated with chlorine dioxide gas as crews wound up the decontamination process this weekend.	Anthrax-laced letters passed through a postal distribution center where four anthrax-laced letters passed through two years ago was fumigated with chlorine dioxide gas as crews wound up the decontamination process this weekend.	1
A postal distribution center where four anthrax-laced letters passed through two years ago was fumigated with chlorine dioxide gas as crews wound up the decontamination process this weekend.	What was happening to the postal distribution center where four anthrax-laced letters passed through two years ago was fumigated with chlorine dioxide gas as crews wound up the decontamination process this weekend.	1
The American military's task is to provide the security in the meantime.	The mission of the American military is to provide security in the meantime.	1
The American military's task is to provide the security in the meantime.	The task of the American military is to provide the security in the meantime.	1
The American military's task is to provide the security in the meantime.	Currently, The American military has to provide the security in the meantime.	1
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.	Price: The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.	1
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.	For $89.99, the A920 also has a copier, a scanner and a printer.	1
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.	This A920 printer is $89. It comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.	1
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.	The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89. The A920 is compatible with printers and scanners.	1
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.	The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89. The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.	1
The FTC has asked the court to suspend its decision while the agency appeals.	The FTC has asked the court to suspend its decision while it appeals its decision.	1
The FTC has asked the court to suspend its decision while the agency appeals.	FTC has asked the court to suspend its decision while the agency appeals.	1
Officials said the data will be used to verify whether they had stayed beyond their authorized time.	Officials said the data will be used to verify if they had stayed beyond their authorized time.	1
Officials said the data will be used to verify whether they had stayed beyond their authorized time.	They said the data will be used to verify whether they had stayed beyond their authorized time.	1
Officials said the data will be used to verify whether they had stayed beyond their authorized time.	The officials said the data will be used to verify whether they had stayed beyond their authorized time.	1
Officials said the data will be used to verify whether they had stayed beyond their authorized time.	They said the data would be used to verify whether they had stayed beyond their authorized time.	1
Officials said the data will be used to verify whether they had stayed beyond their authorized time.	The official said the data will be used to verify whether they had stayed beyond their authorized time.	1
Dayton finished 24-6 last season, won the Atlantic-10 Conference championship and was a No. 4 seed in the NCAA Tournament.	Dayton finished the regular season 24-6, won the Atlantic-10 conference championship and was a No. 4 seed in the NCAA Tournament.	1
Dayton finished 24-6 last season, won the Atlantic-10 Conference championship and was a No. 4 seed in the NCAA Tournament.	Dayton finished last season 24-6, won the Atlantic-10 Conference championship and was a No. 4 seed in the NCAA Tournament.	1
It would not affect economic damages such as lost wages or hospital bills.	Would it not affect economic damages such as lost wages or hospital bills?	1
It would not affect economic damages such as lost wages or hospital bills.	Would it not affect economic damages such as lost wages or hospital bills.	1
Schneiderman said this fare price would reflect the agency's legitimate financial condition as well as riders' concerns about having to pay 33 percent more to ride in a recession.	Schneiderman said this fare would reflect the agency's legitimate financial condition as well as riders' concerns about having to pay 33 percent more to ride in a recession.	1
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.	30 year Bond US30YT=RR dips 14/32 for yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.	1
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR dipped 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent.	Is the 30-year bond US30YT=RR falling by 14/32 for a yield of 4.26 percent from 4.23 percent?	1
The two countries agreed last week to hold their first diplomatic discussions in two years.	The two countries agreed last week to hold their first diplomatic talks in two years.	1
The proposal also may help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a takeover from Indianapoils-based shopping mall operator Simon Property Group Inc.	The proposal may help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a takeover from Indianapoils-based shopping mall operator Simon Property Group Inc.	1
The proposal also may help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a takeover from Indianapoils-based shopping mall operator Simon Property Group Inc.	The proposal may also help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a takeover from Indianapoils-based shopping mall operator Simon Property Group Inc.	1
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in the afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in Wednesday afternoon trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of Coke were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Coca-Cola were up 6 cents at $44.42 in afternoon trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	Wall Street analysts estimate 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	1
Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	Wall Street analysts forecast 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	1
Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	Wall Street Analysts anticipate 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	1
Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	Wall Street analysts forecast 2004 revenues of $28.15 billion.	1
Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	Wall Street analysts forecast 2004 sales of $28.15 billion.	1
Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	As of 2004 revenue projections, Wall Street analysts expect a value of $28.15 billion.	1
Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	Wall Street analysts have predicted 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	1
Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	Wall Street analysts anticipate 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	1
Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	Wall Street analysts predict 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	1
Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	Analysts on Wall Street predict 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	1
Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenues of $28.15 billion.	1
The poll had a margin of error of plus or minus 2 percentage points.	The poll had a margin of error of +/- 2 percentage points.	1
Last year, the board raised rents by 2 percent on one-year renewals, 4 percent on two-year leases.	Last year, the Board raised rents by 2 percent on one-year renewals and 4 percent on two-year leases.	1
Last year, the board raised rents by 2 percent on one-year renewals, 4 percent on two-year leases.	Last year the board raised rents by 2 percent on one-year renewals, 4 percent on two-year leases.	1
Last year, the board raised rents by 2 percent on one-year renewals, 4 percent on two-year leases.	Last year, the board increased rents by 2 percent on one-year renewals, 4 percent on two-year leases.	1
Last year, the board raised rents by 2 percent on one-year renewals, 4 percent on two-year leases.	Last year the board raised rents by 2 percent on one-year renewals and 4 percent on two-year leases.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index was eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.	1
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.	South Africa has the highest HIV caseload in the world, with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.	1
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.	South Africa is home to the world's largest HIV/AIDS caseload with 4.7 million people.	1
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.	South Africa has the world's highest HIV casesload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.	1
Cordiant has been on the block since it lost the key Allied Domecq account in April.	CORECIANT has been on the block since it lost the key Allied Domecq account in April.	1
Cordiant has been on the block since it lost the key Allied Domecq account in April.	Cordiant is on the block since it lost the key Allied Domecq account in April.	1
"The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition," Activision said in an SEC filing.	The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry with specific emphasis on revenue recognition," Activision said in an SEC filing.	1
"The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition," Activision said in an SEC filing.	The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition," Activision said in an SEC filing.	1
"The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition," Activision said in an SEC filing.	Activision said the investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition. "The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition," Activision said in an SEC filing.	1
"The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition," Activision said in an SEC filing.	Activision said "the investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition," said in an SEC filing.	1
"The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition," Activision said in an SEC filing.	Activision said the investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition. "The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices," Activision said in an SEC filing.	1
"The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition," Activision said in an SEC filing.	Activision said in an SEC filing that "the investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry" with specific emphasis on revenue recognition.	1
"The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition," Activision said in an SEC filing.	Activision said that the investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition. "It appears that the investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry," Activision said in an SEC filing.	1
"The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition," Activision said in an SEC filing.	Activision: The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition, Activision said in an SEC filing.	1
"The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition," Activision said in an SEC filing.	The investigation appears to be focused on certain accounting practices common to the interactive entertainment industry, with specific emphasis on revenue recognition, Activision said in an SEC filing.	1
Justice Clarence Thomas, joined by fellow conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, dissented.	Justice Clarence Thomas, joined by fellow conservative conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, dissented.	1
Justice Clarence Thomas, joined by fellow conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, dissented.	Justice Clarence Thomas and fellow conservative Antonin Scalia dissented.	1
Justice Clarence Thomas, joined by fellow conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, dissented.	Justice Clarence Thomas and fellow conservative Justice Antonin Scalia dissented.	1
Justice Clarence Thomas, joined by fellow conservative Justice Antonin Scalia, dissented.	Justice Clarence Thomas and fellow conservative Antonin Scalia disagreed.	1
A Stage One alert is declared when ozone readings exceed 0.20 parts per million during a one-hour period.	When ozone readings exceed 0.20 parts per million over a one-hour period, a Stage One alert is declared. A stage 1 alert is declared.	1
A Stage One alert is declared when ozone readings exceed 0.20 parts per million during a one-hour period.	A Stage 1 alert is declared when ozone readings exceed 0.20 parts per million during a one-hour period.	1
The department told airlines "the threat level to UK civil aviation interests in Kenya has increased to imminent.	Department told airlines "the threat level to UK civil aviation interests in Kenya has increased to imminent.	1
The department told airlines "the threat level to UK civil aviation interests in Kenya has increased to imminent.	The Department told airlines: "The threat level to UK civil aviation interests in Kenya has increased to imminent.	1
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.	Time Magazine named the American soldier the "person of the year" in 2003.	1
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.	Time magazine named the American soldier 'the person of the year' for 2003.	1
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.	Time magazine named the American soldier as its 2003 person of the year.	1
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.	Time Magazine honored the American soldier as the Person of the Year for 2003.	1
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.	Time Magazine named the American soldier as the Person of the Year for 2003.	1
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.	The American military man was named the Person of the Year for 2003 by Time magazine.	1
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.	Time Magazine named US soldier as the person of the year 2003.	1
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.	Time Magazine named US soldier as Person of the Year for 2003.	1
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.	Time magazine named the American soldier as the person of the year for 2003.	1
As part of a 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.	As part of the 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.	1
As part of a 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.	As part of an 2001 agreement to extradite them from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.	1
The anguish was detectable in the voices of those of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.	As forlong, the anguish was detectable in the voices of those of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.	1
The anguish was detectable in the voices of those of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.	Is it true that the anguish was detectable in the voices of those of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.	1
The anguish was detectable in the voices of those of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.	The anguish was discernable in the voices of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.	1
The anguish was detectable in the voices of those of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.	The anguish was detectable in the voices of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.	1
The anguish was detectable in the voices of those of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.	In fact, the anguish was detectable in the voices of those of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.	1
Graham, a presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report.	Graham, a Republican presidential candidate, was criticized by several Republicans as ''politicizing'' the report.	1
Sen. Patrick Leahy of Vermont, the committee's senior Democrat, later said the problem is serious but called Hatch's suggestion too drastic.	Senator Patrick Leahy of Vermont, the committee's senior Democrat, later said the problem is serious but called Hatch's suggestion too drastic.	1
"Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote.	Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote.	1
"Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote.	After the panel's vote, ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure, Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said.	1
"Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote.	"Ex-Im board members demonstrated courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote.	1
"Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote.	"Ex-Im Board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," Jon Sohn, of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote.	1
"Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote.	Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure, Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote.	1
"Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote.	Ex-Im Board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote.	1
"Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote.	Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," Jon Sohn, of Friends of the Earth, said after the panel's vote.	1
"Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote.	Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure, said Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth after the panel's vote.	1
"Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote.	The Ex-Im Board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure," Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> eased 0.37 of a point, or 0.03 percent, at 1,121.	Standard & Poor's 500.SPX> eased 0.37 of a point, or 0.03 percent, at 1,121.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> eased 0.37 of a point, or 0.03 percent, at 1,121.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 (.SPX) index eased 0.37 of a point, or 0.03 percent, at 1,121.	1
Malaysia has launched an aggressive media campaign over its water dispute with Singapore.	Malaysia has launched an aggressive media campaign about its water dispute with Singapore.	1
Malaysia has launched an aggressive media campaign over its water dispute with Singapore.	Malaysia has launched an aggressive media campaign over the water dispute with Singapore.	1
Malaysia has launched an aggressive media campaign over its water dispute with Singapore.	Singapore: Malaysia launched an aggressive media campaign over its water dispute with Singapore.	1
Malaysia has launched an aggressive media campaign over its water dispute with Singapore.	Malaysia launched an aggressive media campaign over its water dispute with Singapore.	1
Malaysia has launched an aggressive media campaign over its water dispute with Singapore.	Malaysia has launched an aggressive media campaign against the Singapore-Singapore water dispute.	1
Malaysia has launched an aggressive media campaign over its water dispute with Singapore.	Singapore: Malaysia has launched an aggressive media campaign over its water dispute with Singapore.	1
The Cavaliers won the right Thursday to select James in the June 26 draft.	The Cavaliers won the right Thursday to pick James in the June 26 draft.	1
The Cavaliers won the right Thursday to select James in the June 26 draft.	"The Cavaliers won the right Thursday to select James in the June 26 draft."	1
The Cavaliers won the right Thursday to select James in the June 26 draft.	The Cavaliers won the Thursday to select James in the June 26 draft.	1
Two Atlanta companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines Inc. and the Home Depot -- were mentioned as having excessive pay packages for its CEOs.	Two Atlanta companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines Inc. and the Home Depot -- were mentioned as having excessive pay packages for their CEOs.	1
Two Atlanta companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines Inc. and the Home Depot -- were mentioned as having excessive pay packages for its CEOs.	Two Atlanta companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines Inc. and Home Depot -- were mentioned as having excessive pay packages for its CEOs.	1
Two Atlanta companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines Inc. and the Home Depot -- were mentioned as having excessive pay packages for its CEOs.	Two Atlanta companies that haven't been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines Inc. and Home Depot -- were mentioned as having excessive pay packages for its CEOs.	1
Two Atlanta companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines Inc. and the Home Depot -- were mentioned as having excessive pay packages for its CEOs.	Both Atlanta companies that have not been accused of wrongdoing -- Delta Air Lines Inc. and the Home Depot -- were mentioned as having excessive pay packages for its CEOs.	1
The Republic of Korea was found to lead the way in broadband penetration, with approximately 21 broadband subscribers for every 100 inhabitants.	The Republic of Korea led the way in broadband penetration with approximately 21 subscribers for every 100 inhabitants.	1
Mr Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.	Tony Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush's critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.	1
Mr Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.	Mr Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope of embarrassing him”.	1
Mr Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.	In a newspaper article Mr. Blair admitted that Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.	1
Mr Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.	Blair admitted in a newspaper article that Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.	1
Mr Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.	Blair admitted in a newspaper article that Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope of embarrassing him”.	1
Mr Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.	Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope of embarrassing him”.	1
Mr Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.	Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.	1
Mr Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.	Tony Blair admitted in a newspaper article that Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.	1
Mr Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.	In a newspaper article Mr Blair admitted that Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.	1
Mr Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.	In a newspaper article Mr Blair admitted that Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope of embarrassing him”.	1
Mr Blair admitted in a newspaper article Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope for embarrassing him”.	Mr Blair admitted that in a newspaper article Mr Bush’s critics were “rubbing their hands at the scope of embarrassing him”.	1
Intel Corp. unveiled Wednesday its next generation processor for cellular phones, personal digital assistants and other wireless devices.	Intel Corp. unveiled Wednesday its next generation of processors for cellular phones, personal digital assistants and other wireless devices.	1
Intel Corp. unveiled Wednesday its next generation processor for cellular phones, personal digital assistants and other wireless devices.	Intel Corporation unveiled Wednesday its next generation processor for cellular phones, personal digital assistants and other wireless devices.	1
Intel Corp. unveiled Wednesday its next generation processor for cellular phones, personal digital assistants and other wireless devices.	Intel announced its next generation of processors for cellular phones, personal digital assistants and other wireless devices Wednesday.	1
Intel Corp. unveiled Wednesday its next generation processor for cellular phones, personal digital assistants and other wireless devices.	Intel Corp. announced Wednesday its next generation of processors for cellular phones, personal digital assistants and other wireless devices.	1
Peterson's lawyer, Mark Geragos of Los Angeles, was quick to swipe at the testing procedure.	Peterson's lawyer Mark Geragos of Los Angeles was quick to swipe at the testing procedures.	1
Peterson's lawyer, Mark Geragos of Los Angeles, was quick to swipe at the testing procedure.	Michael Peterson's attorney, Mark Geragos of Los Angeles, was quick to swipe at the testing procedure.	1
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.	The venture owns five oil refineries and over 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.	1
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.	Company owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.	1
The Belgian probe centred on allegations that certain cereals firms were tipped off about prices two hours before they were officially available.	Belgian probe centred on allegations that certain cereals firms were tipped off about prices two hours before they were officially available.	1
The Belgian probe centred on allegations that certain cereals firms were tipped off about prices two hours before they were officially available.	Belgian probe centres on allegations that certain cereals firms were tipped off about prices two hours before they were officially available.	1
The Belgian probe centred on allegations that certain cereals firms were tipped off about prices two hours before they were officially available.	Belgian probe involves allegations that certain cereals companies were tipped off about prices two hours before they were officially available.	1
They said they also seized several items which might be linked to ritual killing, including an animal's skull with a nail driven through it.	And they said they seized several items which might be related to ritual killing, including an animal's skull with a nail driven through it.	1
They said they also seized several items which might be linked to ritual killing, including an animal's skull with a nail driven through it.	They also seized several items which might be linked to ritual killing, including an animal's skull with a nail driven through it.	1
It features a 4K color screen and 40-tone polyphonic sound with exchangeable Style-Up front panels.	With a 4K color screen and 40-tone polyphonic sound with exchangeable Style-Up front panels, it features a 4K color screen and 40-tone polyphonic sound with exchangeable Style-Up front panels.	1
Dealers said the yen was also undermined by falling Japanese interest rates.	Dealers say the yen was also undermined by falling Japanese interest rates.	1
Dealers said the yen was also undermined by falling Japanese interest rates.	Dealers say the yen is also undermined by falling Japanese interest rates.	1
Dealers said the yen was also undermined by falling Japanese interest rates.	Japanese dealers say the yen is also weakened by falling interest rates.	1
The World Health Organization and the United States Centers for Disease Control sent down a team to look into it.	World Health Organization and the United States Centers for Disease Control have sent down a team to look into it.	1
The World Health Organization and the United States Centers for Disease Control sent down a team to look into it.	World Health Organization (WHO) and United States Centers for Disease Control sent down a team to look into it.	1
The World Health Organization and the United States Centers for Disease Control sent down a team to look into it.	International health organization and the United States Centers for Disease Control sent down a team to look into it.	1
The World Health Organization and the United States Centers for Disease Control sent down a team to look into it.	As a result, the world health organization and the United States Centers for Disease Control sent a team to look into it.	1
The World Health Organization and the United States Centers for Disease Control sent down a team to look into it.	The World Health Organization and the United States Centers for Disease Control sent a team to look into it.	1
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.	As fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.	1
The Globe reported that Smiledge hasn't spoken with his son, Joseph Druce, in eight years.	The Globe reported that Smiledge hasn't spoken to his son Joseph Druce for eight years.	1
The Globe reported that Smiledge hasn't spoken with his son, Joseph Druce, in eight years.	The Globe reported that Smiledge hasn't spoken to his son, Joseph Druce, in eight years.	1
Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass-produced, lowering the price per valve from 15 cents to 2 1/2 cents.	Abplanalp used a plastic in a model that could be mass produced, lowering the price per valve from 15 cents to 2 1/2 cents.	1
Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass-produced, lowering the price per valve from 15 cents to 2 1/2 cents.	Abplanalp uses plastic in a model that could be mass-produced, lowering the price per valve from 15 cents to 2 1/2 cents.	1
Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass-produced, lowering the price per valve from 15 cents to 2 1/2 cents.	Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass produced, lowering the price per valve from 15 cents to 2 1/2 cents.	1
Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass-produced, lowering the price per valve from 15 cents to 2 1/2 cents.	Abplanalp, using plastic in a model that could be mass-produced, lowering the price per valve from 15 cents to 2 1/2 cents.	1
Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass-produced, lowering the price per valve from 15 cents to 2 1/2 cents.	In a plastic production model, abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass-produced, lowering the price per valve from 15 cents to 2 1/2 cents.	1
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate for a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	1
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	Russia, along with France, China and others advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	1
On Oct. 10, an 18-year-old freshman member of the men's swim team jumped from the same 10th-floor ledge.	On Oct. 10, an 18-year-old freshman swimmer from the men's swimming team jumped from the same 10th floor ledge.	1
On Oct. 10, an 18-year-old freshman member of the men's swim team jumped from the same 10th-floor ledge.	On Oct. 10, an 18-year-old freshman member of the men's swim team jumped from the same 10th floor ledge.	1
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year's end.	The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year end.	1
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year's end.	This deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year's end.	1
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year's end.	The agreement is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year's end.	1
Yesterday, two Japanese diplomats were killed in an apparent ambush near Tikrit, 175 kilometres north of the capital.	Yesterday two Japanese diplomats were killed in an apparent ambush near Tikrit, 175 kilometres north of the capital.	1
Yesterday, two Japanese diplomats were killed in an apparent ambush near Tikrit, 175 kilometres north of the capital.	Two Japanese diplomats were killed yesterday in an apparent ambush near Tikrit, 175 kilometres north of the capital.	1
"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.	"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council of The United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.	1
"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.	We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.	1
"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.	"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States", Moqtada al-Sadr said.	1
"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.	"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said. "	1
"These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that," Murphy says.	These surgeries are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that," Murphy says.	1
"These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that," Murphy says.	"These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that," says Murphy.	1
"These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that," Murphy says.	These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that," Murphy says.	1
"These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that," Murphy says.	These surgeries are violent surgeries, and I wanted to convey that," Murphy says.	1
Under the 1973 Roe vs. Wade ruling, before a fetus could live outside the womb, the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician.	Under the 1973 Roe vs. Wade ruling, before a fetus could live outside the womb, the abortion decision was left to the woman and her doctor.	1
Under the 1973 Roe vs. Wade ruling, before a fetus could live outside the womb, the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician.	According to the 1973 Roe vs. Wade decision, before a fetus could live outside the womb, the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician.	1
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.	Sean Harrigan, the president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.	1
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.	Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested a pardon of the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.	1
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.	Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.	1
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.	Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested changing the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.	1
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.	Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested changing the NYSE's 27-member board, creating a more accountable board.	1
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.	Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested a composition change to the NYSE's 27-member board, making it more accountable.	1
"If that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting," he said to a standing ovation.	"If that's ain't a democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting," he said to a standing ovation.	1
"If that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting," he said to a standing ovation.	If that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting," he said to a standing ovation.	1
"If that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting," he said to a standing ovation.	If that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting, he said to a standing ovation.	1
"If that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting," he said to a standing ovation.	"If that ain't a democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting", he said to a standing ovation.	1
"If that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting," he said to a standing ovation.	If that ain't a democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting," he said to a standing ovation.	1
"I think we made some mistakes with this exam, and it's up to us to identify and correct them," Mills said.	I think we made some mistakes with this exam, and it's up to us to identify and correct them," Mills said.	1
"I think we made some mistakes with this exam, and it's up to us to identify and correct them," Mills said.	I think we made some mistakes with this exam and it's up to us to correct them, Mills said.	1
"I think we made some mistakes with this exam, and it's up to us to identify and correct them," Mills said.	I think we made some mistakes in this exam, and it's up to us to correct them," Mills said.	1
"I think we made some mistakes with this exam, and it's up to us to identify and correct them," Mills said.	I think we made some mistakes with this exam, and it's up to us to correct them," Mills said.	1
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.	Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.	1
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.	The Recording Industry Association of America says it will sue the song traders next month.	1
The Recording Industry Association of America says it plans to sue the song traders next month.	The Recording Industry Association of America is planning to sue the song traders next month.	1
And if estimates hold, it will mark the first time in history that five films grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend.	And if estimates hold, it will mark the first time in history that five movies grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend.	1
And if estimates hold, it will mark the first time in history that five films grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend.	If estimates hold, it will mark the first time in history that five movies grossed over $20 million each in one weekend.	1
And if estimates hold, it will mark the first time in history that five films grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend.	If estimates hold, it will mark the first time in history that five movies grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend.	1
And if estimates hold, it will mark the first time in history that five films grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend.	If the estimates hold, it will mark the first time in history that five films grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend.	1
And if estimates hold, it will mark the first time in history that five films grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend.	If estimates hold, it will mark the first time in history that five films grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend.	1
And if estimates hold, it will mark the first time in history that five films grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend.	If estimates hold, it will mark the first time in history that five films grossed over $20 million each in one weekend.	1
And if estimates hold, it will mark the first time in history that five films grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend.	If the numbers hold, it will mark the first time in history that five films grossed more than $20 million each in one weekend.	1
"But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing."	"But that doesn't clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing."	1
"But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing."	But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing."	1
"But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing."	That does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing."	1
"But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing."	"But that doesn not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing.	1
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.	A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organisation said.	1
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.	A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in Basra, the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.	1
A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in the southern city of Basra, the Organization said.	A total of 17 cases have been confirmed in Basra, the Southern city of Basra, the Organization said.	1
There is no transcript the courtroom session in Tarrytown, 12 miles north of New York on the Hudson River.	There is no transcript of the courtroom session in Tarrytown, 12 miles north of New York on the Hudson River.	1
There is no transcript the courtroom session in Tarrytown, 12 miles north of New York on the Hudson River.	There are no transcripts of the courtroom session in Tarrytown, 12 miles north of New York on the Hudson River.	1
There is no transcript the courtroom session in Tarrytown, 12 miles north of New York on the Hudson River.	There is no transcript from the courtroom session in Tarrytown, 12 miles north of New York on the Hudson River.	1
There is no transcript the courtroom session in Tarrytown, 12 miles north of New York on the Hudson River.	There is no transcript of courtroom session in Tarrytown, 12 miles north of New York on the Hudson River.	1
One of the latest shootings was at a car on Sunday on I-270, Franklin County sheriff's Chief Deputy Steve Martin said.	One of the recent shootings was at a car on Sunday on I-270, Franklin County sheriff's chief Deputy Steve Martin said.	1
One of the latest shootings was at a car on Sunday on I-270, Franklin County sheriff's Chief Deputy Steve Martin said.	One of the latest shootings was at a car on Sunday on I-270, said Franklin County sheriff's Chief Deputy Steve Martin.	1
One of the latest shootings was at a car on Sunday on I-270, Franklin County sheriff's Chief Deputy Steve Martin said.	One of the latest shootings was at a car on Sunday on I-270, said Franklin County sheriff's Chief Deputy Steve Martin said.	1
One of the latest shootings was at a car on Sunday on I-270, Franklin County sheriff's Chief Deputy Steve Martin said.	One of the latest shootings was at a car on Sunday on I-270, said Franklin County sheriff's chief Deputy Steve Martin.	1
One of the latest shootings was at a car on Sunday on I-270, Franklin County sheriff's Chief Deputy Steve Martin said.	One of the recent shootings was at a car on Sunday on I-270, said Franklin County sheriff's chief Deputy Steve Martin.	1
One of the latest shootings was at a car on Sunday on I-270, Franklin County sheriff's Chief Deputy Steve Martin said.	One of the latest shootings occurred at a car on Sunday on I-270, Franklin County sheriff's chief Deputy Steve Martin said.	1
"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," said he during a press briefing at the hospital.	1
"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	1
"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	Both of these children are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	1
"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	Both of the kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	1
"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	"Both these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	1
"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	The two kids are in a wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	1
"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital. "Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said.	1
"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	Both kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	1
"Both of these kids are in wonderful physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	Both of these kids are in great physical condition right now," he said during a press briefing at the hospital.	1
Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best-known ancient Egyptians.	Egyptologists cast doubt Tuesday on an expedition's claim that it may have found the mummy of Queen Nefertiti, one of the best known ancient Egyptians.	1
Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday, joining a growing number of cities around the country.	Watertown, Saugus and Framingham both went smoke-free Monday, joining a growing number of cities around the country.	1
Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday, joining a growing number of cities around the country.	Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also went smoke-free Monday, joining a growing number of cities around the country.	1
IBM stock rose $1.75, to $84.50, on the New York Stock Exchange.	IBM shares rose $1.75 to $84.50 in the New York Stock Exchange.	1
IBM stock rose $1.75, to $84.50, on the New York Stock Exchange.	IBM stock rose $1.75 to $84.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
His election was hailed in some quarters as a breakthrough for gay rights, but condemned in others as a violation of God's word.	His election was hailed as a breakthrough for gay rights, but condemned in others as a violation of God's word.	1
His election was hailed in some quarters as a breakthrough for gay rights, but condemned in others as a violation of God's word.	His victory was hailed as a breakthrough for gay rights, but condemned in others as a violation of God's word.	1
Gov. Don Carcieri said the ruling shows that state taxation laws apply on the tribe's sales activities.	Gov. Don Carcieri says the ruling shows that state taxation laws apply on the tribe's sales activities.	1
Gov. Don Carcieri said the ruling shows that state taxation laws apply on the tribe's sales activities.	Gov. Don Carcieri said the ruling shows that state taxation laws apply to the tribe's sales activities.	1
Wyeth estimates that 1.2 million women continue to take Prempro pills, down from about 3.4 million before the study was halted last summer.	Wyeth is stating that 1.2 million women continue to take Prempro pills, down from about 3.4 million before the study was halted last summer.	1
Wyeth estimates that 1.2 million women continue to take Prempro pills, down from about 3.4 million before the study was halted last summer.	1.2 million women still take Prempro pills, down from about 3.4 million before the study was halted last summer. Wyeth estimates that 1.2 million women continue to take Prempro pills, down from about 3.4 million before the study was halted last summer.	1
But he said he had Dr Hollingworth's legal advice that he had been denied natural justice by the church inquiry.	he said he had Dr Hollingworth's legal advice, he had been denied natural justice by the church inquiry.	1
But he said he had Dr Hollingworth's legal advice that he had been denied natural justice by the church inquiry.	he said he had Dr Hollingworth's legal advice that he had been denied natural justice by the church inquiry.	1
But he said he had Dr Hollingworth's legal advice that he had been denied natural justice by the church inquiry.	He said he had Dr Hollingworth's legal advice that he had been denied natural justice by the church inquiry.	1
But he said he had Dr Hollingworth's legal advice that he had been denied natural justice by the church inquiry.	And he said he had Dr Hollingworth's legal advice that he had been denied natural justice by the church inquiry.	1
Dennehy, 21, hasn't been heard from in more than two weeks, and police suspect he was killed in the Waco area.	Dennehy, 21, hasn't been heard from in over two weeks, and police suspect he was killed in the Waco area.	1
Vaccine makers have been thrust in the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.	Vaccine makers were thrust in the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.	1
Vaccine makers have been thrust in the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.	Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.	1
Vaccine makers have been thrust in the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.	Vaccine makers are thrust in the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.	1
Vaccine makers have been thrust in the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.	Vaccine makers are thrust into the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.	1
Vaccine makers have been thrust in the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.	Vaccine manufacturers have been thrust in the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.	1
Vaccine makers have been thrust in the limelight following government programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.	As part of the Government, vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight following programmes to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.	1
"If these loss reductions continue as expected, further rate reductions should be ordered."	If these loss reductions continue as expected, further rate reductions should be ordered. "	1
"If these loss reductions continue as expected, further rate reductions should be ordered."	If these loss reductions continue as expected, further rate reductions should be ordered."	1
"If these loss reductions continue as expected, further rate reductions should be ordered."	If loss reductions continue as expected, further rate reductions should be ordered.	1
"If these loss reductions continue as expected, further rate reductions should be ordered."	If these loss reductions continue as expected, further rate reductions should be ordered.	1
President Bush signed a waiver exempting 22 nations from these sanctions because they had signed but not yet ratified the immunity agreement.	Bush signed an immunity waiver exempting 22 nations from these sanctions because they had signed but had not ratified the immunity agreement.	1
President Bush signed a waiver exempting 22 nations from these sanctions because they had signed but not yet ratified the immunity agreement.	President Bush signed a waiver exempting 22 countries from these sanctions because they had signed but not yet ratified the immunity agreement.	1
Shares of AT&T climbed 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.	Shares of AT&T jumped 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.	1
Shares of AT&T climbed 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.	Shares of AT&T rose 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.	1
Shares of AT&T climbed 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.	Shares of AT&T increased by 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.	1
Shares of AT&T climbed 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.	Shares of AT&T gained 4.4 percent to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.	1
Shares of AT&T climbed 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.	The shares of AT&T rose 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.	1
Shares of AT&T climbed 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.	Shares of AT&T advanced 4.4 percent to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.	1
Shares of AT&T climbed 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.	The shares of AT&T gained 4.4 percent to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.	1
Shares of AT&T climbed 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.	Shares of AT&T have climbed 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.	1
AMD reported a net loss of $140 million for the quarter ended June 29, on sales of $645 million.	AMD reported a net loss of $140 million for the quarter ended June 29 on sales of $645 million.	1
"People just love e-mail, and it really bothers them that spam is ruining such a good thing," said Deborah Fallows, the Pew researcher who wrote the report.	So, people love e-mails, and it really bothers them that spam is ruining such a good thing," said Deborah Fallows, the Pew researcher who wrote the report.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 179.97 points, or 2.09 percent, to 8,781.35, ending at its highest level since mid-January.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average.DJI climbed 179.97 points, or 2.09 percent, to 8,781.35, ending at its highest level since mid-January.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 179.97 points, or 2.09 percent, to 8,781.35, ending at its highest level since mid-January.	The Blue-chip Dow Jones Industrial Average.DJI climbed 179.97 points, or 2.09 percent, to 8,781.35, ending at its highest level since mid-January.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 179.97 points, or 2.09 percent, to 8,781.35, ending at its highest level since mid-January.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average.DJI was up 179.97 points, or 2.09 percent, to 8,781.35, ending at its highest level since mid-January.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 179.97 points, or 2.09 percent, to 8,781.35, ending at its highest level since mid-January.	The blue-chip Dow Jones Industrial Average.DJI climbed 179.97 points, or 2.09 percent, to 8,781.35, ending at its highest level since mid-January.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 179.97 points, or 2.09 percent, to 8,781.35, ending at its highest level since mid-January.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average.DJI rose 179.97 points, or 2.09 percent, to 8,781.35, ending at its highest level since mid-January.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 179.97 points, or 2.09 percent, to 8,781.35, ending at its highest level since mid-January.	Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJI) was up 179.97 points, or 2.09 percent, to 8,781.35, ending at its highest level since mid-January.	1
And in the Muslim world, Osama bin Laden is becoming more of a hero, not less of one.	In the Muslim world, Osama bin Laden is becoming more of a hero, not less of a villain.	1
And in the Muslim world, Osama bin Laden is becoming more of a hero, not less of one.	In the Muslim world, Osama bin Laden is becoming more of a hero, not less of a hero.	1
And in the Muslim world, Osama bin Laden is becoming more of a hero, not less of one.	In the Muslim world, Osama bin Laden has become more and more of a hero, not less of a hero.	1
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word'spike' as the name of our network.	1
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	We believe we have an absolute right to use the common word "spike" as the name of our network.	1
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word'spike' as the name of our network."	1
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	We believe that we have an absolute right to use the common word'spike' as the name of our network. "	1
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	We believe we have an absolute right to use the common word'spike' as the name of our network. "	1
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	"We believe we have an absolute right to use the common word'spike' as the name of our network.'	1
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	We believe we have an absolute right to use the common word'spike' as the name of our network."	1
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	"We firmly believe that we have an absolute right to use the common word "spike" as the name of our network."	1
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	"We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word "spike" as the name of our network."	1
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	We strongly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word "spike" as the name of our network."	1
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word "spike" as the name of our network."	1
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	"We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word'spike' as the name of our network.'	1
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	We believe that we have an absolute right to use the common word "spike" as the name of our network."	1
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word'spike' as the name of our network. "	1
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	I believe we have an absolute right to use the common word'spike' as the name of our network."	1
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	We believe we have an absolute right to use the common word "spike" as the name of our network."	1
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	"We believe we have an absolute right to use the common word'spike' as the name of our network."	1
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word "spike" as the name of our network. "	1
We firmly believe we have an absolute right to use the common word 'spike' as the name of our network."	"We believe we have an absolute right to use the common word "spike" as the name of our network."	1
In a major setback to consumers, a federal judge granted the government's request Thursday to shut down a company that helps customers buy cheaper prescription drugs from Canada.	In a major setback to consumers, a federal judge granted the government's request on Thursday to shut down a company that helps customers buy cheaper prescription drugs from Canada.	1
Anyone with information on Lopez can call O'Shea at 561-688-4068 or Crime Stoppers at 800-458-8477.	Anybody with information on Lopez can call O'Shea at 561-688-4068 or Crime Stoppers at 800-458-8477.	1
The panels picture the towers standing tall and outline their history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction on Sept. 11, 2001.	The panels take pictures of the towers standing tall and outline their history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their destruction on Sept. 11, 2001.	1
The panels picture the towers standing tall and outline their history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction on Sept. 11, 2001.	The panels picture the towers standing tall and outline their history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their destruction on Sept. 11, 2001.	1
The panels picture the towers standing tall and outline their history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction on Sept. 11, 2001.	The panels picture the towers standing tall and outline their history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their destruction on September 11, 2001.	1
The panels picture the towers standing tall and outline their history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction on Sept. 11, 2001.	The panels depict the towers standing tall and outline their history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their destruction on September 11, 2001.	1
The panels picture the towers standing tall and outline their history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction on Sept. 11, 2001.	The panels photograph the towers standing tall and outline their history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction on Sept. 11, 2001.	1
Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18, the country generally tolerates the Gypsy tradition of arranged child weddings.	In Romania, although the legal age for marriage is 18 years, the country generally tolerates the Gypsy tradition of arranged child marriages.	1
Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18, the country generally tolerates the Gypsy tradition of arranged child weddings.	In Romania, though the legal age for marriage is 18, the country generally tolerates the Gypsy tradition of arranged child weddings.	1
Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18, the country generally tolerates the Gypsy tradition of arranged child weddings.	Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18 years, the country generally tolerates the Gypsy tradition of arranged child weddings.	1
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.	The Institute for Supply Management's index of non-manufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.	1
The two rugged counties got 2 to 3 inches of rain between midnight and noon.	Two rugged counties got 2 to 3 inches of rain between midnight and noon.	1
The two rugged counties got 2 to 3 inches of rain between midnight and noon.	In the two remote counties, there was 2 to 3 inches of rain from midnight to noon.	1
The two rugged counties got 2 to 3 inches of rain between midnight and noon.	Between midnight and noon, the two rugged counties got 2 to 3 inches of rain.	1
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.	Whilst obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.	1
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.	Skeptics argue obesity increases the risk of health problems, as do smoking and high cholesterol.	1
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.	Obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, as do smoking and high cholesterol.	1
Intel plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	Intel will present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	1
Intel plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	Intel is planning to present a paper on its findings on this day at a conference in Japan.	1
Intel plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	Intel is planning to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	1
Intel plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	Intel Corporation will present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	1
Intel plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	Intel will present a paper today on its findings at a conference in Japan.	1
Intel plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	Intel has announced plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	1
Intel plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	Intel has plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	1
Intel plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	Intel will present a paper today on its findings in a conference in Japan.	1
Intel plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	Intel is working on a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	1
Intel plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	Intel is going to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	1
Intel plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	Intel is preparing to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	1
Intel plans to present a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	Intel is presenting a paper on its findings today at a conference in Japan.	1
Foreigners board helicopters for evacuation from the European Union compound in Monrovia, Liberia, on Monday.	Foreigners board helicopters for evacuation from the European Union compound in Monrovia, Liberia on Monday.	1
Foreigners board helicopters for evacuation from the European Union compound in Monrovia, Liberia, on Monday.	Foreigners board a helicopter for evacuation from the European Union compound in Monrovia, Liberia, on Monday.	1
Foreigners board helicopters for evacuation from the European Union compound in Monrovia, Liberia, on Monday.	Foreigners board helicopters to evacuate from the European Union compound in Monrovia, Liberia, on Monday.	1
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	DeI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	1
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	A statement released by DEI said Green would start driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	1
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	Dei said Green would start driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	1
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	DeI said Green would start driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	1
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	1
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	DeI issued a statement saying Green would start driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	1
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	DeI announced that Green will start driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	1
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	DEI is making a statement that Green will start driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	1
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	DeI said that Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis starting next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	1
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	The statement released by DEI said Green would start driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	1
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	In a statement released by DEI, Green said he would start driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	1
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	The DEI announced that Green will begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	1
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	According to DEI, Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	1
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	DEI said Green would start driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	1
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	The statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	1
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	DeI has said Green will start driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	1
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	In a statement released by DEI, Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	1
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	In a statement released by DEI, Green would start driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	1
A statement released by DEI said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	Dei said Green would begin driving the car on an interim basis beginning next week in the Winston Open at Lowe's Motor Speedway.	1
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The Illinois Supreme Court denied the lawsuit.	1
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	In Illinois, the Supreme Court dismissed the case.	1
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The Supreme Court of Illinois recently dismissed the lawsuit.	1
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The Supreme Court of Illinois dismissed the case.	1
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The Illinois Supreme Court rejected the case.	1
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The Supreme Court of Illinois rejected the case.	1
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The Illinois Supreme Court denied the case.	1
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.	Coupling is an American version of a hit British comedy. It will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.	1
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.	American version of a British comedy, Coupling, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.	1
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.	Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. slot.	1
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.	Coupling, a US version of a British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.	1
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.	Coupling, a American version of a British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.	1
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.	This was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.	1
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.	The park was the third in four years when wildfires forced it to close.	1
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.	The third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.	1
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.	Was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.	1
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.	This is the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.	1
Disney has repeatedly said the "safety and enjoyment" of its guests were the reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones, and wants them maintained.	Disney has repeatedly said the safety and enjoyment of its guests were the reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones, and wants them maintained.	1
Disney has repeatedly said the "safety and enjoyment" of its guests were the reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones, and wants them maintained.	Disney has repeatedly said the "safety and enjoyment" of its guests were the reasons it wanted the no-fly zone, and wants them maintained.	1
Disney has repeatedly said the "safety and enjoyment" of its guests were the reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones, and wants them maintained.	Disney has repeatedly said the "safety and enjoyment" of its guests were the reasons the company wanted no-fly zones, and wants them maintained.	1
Disney has repeatedly said the "safety and enjoyment" of its guests were the reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones, and wants them maintained.	Disney has said repeatedly the "safety and enjoyment" of its guests were the reasons the company wanted no-fly zones, and wants them maintained.	1
Disney has repeatedly said the "safety and enjoyment" of its guests were the reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones, and wants them maintained.	The Disney Entertainment Group has stated repeatedly the "safety and enjoyment" of its guests were the reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones, and wants them maintained.	1
Disney has repeatedly said the "safety and enjoyment" of its guests were the reasons the company wanted the no-fly zones, and wants them maintained.	Disney has repeatedly said the "safety and enjoyment" of its guests were the reasons the company wanted the no-fly zone, and wants them maintained.	1
Sources who knew of the bidding said last week that cable TV company Comcast Corp. was also looking at VUE.	A source who knew of the bidding said last week that cable TV company Comcast Corp. was also looking at VUE.	1
Sources who knew of the bidding said last week that cable TV company Comcast Corp. was also looking at VUE.	Sources who knew about the bidding said last week that cable TV company Comcast Corp. was also looking at VUE.	1
Sources who knew of the bidding said last week that cable TV company Comcast Corp. was also looking at VUE.	From sources who knew about the bidding, sources said last week that cable TV company Comcast Corp. was also looking at VUE.	1
On Wednesday, the total of National Guard and Reserve members called to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603.	On Wednesday, the total number of national guard and reserve members declared to active duty worldwide stood at 154,603.	1
The shares fell 72 cents, or 3.8 percent, to $18.34 Monday on the New York Stock Exchange.	The shares fell 72 cents, or 3.8 percent, to $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange Monday.	1
The shares fell 72 cents, or 3.8 percent, to $18.34 Monday on the New York Stock Exchange.	The shares fell 72 cents, or 3.8 percent, to $18.34 on the New York Stock Exchange on Monday.	1
But at age 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	At age 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	1
But at age 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	At age 15 she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	1
But at age 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	At age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to have surgery.	1
But at age 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	At age 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to have surgery.	1
But at age 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	But at age 15 she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	1
But at age 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	At the age of 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	1
But at age 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	She'd reached 260 pounds at age 15, and was forced to make a hard decision: It was time to have surgery.	1
But at age 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	At age 15, she had reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	1
But at age 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	At age 15 she reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	1
But at age 15, she'd reached 260 pounds and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	She'd reached 260 pounds at age 15 and a difficult decision: It was time to try surgery.	1
"Of course I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious," he says.	I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious," he says.	1
"Of course I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious," he says.	I want to win but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious", he says.	1
"Of course I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious," he says.	I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you are so nervous", he says.	1
"Of course I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious," he says.	I want to win again but I think it is worse if you have never won before because you're very anxious," says he.	1
"Of course I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious," he says.	I want to win again but I think is worse when you never won because you are very anxious," he says.	1
"Of course I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious," he says.	"Of course I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you're very anxious."	1
E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic "paper" for e-newspapers and e-books, and other uses - even clothing with computer screens sewn into it.	E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic paper for e-newspapers and e-books, and other uses - even clothing with computer screens sewn into it.	1
E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic "paper" for e-newspapers and e-books, and other uses - even clothing with computer screens sewn into it.	E Ink is one of several groups trying to develop electronic "paper" for e-newspapers and e-books, and other uses - even clothes with computer screens sewn into it.	1
The fawn, named after Dr Duane Kraemer, one of the researchers, was born a few months ago.	The fawn was named after Dr Duane Kraemer, one of the researchers, was born a few months ago.	1
The fawn, named after Dr Duane Kraemer, one of the researchers, was born a few months ago.	A fawn named after Dr Duane Kraemer, one of the researchers, was born a few months ago.	1
The fawn, named after Dr Duane Kraemer, one of the researchers, was born a few months ago.	The fawn named after Dr Duane Kraemer, one of the researchers, was born a few months ago.	1
Canadian researchers ordered the slaughter of more than 2,000 cows and conducted an extensive investigation but were not able to find evidence of any other infected animals.	Canadian researchers ordered the slaughter of more than 2,000 cows and conducted an extensive investigation, but were not able to find any other infected animals.	1
But MTA officials appropriated the money to the 2003 and 2004 budgets without notifying riders or even the MTA board members considering the 50-cent hike, Hevesi found.	But MTA officials appropriated the money to the 2003 and 2004 budgets without notifying riders or even the MTA board considering the 50-cent hike, Hevesi found.	1
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.	This measure could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.	1
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.	Toronto had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases yesterday.	1
Broomhead, 34, was assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment.	The Broomhead, 34, was assigned to the 2nd Squadron, 3rd Armored Cavalry Regiment.	1
In terms of a free trade area, we've got a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.	In terms of a free trade zone, we have a long, long way to go and Pakistanis understand that.	1
In terms of a free trade area, we've got a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.	In terms of creating a free trade zone, we have a long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.	1
In terms of a free trade area, we've got a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.	As for the Free Trade Area, we've got a long way to go, and the Pakistanis understand that.	1
In terms of a free trade area, we've got a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.	In terms of a free trade area, we have a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.	1
In terms of a free trade area, we've got a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.	In terms of free trade area, we've got a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.	1
In terms of a free trade area, we've got a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.	In terms of free trade, we have a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.	1
In terms of a free trade area, we've got a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.	In terms of a free trade zone, Pakistanis understand that we have a long way to go.	1
In terms of a free trade area, we've got a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.	In terms of a free trade zone, we've got a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.	1
In terms of a free trade area, we've got a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.	In terms of free trade, we've got a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.	1
In terms of a free trade area, we've got a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.	In terms of free trade area, we have a long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.	1
Whoever is selected will report directly to Robert Liscouski, the assistant secretary of homeland security for infrastructure protection.	Whoever is chosen will report directly to Robert Liscouski, the assistant secretary of homeland security for infrastructure protection.	1
But Mr Robinson urged the voters to be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to the believers who "will not understand what you've done here today".	Mr Robinson urges the voters to be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to the believers who "will not understand what you've done here today".	1
But Mr Robinson urged the voters to be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to the believers who "will not understand what you've done here today".	But Mr. Robinson urged the voters to be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to the believers who "will not understand what you've done here today".	1
But Mr Robinson urged the voters to be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to the believers who "will not understand what you've done here today".	Mr. Robinson urged the voters to be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to the believers who "will not understand what you've done here today".	1
But Mr Robinson urged the voters to be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to the believers who "will not understand what you've done here today".	Mr Robinson urged the voters to be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to the believers who "will not understand what you've done here today".	1
But Mr Robinson urged the voters to be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to the believers who "will not understand what you've done here today".	Mr Robinson said the voters should be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to the believers who "will not understand what you've done here today".	1
But Mr Robinson urged the voters to be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to the believers who "will not understand what you've done here today".	Nonetheless, Mr Robinson urged the voters to be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to the believers who "will not understand what you've done here today".	1
But Mr Robinson urged the voters to be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to the believers who "will not understand what you've done here today".	Mr. Robinson said the voters must be "kind and sensitive and gentle" to the believers who "will not understand what you've done here today".	1
The technology-loaded Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC added 0.35 of a point, or 0.02 percent, to 1,662.	The technology-loaded Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC added 0.35 of a point, or 0.02 percent, to 1,662.	1
The technology-loaded Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC added 0.35 of a point, or 0.02 percent, to 1,662.	The technology-loaded Nasdaq Composite Index (Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC) added 0.35 of a point, or 0.02 percent, to 1,662.	1
"This will be a marathon, not a sprint," said Jimmy D. Staton, a senior vice president with the utility.	"This is going to be a marathon not a sprint," said Jimmy D. Staton, a senior vice president with the utility.	1
"This will be a marathon, not a sprint," said Jimmy D. Staton, a senior vice president with the utility.	"This is going to be a marathon, not a sprint," said Jimmy D. Staton, senior vice president of the utility.	1
"This will be a marathon, not a sprint," said Jimmy D. Staton, a senior vice president with the utility.	"This is a marathon, not a sprint," said Jimmy D. Staton, a senior vice president of the utility.	1
"I am listening to the same things I listened to 17 years ago," Hollings said.	I am listening to same things I listened to 17 years ago," Hollings said.	1
"I am listening to the same things I listened to 17 years ago," Hollings said.	"I'm listening to everything I listened to 17 years ago," Hollings said.	1
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.	Heatley finished sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.	1
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.	Heatley finished sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points in the league with 89.	1
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.	Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points last season with 89.	1
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.	Heatley were sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points last season with 89.	1
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.	Heatley finished sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points last season with 89.	1
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.	Heatley were sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.	1
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.	July 18: Hurlbert filed a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.	1
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.	Juli 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.	1
Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike, saying his remarks were "inappropriate".	Mr. Koizumi rebuked Mr. Konoike saying his remarks were "inappropriate".	1
Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike, saying his remarks were "inappropriate".	Koizumi has criticized Mr. Konoike's remarks. He said they were inappropriate.	1
Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike, saying his remarks were "inappropriate".	Mr Koizumi was unhappy with Mr Konoike's comments and called them 'inappropriate'.	1
Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike, saying his remarks were "inappropriate".	Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike, saying his comments were "inappropriate".	1
Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike, saying his remarks were "inappropriate".	Koizumi has now rebuked Mr. Konoike for his comments. He says that they are "inappropriate".	1
Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike, saying his remarks were "inappropriate".	Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike saying his remarks were "inappropriate".	1
Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike, saying his remarks were "inappropriate".	Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr. Konoike, saying his remarks were "inappropriate".	1
Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike, saying his remarks were "inappropriate".	Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike for making such inappropriate remarks.	1
The CBO analysis of the Senate package said an amendment sponsored by Sen. Maria Cantwell, D-Wash., accounted for $40 billion of the total cost.	CBO analysis of the Senate package said an amendment sponsored by Sen. Maria Cantwell, D-Wash., accounted for $40 billion of the total cost.	1
White, who had suffered kidney failure from years of high blood pressure, died at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center around 9:30 a.m., said manager Ned Shankman.	What happened to White, who had kidney failure from years of high blood pressure, died at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center around 9:30 a.m., said manager Ned Shankman.	1
White, who had suffered kidney failure from years of high blood pressure, died at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center around 9:30 a.m., said manager Ned Shankman.	What happened to White, who had suffered kidney failure from years of high blood pressure, died at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center around 9:30 a.m., said manager Ned Shankman.	1
In July, EMC agreed to acquire Legato Systems (Nasdaq: LGTO) for about $1.2 billion.	In July, EMC agreed to acquire Legato Systems (Nasdaq:LGTO) for about $1.2 billion.	1
In July, EMC agreed to acquire Legato Systems (Nasdaq: LGTO) for about $1.2 billion.	In July, EMC agreed to acquire Legato Systems (Nasdaq:LGTO) for $1.2 billion.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	Standard & Poor's 500 index decreased 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, after dropping 19.67 in the previous session.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	The standard and poor's 500 index fell 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	Standard and Poor's 500 index has declined 6.11, or 0.6%, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6%, to 1003.27, having lost 19.67 in the previous session.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	The Standard & Poor's 500 index dropped 6.11, or 0.6%, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 6.11, or 0.6%, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	The Standard and Poor's 500 index fell 6.11, or 0.6%, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	The Standard & Poor's 500 index was down 6.11, or 0.6%, to 1003.27, having lost 19.67 in the previous session.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 6.11, or 0.6%, to 1003.27, after dropping 19.67 in the previous session.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	Standard & Poor's 500 index dropped 6.11, or 0.6%, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	The Standard and Poor's 500 index fell 6.11, or 0.6%, to 1003.27, after losing 19.67 in the previous session.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	The index for Standard and Poor's 500 Index fell 6.11, or 0.6%, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 6.11, or 0.6%, to 1003.27, after losing 19.67 in the previous session.	1
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.	The Nasdaq dropped 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.	1
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.	For the month, Nasdaq fell about 1.3%. This marks the end of a seven month winning streak.	1
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.	The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% in the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.	1
Shares of Cellegy were down $2.04, or 39%, to $3.18 in midday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	The shares of Cellegy were down $2.04, or 39%, to $3.18 in midday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Shares of Cellegy were down $2.04, or 39%, to $3.18 in midday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Stocks of Cellegy were down $2.04, or 39%, to $3.18 in midday trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq." he told reporters.	"This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq" he told reporters.	1
This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq." he told reporters.	This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq," he told reporters.	1
This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq." he told reporters.	"This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq," he told reporters.	1
This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq." he told reporters.	He told reporters, "The reconstruction process is ongoing and there will be other opportunities for people to contribute to the rebuilding of Iraq."	1
This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq." he told reporters.	"This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the reconstruction of Iraq," he told reporters.	1
This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq." he told reporters.	This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the reconstruction of Iraq," he told reporters.	1
This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq." he told reporters.	This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq" he told reporters.	1
This is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq." he told reporters.	"It is a process and there will be other opportunities for people to participate in the rebuilding of Iraq" he told reporters.	1
Matthew Lovett, 18, who just graduated from Collingswood High School, was among those arrested.	Matthew Lovett, 18, was arrested in Collingswood. He just graduated from Collingswood High School.	1
Matthew Lovett, 18, who just graduated from Collingswood High School, was among those arrested.	Matthew Lovett, 18, who graduated from Collingswood High School, was among those arrested.	1
Matthew Lovett, 18, who just graduated from Collingswood High School, was among those arrested.	Matthew Lovett, 18, was among the arrested, who just graduated from Collingswood High School.	1
About 10 percent of high school and 16 percent of elementary students must be proficient at math.	About 10 percent of high school and 16 percent of elementary students must be proficient in math.	1
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.	Moreover, the Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.	1
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.	The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.	1
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.	The Securities and Exchange Commission has initiated an informal probe of Coke.	1
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.	The Securities and Exchange Commission has initiated an informal investigation of Coke.	1
That compares with earnings of $446 million, or 7 cents per share, on revenue of $6.3 billion in the same period a year ago.	What compares to earnings of $446 million, or 7 cents per share, on revenue of $6.3 billion in the same period a year ago.	1
That compares with earnings of $446 million, or 7 cents per share, on revenue of $6.3 billion in the same period a year ago.	That compares with earnings of $446 million, or 7 cents per share, on revenue of $6.3 billion in the same period in the same period a year ago.	1
That compares with earnings of $446 million, or 7 cents per share, on revenue of $6.3 billion in the same period a year ago.	What compares with earnings of $446 million, or 7 cents per share, on revenue of $6.3 billion in the same period a year ago.	1
President Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war.	Bush and Top Administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justifying war.	1
President Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war.	Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war.	1
Ebert asked Franklin, pointing to a color photo of Linda Franklin on a projection screen.	Ebert asks Franklin, pointing to a color photo of Linda Franklin on a projection screen.	1
Ebert asked Franklin, pointing to a color photo of Linda Franklin on a projection screen.	Ebert asked Linda Franklin, pointing to a color photo of her on a projection screen.	1
Ebert asked Franklin, pointing to a color photo of Linda Franklin on a projection screen.	Ebert asked Linda Franklin pointing to a color photo of Linda Franklin on a projection screen.	1
Ebert asked Franklin, pointing to a color photo of Linda Franklin on a projection screen.	Ebert asked Franklin. He pointed to a color photo of Linda Franklin on a projection screen.	1
Ebert asked Franklin, pointing to a color photo of Linda Franklin on a projection screen.	Ebert asked Linda Franklin, pointing to a color photo of Linda Franklin on a projection screen.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index (.SPX>) was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.	The broad Standard and Poor's 500 Index (.SPX) was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.	Is the broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index (.SPX) up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06?	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index (SPX) was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.	1
Republican officials said the advertising buy was proof that Democrats are panicking that they were losing their stature on Medicare.	Republican official said the advertising buy was proof that Democrats are panicking that they were losing their stature on Medicare.	1
Republican officials said the advertising buy was proof that Democrats are panicking that they were losing their stature on Medicare.	Republican officials said the advertising buy was proof that Democrats were panicking that they were losing their stature on Medicare.	1
Republican officials said the advertising buy was proof that Democrats are panicking that they were losing their stature on Medicare.	Republican officials say the Advertising buy was proof that Democrats are panicking that they were losing their stature on Medicare.	1
Republican officials said the advertising buy was proof that Democrats are panicking that they were losing their stature on Medicare.	Republican officials say the advertising buy was proof that Democrats are panicking that they were losing their stature on Medicare.	1
Moore was expected to be discharged from the hospital Thursday or Friday, according to Jackie Green, a spokeswoman for the show's press agent.	Moore was expected to be discharged from the hospital Thursday or Friday, according to Jackie Green, a spokesperson for the show's press agent.	1
Moore was expected to be discharged from the hospital Thursday or Friday, according to Jackie Green, a spokeswoman for the show's press agent.	Moore is expected to be discharged from the hospital Thursday or Friday, according to Jackie Green, a spokeswoman for the show's press agent.	1
The merged company will keep the Interwoven name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale.	The merged company will be located in Sunnyvale and will continue to operate under the Interwoven name.	1
The merged company will keep the Interwoven name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale.	The merged company will keep Interwoven's name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale.	1
The merged company will keep the Interwoven name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale.	The merged company will retain the Interwoven name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale.	1
The merged company will keep the Interwoven name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale.	The merger will keep the Interwoven name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale.	1
Apple has also built a new VPN (define) server into Panther Server that supports Mac OS X, Windows or UNIX clients using PPTP and L2TP tunneling protocols.	Apple also built a new VPN (define) server into Panther Server that supports Mac OS X, Windows or UNIX clients using PPTP and L2TP tunneling protocols.	1
Apple has also built a new VPN (define) server into Panther Server that supports Mac OS X, Windows or UNIX clients using PPTP and L2TP tunneling protocols.	Apple has built a new VPN (define) server into Panther Server that supports Mac OS X, Windows or UNIX clients using PPTP and L2TP tunneling protocols.	1
I never organised a youth camp for the diocese of Bendigo.	Never did I organise youth camps for the diocese of Bendigo.	1
I never organised a youth camp for the diocese of Bendigo.	I've never organized a youth camp for the diocese of Bendigo.	1
I never organised a youth camp for the diocese of Bendigo.	I never organized a youth camp for the Diocese of Bendigo.	1
I never organised a youth camp for the diocese of Bendigo.	I never organized a youth camp for the diocese of Bendigo.	1
I never organised a youth camp for the diocese of Bendigo.	I never organised youth camp for the diocese of Bendigo.	1
I never organised a youth camp for the diocese of Bendigo.	I never organized youth camp for the diocese of Bendigo.	1
Bush's aides describe Omaha as the most crucial stop, since Sen. Ben Nelson (D-Neb.) has become their top lobbying target on the tax cut package.	President Bush's aides describe Omaha as the most crucial stop, since Sen. Ben Nelson (D-Neb.) has become their top lobbying target on the tax cut package.	1
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.	The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation that Hewlett-Packard Co. will be bidding for the company.	1
He had performed outside Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	He had performed outside of Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and many European countries.	1
He had performed outside Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	He had performed on numerous occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	1
He had performed outside Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	He had performed on several occasions outside Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	1
He had performed outside Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	He had performed abroad many times, including shows in the USA last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	1
He had performed outside Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	He has performed outside Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	1
He had performed outside Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	He had performed on multiple occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	1
He had performed outside Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	He had performed abroad on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	1
He had performed outside Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	He had performed outside of Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year, Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	1
He had performed outside Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	He had performed outside of Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	1
He had performed outside Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	He had performed several times outside of Cuba, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	1
He had performed outside Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	He had performed in various countries outside Cuba, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	1
He had performed outside Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	He had performed in several countries outside of Cuba on several occasions, including shows in the US last year and in Brazil, South Africa and several European countries.	1
The European Commission, the EU's antitrust enforcer, is expected to issue its decision next spring — unless a settlement is reached.	The European Commission, the EU's antitrust enforcement agency, is expected to issue its decision next spring — unless a settlement is reached.	1
The European Commission, the EU's antitrust enforcer, is expected to issue its decision next spring — unless a settlement is reached.	The European Commission, the EU's antitrust enforcement, is expected to issue its decision next spring — unless a settlement is reached.	1
Since Perkins' arrival at UConn in 1990 from Maryland, UConn has fielded six national championship teams in three sports - men's and women's basketball and men's soccer.	Since Perkins arrived at UConn in 1990 from Maryland, UConn has fielded six national championship teams in three sports - men's and women's basketball and men's soccer.	1
Since Perkins' arrival at UConn in 1990 from Maryland, UConn has fielded six national championship teams in three sports - men's and women's basketball and men's soccer.	Since Perkins joined UConn in 1990 from Maryland, UConn has fielded six national championship teams in three sports - men's basketball and women's soccer.	1
"So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive," she told jurors.	'So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive,' she told jurors.	1
"So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive," she told jurors.	So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime he didn't commit in order to survive," she told jurors.	1
"So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive," she told jurors.	"So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive", she told jurors.	1
"So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive," she told jurors.	"So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit, in order to survive," she told jurors.	1
"So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive," she told jurors.	So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive," she told jurors.	1
"So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive," she told jurors.	Sebastian did his best to convincely confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive, she told jurors.	1
"So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive," she told jurors.	So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive, "she told jurors."	1
"So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive," she told jurors.	So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive, she told jurors.	1
"So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive," she told jurors.	So Sebastian did his best to convincely confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive," she told jurors.	1
Twenty percent of Latino students and 23 percent of black students performed at proficient or higher.	Twenty percent of Latino students and 23 percent of black students were proficient or higher.	1
Twenty percent of Latino students and 23 percent of black students performed at proficient or higher.	Twenty percent of Latino and 23 percent of black students performed at proficient or higher.	1
Twenty percent of Latino students and 23 percent of black students performed at proficient or higher.	Twenty percent of Latino students performed proficient or higher. 23 percent of black students performed proficient or higher.	1
Although Prempro pills were used in the study, the researchers said they had no evidence that other brands were safer.	The researchers used the medication Prempro in the study, but added they had no evidence that other brands were safe.	1
Although Prempro pills were used in the study, the researchers said they had no evidence that other brands were safer.	Prempro pills were used in the study, but the researchers said they had no evidence that other brands were safer.	1
Although Prempro pills were used in the study, the researchers said they had no evidence that other brands were safer.	While Prempro pills were used in the study, the researchers said they had no evidence that other brands were safer.	1
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.	The dead woman was wearing a ring and a cartier watch.	1
Novell is acquiring SuSe Linux in a $210 million cash deal subject to regulatory approval.	Novell is buying SuSe Linux in a cash deal worth $210 million. The deal is subject to regulatory approval.	1
Novell is acquiring SuSe Linux in a $210 million cash deal subject to regulatory approval.	Novell has acquired SuSe Linux in a $210 million cash deal subject to regulatory approval.	1
Novell is acquiring SuSe Linux in a $210 million cash deal subject to regulatory approval.	Novell will acquire SuSe Linux in a $210 million cash deal subject to regulatory approval.	1
Novell is acquiring SuSe Linux in a $210 million cash deal subject to regulatory approval.	Novell is buying SuSe Linux in a $210 million cash deal subject to regulatory approval.	1
Almihdhar and Alhazmi were aboard American Airlines Flight 77, which crashed into the Pentagon.	Almihdhar and Alhazmi were on American Airlines Flight 77, which crashed into the Pentagon.	1
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jury to "give her a fair shake."	1
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to give her a fair shake ".	1
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked jurors to give her a "fair shake."	1
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	Andy Savage, who represents Renee Britt, asked the jurors to give her a fair shake.	1
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked jurors to "give her a fair shake."	1
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to give her a fair shake.	1
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	Andy Savage, who represents Renee Britt, told the jurors to give her a fair shake.	1
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	Andy Savage, who represents Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake."	1
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	Andy Savage, who represents Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake"	1
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked jurors to "give her a fair shake"	1
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, told the jurors to "give her a fair shake."	1
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked jurors to give her a fair shake.	1
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake"	1
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake."	1
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, said the jury was entitled to give her a fair shake.	1
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake".	1
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, told the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	1
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, told the jurors to give her a fair shake.	1
Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake.	Andy Savage, who is representing Renee Britt, asked the jurors to "give her a fair shake. "	1
Another soldier died and three were wounded when their vehicle hit a land mine or a piece of unexploded ordnance in Baghdad, a military statement said Tuesday.	Another soldier died and three were wounded when their vehicle hit a land mine or a piece of unexploded ordnance in Baghdad, said a military statement Tuesday.	1
Dennehy's family reported him missing June 19, seven days after he was last seen on campus.	Dennehy's family reported him missing on June 19, seven days after he was last seen on campus.	1
Dennehy's family reported him missing June 19, seven days after he was last seen on campus.	Dennehy's family reported him missing June 19. Seven days after he was last seen on campus.	1
Dennehy's family reported him missing June 19, seven days after he was last seen on campus.	Dennehy's family reported him missing June 19 seven days after he was last seen on campus.	1
Dennehy's family reported him missing June 19, seven days after he was last seen on campus.	Dennehy's family reported him missing on June 19. Seven days after he was last seen on campus.	1
The WWF also thinks a further 13,000 animals are being caught every year around the Straits of Gibraltar and in nearby areas.	The WWF thinks an additional 13,000 animals are being caught every year around the Straits of Gibraltar and in nearby areas.	1
The WWF also thinks a further 13,000 animals are being caught every year around the Straits of Gibraltar and in nearby areas.	The WWF thinks a further 13,000 animals are being caught every year around the Straits of Gibraltar and in nearby areas.	1
Most of that - $51 billion - was for American troops in Iraq, while another $10 billion was for U.S. forces in Afghanistan.	Most of that, $51 billion, was for American troops in Iraq, while another $10 billion was for U.S. forces in Afghanistan.	1
Two of his cousins members of the Jordanian royal family have been mentioned as possible contenders to the throne.	Two of his cousins members of the Jordanian royal family have been mentioned as possible contenders for the throne.	1
Two of his cousins members of the Jordanian royal family have been mentioned as possible contenders to the throne.	Two cousins members of the Jordanian royal family have been mentioned as potential candidates for throne.	1
Two of his cousins members of the Jordanian royal family have been mentioned as possible contenders to the throne.	Two cousins of the Jordanian royal family have been mentioned as possible candidates for the throne.	1
Two of his cousins members of the Jordanian royal family have been mentioned as possible contenders to the throne.	Two of his cousins members of the Jordanian royal family have been mentioned as possible candidates for the throne.	1
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta including a blast at the 1996 Olympics and one in Alabama.	He is charged with three bombings in Atlanta including one at the 1996 Olympics and one in Alabama.	1
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta including a blast at the 1996 Olympics and one in Alabama.	He is charged with three bombings in Atlanta including a blast at the 1996 Olympics and one in Alabama.	1
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	A race observer sits in the passenger seat following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	1
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	Race observer sits in passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	1
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	Race observers sit in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	1
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	The race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	1
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	1
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	Race watcher sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	1
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	During a race the spectator sits in the passenger seat of the car following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	1
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	Race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	1
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	In a race, a race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	1
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	In a race, the observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record the broken rules and track of the car's time.	1
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.	Justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.	1
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.	And the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.	1
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.	The justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.	1
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.	The Justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.	1
The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear again before court on July 8.	The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear again before court on July 8th.	1
The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear again before court on July 8.	The two men were remanded in custody and are scheduled to appear again before the Court on July 8.	1
The single currency dropped to 136.94 yen compared with its late U.S. level of 137.64.	This single currency dropped to 136.94 yen compared with its late U.S. level of 137.64.	1
A second Indonesian, Imam Samudra, the so-called "field commander" of the bombings, was sentenced to death last month.	A second Indonesian, Imam Samudra, was sentenced to death last month. He was the so-called "field commander" of the bombings.	1
A second Indonesian, Imam Samudra, the so-called "field commander" of the bombings, was sentenced to death last month.	Another Indonesian, Imam Samudra, the so-called "field commander" of the bombings, was sentenced to death last month.	1
Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006, U.S. Airways said in a release.	Bombardier and Embraer will each delivery 85 jets by September 2006, U.S. Airways said in a release.	1
Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006, U.S. Airways said in a release.	Bombardier and Embraer will deliver 85 jets by September 2006, U.S. Airways said in a release.	1
Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006, U.S. Airways said in a release.	Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006, US Airways said in a release.	1
Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006, U.S. Airways said in a release.	By September 2006, Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets, U.S. Airways said in a release.	1
Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006, U.S. Airways said in a release.	Bombardier and Embraer are going to deliver 85 jets in September 2006, U.S. Airways said in a release.	1
Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006, U.S. Airways said in a release.	In September 2006, Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets, according to U.S. Airways, according to a release.	1
Bombardier and Embraer will each deliver 85 jets by September 2006, U.S. Airways said in a release.	U.S. Airways announced in a release that Bombardier and Embraer would deliver 85 jets by September 2006.	1
"No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racing's top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event," Wheeler said in a statement.	"No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racing's top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event," Wheeler said.	1
"No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racing's top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event," Wheeler said in a statement.	No matter who becomes the sponsor of stock-car racing's top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event," Wheeler said in a statement.	1
"No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racing's top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event," Wheeler said in a statement.	"No matter who becomes sponsor for stock-car racing's top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event," Wheeler said in a statement.	1
"No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racing's top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event," Wheeler said in a statement.	No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racing's top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event," Wheeler said in a statement.	1
"No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racing's top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event," Wheeler said in a statement.	No matter who becomes sponsor of stock-car racing's top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event," Wheeler said in a statement.	1
"Californians understand that we have some real problems in the state and they want common-sense solutions, and recall isnt one of them," Davis adviser Roger Salazar said.	"Californians understand that we have some real problems in the state and they want common-sense solutions, and recall isn't one of them," Davis adviser Roger Salazar said.	1
"Californians understand that we have some real problems in the state and they want common-sense solutions, and recall isnt one of them," Davis adviser Roger Salazar said.	Californians understand that we have some real problems in the state and they want common-sense solutions, and recall isnt one of them," Davis adviser Roger Salazar said.	1
"Californians understand that we have some real problems in the state and they want common-sense solutions, and recall isnt one of them," Davis adviser Roger Salazar said.	Davis' adviser Roger Salazar said Californians understand that we have some real problems in the state and they want common-sense solutions, and recall isnt one of them.	1
The news comes after Drax's American owner, AES Corp. AES.N , last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer.	The news comes after Drax's American owner, AES Corp. AES.N, last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer.	1
Mizuho's (JP:8411: news, chart, profile) shares closed up 3,500 yen, or 4.8 percent, to 76,800 yen.	Mizuho's (JP:8411: news, chart, profile) share closed up 3,500 yen, or 4.8 percent, to 76,800 yen.	1
Mizuho's (JP:8411: news, chart, profile) shares closed up 3,500 yen, or 4.8 percent, to 76,800 yen.	Stocks of Mizuho's (JP:8411: news, chart, profile) closed up 3,500 yen (4.8 percent) to 76,800 yen.	1
Mizuho's (JP:8411: news, chart, profile) shares closed up 3,500 yen, or 4.8 percent, to 76,800 yen.	The share price of Mizuho's (JP:8411: news, chart, profile) closed up 3,500 yen, or 4.8 percent, to 76,800 yen.	1
A 64 year-old paedophile described by police as the "most prolific Internet groomer ever caught" has been jailed for five years.	A 64 year old paedophile described by police as the "most prolific Internet groomer ever caught" has been jailed for five years.	1
A 64 year-old paedophile described by police as the "most prolific Internet groomer ever caught" has been jailed for five years.	A 64 year old paedophile, described by police as the "most prolific Internet groomer ever caught", has been jailed for five years.	1
A 64 year-old paedophile described by police as the "most prolific Internet groomer ever caught" has been jailed for five years.	A 64 year old paedophile described by police as the "most prolific internet groomer ever caught" has been jailed for five years.	1
Sylvan Shalom, the Israeli Foreign Minister, said there was a possibility that Mr Bush “will come to this area”.	Sylvan Shalom, the Israeli Foreign Minister, said there is a possibility that Mr Bush “will come to this area”.	1
Sylvan Shalom, the Israeli Foreign Minister, said there was a possibility that Mr Bush “will come to this area”.	Sylvan Shalom, the Israeli Foreign Minister said there is a possibility that Mr Bush will come to "the area".	1
Sylvan Shalom, the Israeli Foreign Minister, said there was a possibility that Mr Bush “will come to this area”.	Sylvan Shalom, the Israeli Foreign Minister, said that there is a possibility that Mr. Bush will come to this area.	1
Sylvan Shalom, the Israeli Foreign Minister, said there was a possibility that Mr Bush “will come to this area”.	Sylvan Shalom, the Israeli Foreign Minister, said there is a possibility that Mr Bush will come to this area”.	1
Sylvan Shalom, the Israeli Foreign Minister, said there was a possibility that Mr Bush “will come to this area”.	Israeli Foreign Minister Sylvan Shalom, said there is a possibility that Mr. Bush will come to this area”.	1
"Now, the other guy, he's ashamed of his party," Street said to crowd laughter.	"Now, the other guy, he's ashamed of his party", Street said to crowd laughter.	1
"Now, the other guy, he's ashamed of his party," Street said to crowd laughter.	"Now the other guy, he's ashamed of his party," Street said to crowd laughter.	1
"Now, the other guy, he's ashamed of his party," Street said to crowd laughter.	"And the other guy, he's ashamed of his party," Street said to crowd laughter.	1
"Now, the other guy, he's ashamed of his party," Street said to crowd laughter.	Now the other guy, he's ashamed of his party, Street said to crowd laughter.	1
"Now, the other guy, he's ashamed of his party," Street said to crowd laughter.	Now, the other guy, he's ashamed of his party," Street said to crowd laughter.	1
Some 26.5 million shares changed hands, more than three times the daily average over 10 days of 6.8 million.	Some 26.5 million shares changed hands, more than three times the daily average over 10 days of 6.8 million shares.	1
Some 26.5 million shares changed hands, more than three times the daily average over 10 days of 6.8 million.	About 26.5 million shares changed hands, more than three times the daily average over 10 days of 6.8 million.	1
He also said it is too early to know whether a second wave might occur later in the winter.	It is too early to know whether a second wave will occur later in the winter, he said.	1
He also said it is too early to know whether a second wave might occur later in the winter.	He also said it is too early to know whether a second wave will occur later in the winter.	1
He also said it is too early to know whether a second wave might occur later in the winter.	He said it is too early to know whether a second wave might occur later in the winter.	1
"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	1
"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	"Right from the beginning we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay."	1
"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anybody take a cut in pay.	1
"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay. "	1
"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay. We didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay. "	1
"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	Right from the start, we didn't want to see anybody take a cut in pay."	1
"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	Right from the beginning, we didn't want anyone taking a cut in pay."	1
"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay."	1
"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay."	1
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	The transition is slated to start no later than June 7, Dayton said.	1
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	As of now, Dayton said that transition will begin no later than June 7.	1
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	The transition will begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	1
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	Dayton said the transition is slated to begin no later than June 7.	1
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	This transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	1
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7 Dayton said.	1
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	Dayton says it expects the transition to begin no later than June 7.	1
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.	Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.	1
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.	Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent of the vote.	1
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.	Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent of the vote.	1
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.	Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the votes while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent of the vote.	1
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.	Miodrag Zivkovic of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the votes while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent of the votes.	1
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.	Miodrag Zivkovic, from the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote, while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent of the vote.	1
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.	Miodrag Zivkovic of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent of the vote.	1
The Phillies were upset that Counsell had stolen second in the sixth inning with Arizona leading 7-1.	The Phillies were upset that Counsell stole second in the sixth inning with Arizona leading 7-1.	1
The Phillies were upset that Counsell had stolen second in the sixth inning with Arizona leading 7-1.	The Phillies were upset that Mike Counsell stole second in the sixth inning with Arizona leading 7-1.	1
On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad.	On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers were sent to Baghdad.	1
Shares of the company, the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. BTU.N , were up more than 3 percent in afternoon trade.	Shares of the company, the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. BTU.N, were up more than 3 percent in afternoon trade.	1
Shares of the company, the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. BTU.N , were up more than 3 percent in afternoon trade.	Shares of the company, the second largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. BTU.N., were up more than 3 percent in afternoon trade.	1
Shares of the company, the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. BTU.N , were up more than 3 percent in afternoon trade.	The shares of the second largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. BTU.N, were up more than 3 percent in afternoon trading.	1
Shares of the company, the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. BTU.N , were up more than 3 percent in afternoon trade.	Shares of the company, the second largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. BTU.N, were up more than 3 percent in afternoon trade.	1
Shares of the company, the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. BTU.N , were up more than 3 percent in afternoon trade.	Shares of the company, the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. BTU.N., were up more than 3 percent in afternoon trade.	1
He said his hatred for such people grew from these discussions and had helped convince him violence was the answer.	He said his hatred for such people grew from these conversations and had helped convince him violence was the answer.	1
He said his hatred for such people grew from these discussions and had helped convince him violence was the answer.	He said his hatred for such people grew from these discussions and had helped convinced him violence was the answer.	1
He said his hatred for such people grew from these discussions and had helped convince him violence was the answer.	Eventually he said his hatred for such people grew from these discussions and had helped convince him violence was the answer.	1
Under the plan being announced Wednesday in Washington, GM will provide Dow manufacturing plants with trucks containing fuel cell conversion equipment.	Under the plan being announced Wednesday in Washington, GM will supply Dow manufacturing plants with trucks containing fuel cell conversion equipment.	1
The American Film Institute recently named her the top female screen legend.	The American Film Institute has recently named her the top female screen legend.	1
The American Film Institute recently named her the top female screen legend.	The American Film Institute named her the top female screen legend.	1
The American Film Institute recently named her the top female screen legend.	The American Film Institute just named her as a Top Female Screen Legend.	1
The American Film Institute recently named her the top female screen legend.	The American Film Institute named her as the top female screen legend.	1
The American Film Institute recently named her the top female screen legend.	She is a female film icon. In fact, the American Film Institute recently named her the top female screen legend.	1
The American Film Institute recently named her the top female screen legend.	She was recently named the female screen legend by the American Film Institute.	1
The American Film Institute recently named her the top female screen legend.	She was recently named the female screen legend of the American Film Institute.	1
The American Film Institute recently named her the top female screen legend.	The American Film Institute has named her the Top Female Screen Legend.	1
The American Film Institute recently named her the top female screen legend.	She has been voted the top female screen legend by the American Film Institute.	1
The American Film Institute recently named her the top female screen legend.	The American Film Institute has named her the best female screen legend.	1
That story also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.	A similar story named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.	1
That story also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.	In that story, also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.	1
That story also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.	On the other hand, that story also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.	1
That story also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.	In that same story, the authors also called archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.	1
That story also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.	And the story also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.	1
That story also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.	In that story also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.	1
That story also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.	In that story, it also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.	1
That story also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.	In that story, there were archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.	1
That story also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.	The article also named archbishops Harry J. Flynn, of Minneapolis-St. Paul, and Edwin F. O'Brien, of the Military Services, as possible candidates.	1
A demolitions expert for JI, al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	A demolition expert for JI, al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	1
A demolitions expert for JI, al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	A demolition expert of JI, al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	1
A demolitions expert for JI, al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	Al-Ghozi, a demolition expert for JI, was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	1
A demolitions expert for JI, al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	A demolition expert of JI, Al-Ghozi, was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	1
A demolitions expert for JI, al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	A demolition expert for JI, Al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	1
A demolitions expert for JI, al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	A demolitions expert for JI al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	1
A demolitions expert for JI, al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	The demolitions expert of JI, al-Ghozi, was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	1
A demolitions expert for JI, al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	One demolition expert for JI, al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	1
A demolitions expert for JI, al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	A demolition expert for JI, al-Ghozi, was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	1
But Abraham said changes in air-pollution rules would be up to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).	Abraham said changes in air-pollution rules would be up to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).	1
"There is no need for one deadline for all to create the ASEAN Economic Community," Thaksin said.	There is no need for a one-time deadline for creating the ASEAN Economic Community," Thaksin said.	1
"There is no need for one deadline for all to create the ASEAN Economic Community," Thaksin said.	There is no need for one deadline for all to create the ASEAN Economic Community, Thaksin said.	1
"There is no need for one deadline for all to create the ASEAN Economic Community," Thaksin said.	"There is no need for one deadline for all to create the ASEAN Economic Community", Thaksin said.	1
"There is no need for one deadline for all to create the ASEAN Economic Community," Thaksin said.	There is no need for one date for all to create ASEAN Economic Community, Thaksin said.	1
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said.	"Biotechnology products may be safer than conventional products, if anything, because of all the testing," Fraley said.	1
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said.	"Biotechnology products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said.	1
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.	Is Boeing's board also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines?	1
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.	At its December meeting, Boeing's board is expected to decide whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines or not.	1
Bo Hitchcock, Levin's attorney, declined to comment Friday.	Bo Hitchcock, Levin's lawyer, declined to comment Friday.	1
The announcement was made during the recording of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops, and many elite from Italian society, witnesses said.	The announcement was made during the recording of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops, and many elite Italians, witnesses said.	1
The announcement was made during the recording of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops, and many elite from Italian society, witnesses said.	That announcement happened during the recording of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops, and many elite Italian society, witnesses said.	1
They face charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	They face charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of police officers.	1
They face charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	Defendants face robbery charges and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	1
They face charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	They are charged with robbery and impersonation of a police officer.	1
They face charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	They face charges of robbery and impersonation of a police officer.	1
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing how serious the problem remains.	According to him, the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing how serious the problem remains.	1
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing how serious the problem remains.	He said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing how serious the problem remains.	1
"Kahuku Ranch has world - class qualities - tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity."	"Kahuku Ranch has world - class qualities - tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity. "	1
"Kahuku Ranch has world - class qualities - tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity."	"Kahuku Ranch has world class qualities - tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity."	1
"Kahuku Ranch has world - class qualities - tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity."	"Kahuku Ranch has world-class qualities - tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity."	1
"Kahuku Ranch has world - class qualities - tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity."	"Kahuku Ranch has world class qualities - tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity. "	1
"Kahuku Ranch has world - class qualities - tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity."	The Kahuku Ranch is world - class qualities - tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity."	1
"Kahuku Ranch has world - class qualities - tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity."	"Kahuku Ranch has world - class qualities - tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity.	1
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.	Southwest Airlines said it had inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.	1
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.	Southwest Airlines said it has inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.	1
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.	Southwest Airlines said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.	1
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.	Southwest has already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.	1
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.	Southwest says it's already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.	1
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.	Southwest says it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.	1
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.	Southwest Airlines says it has already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.	1
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.	Southwest says it has inspected its 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.	1
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	This additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	1
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	The addition brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	1
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	The addition of food aid brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	1
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	The contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	1
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	This contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	1
"It ends tonight," a grim Keanu Reeves announces, in the trailer for The Matrix Revolutions.	In the trailer for the Matrix Revolutions, "It ends tonight," a grim Keanu Reeves announces.	1
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.	Axelrod's daughter, Nina, told the Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.	1
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.	Axelrod's daughter, Nina, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.	1
Media moguls jostled for position as the deadline for bids for Vivendi Universal's U.S. entertainment empire neared on Monday in an auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.	As the deadline for bids for Vivendi Universal's U.S. entertainment empire neared on Monday, media moguls jostled for position as the deadline for bids for auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.	1
Stewart said she intends to declare her innocence and proceed to trial if she is indicted, her lawyer said in a statement.	Stewart said she will declare her innocence and proceed to trial if she is indicted, her lawyer said in a statement.	1
"Three Weeks in October" goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.	"Three Weeks in October" hits stores Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C., sniper shootings started.	1
"Three Weeks in October" goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.	The release of "Three Weeks in October" will go on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.	1
"Three Weeks in October" goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.	"Three Weeks in October" is on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.	1
"Three Weeks in October" goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.	"Three Weeks in October" will go on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.	1
"Three Weeks in October" goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.	Three weeks in October" goes on sale Monday, nearly a year after the Washington, D.C.-area sniper shootings started.	1
Klitschko said: "I'm excited to box in Los Angeles first and then against Lennox Lewis.	Klitschko said: "I'm excited to box in Los Angeles first and then against Lennox Lewis. "	1
Klitschko said: "I'm excited to box in Los Angeles first and then against Lennox Lewis.	Klitschko: "I'm excited to box in Los Angeles first and then against Lennox Lewis."	1
Klitschko said: "I'm excited to box in Los Angeles first and then against Lennox Lewis.	Klitschko: "I'm excited to fight in Los Angeles first and then against Lennox Lewis.	1
Klitschko said: "I'm excited to box in Los Angeles first and then against Lennox Lewis.	Klitschko said: "I'm excited to box in Los Angeles first and then against Lennox Lewis."	1
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.	SIA says that the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.	1
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.	According to the SIA, the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.	1
The SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.	SIA says the DRAM market is expected to grow 2.9 percent to $15.7 billion in 2003 and 43 percent to $22.5 billion in 2004.	1
He said the Senate has confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Bush took office and "I don't see much broken."	He said the Senate has confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Bush took office and "I don't see much broken"	1
He said the Senate has confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Bush took office and "I don't see much broken."	"The Senate has confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Bush took office," he said. "I don't see much broken."	1
He said the Senate has confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Bush took office and "I don't see much broken."	"The Senate has confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Bush took office and I don't see much broken."	1
He said the Senate has confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Bush took office and "I don't see much broken."	He said the Senate has confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Bush took office and "I don't see much broken".	1
He said the Senate has confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Bush took office and "I don't see much broken."	So far the Senate has confirmed 124 judicial nominees since Bush took office and "I don't see much broken."	1
The 60-year-old millionaire hugged his attorneys, saying: "Thank you so much."	The 60-year-old millionaire hugged his attorneys, saying: "Thank you so much"	1
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".	Report cites marriage of the alleged operational commander of Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".	1
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".	Report cites marriage of alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".	1
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".	In the report, the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, was married to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman."	1
This deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over," Geer added.	This deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over" Geer said.	1
This deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over," Geer added.	This deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computer rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over," Geer said.	1
This deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over," Geer added.	This deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities all over the world," Geer said.	1
This deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over," Geer added.	This deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over," Geer said.	1
Last month, 62 Spanish peacekeepers died when their plane crashed in Turkey as they were returning home.	Last month, 62 Spanish peacekeepings died when their plane crashed in Turkey as they were returning home.	1
Last month, 62 Spanish peacekeepers died when their plane crashed in Turkey as they were returning home.	62 Spanish peacekeepers died last month when their plane crashed in Turkey as they were returning home.	1
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.	The lawsuit's lawyers began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.	1
Quattrone is accused of obstructing justice by helping to encourage co-workers in an e-mail to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals.	Quentone is accused of obstructing justice by helping to encourage co-workers in e-mail to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals.	1
Quattrone is accused of obstructing justice by helping to encourage co-workers in an e-mail to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals.	Quattrone is accused of obstructing justice by helping to encourage co-workers in an email to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals.	1
Quattrone is accused of obstructing justice by helping to encourage co-workers in an e-mail to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals.	Quattrone has been accused of obstructing justice in an e-mail by helping to encourage co-workers to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals.	1
Of 456 women who had experienced stress, 24 (5.3%) had developed breast cancer.	Of 456 women who experienced stress, 24 (5.3%) had developed breast cancer.	1
Of 456 women who had experienced stress, 24 (5.3%) had developed breast cancer.	Among 456 women experiencing stress, 24 (5.3%) had developed breast cancer.	1
Of 456 women who had experienced stress, 24 (5.3%) had developed breast cancer.	Of the 456 women who experienced stress, 24 (5.3%) had developed breast cancer.	1
Of 456 women who had experienced stress, 24 (5.3%) had developed breast cancer.	Of the 456 women who had experienced stress, 24 (5.3%) had developed breast cancer.	1
Of 456 women who had experienced stress, 24 (5.3%) had developed breast cancer.	Of 456 women who had experienced stress, 24 (5,3 %) had developed breast cancer.	1
Werdegar also said Intel's servers were not harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.	Werdegar said Intel's servers were not harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.	1
Werdegar also said Intel's servers were not harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.	Werdegar said Intel's servers were not harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the emails stop, which Hamidi honored.	1
Werdegar also said Intel's servers were not harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.	Werdegar also said Intel's servers were not harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the emails stop, which Hamidi honored.	1
Werdegar also said Intel's servers were not harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the e-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.	Werdegar said that Intel's servers were not harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the emails stop, which Hamidi honored.	1
If the subsidies are not repealed, the European Union is threatening trade sanctions against the United States.	If the subsidy is not repealed, the European Union is threatening trade sanctions against the United States.	1
If the subsidies are not repealed, the European Union is threatening trade sanctions against the United States.	If the subsidies are not repealed, the EU is threatening trade sanctions against the United States.	1
If the subsidies are not repealed, the European Union is threatening trade sanctions against the United States.	If EU subsidies are not repealed, the EU is threatening trade sanctions against United States.	1
If the subsidies are not repealed, the European Union is threatening trade sanctions against the United States.	If the subsidies are not repealed, the European Union will be threatening trade sanctions against the United States.	1
If the subsidies are not repealed, the European Union is threatening trade sanctions against the United States.	If subsidies are not repealed, the European Union is threatening trade sanctions against the United States.	1
If the subsidies are not repealed, the European Union is threatening trade sanctions against the United States.	If subsidies aren't repealed, the European Union is threatening trade sanctions against the United States.	1
If the extra equity for the project cannot be found, AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent.	If the additional equity of the project cannot be found, AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent.	1
If the extra equity for the project cannot be found, AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent.	If the extra equity for the project cannot be found, the AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent.	1
If the extra equity for the project cannot be found, AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent.	Assuming the extra equity for the project cannot be found, AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent.	1
If the extra equity for the project cannot be found, AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent.	If the extra equity can not be found, AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent.	1
If the extra equity for the project cannot be found, AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent.	If the extra equity can't be found, AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent.	1
If the extra equity for the project cannot be found, AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent.	If the equity is not found for the project, austmag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent.	1
If the extra equity for the project cannot be found, AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent.	If the extra equity cannot be found, AustMag directors will have to abandon the project in order to avoid trading while the company is insolvent.	1
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.	Microsoft has awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.	1
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.	Microsoft recently awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.	1
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.	Microsoft is getting a patent for an instant messaging feature that alerts a user if the person is inputting a message.	1
Microsoft has been awarded a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.	Microsoft has won a patent for a feature in instant messaging that alerts a user when the person they are communicating with is inputting a message.	1
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.	The body of Leon Williams was found inside the third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.	1
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.	The body of Leon Williams was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.	1
Leon Williams' body was found inside his third-floor apartment at 196 Bay St., in Tompkinsville.	The body of Leon Williams has been found inside his third floor apartment at 196 Bay St., Tompkinsville.	1
Prosecutors said the investment was a breach of duty and resulted in the pension fund immediately losing $1 million.	Prosecutors say the investment was a breach of duty and resulted in the pension fund immediately losing $1 million.	1
Prosecutors said the investment was a breach of duty and resulted in the pension fund immediately losing $1 million.	The pension fund lost $1 million. Prosecutors said the investment was a breach of duty and resulted in the pension fund immediately losing $1 million.	1
Prosecutors said the investment was a breach of duty and resulted in the pension fund immediately losing $1 million.	Pension fund immediately lost $1 million. Prosecutors said the investment was a breach of duty and resulted in the pension fund immediately losing $1 million.	1
Prosecutors said the investment was a breach of duty and resulted in the pension fund immediately losing $1 million.	The pension fund immediately lost $1 million. Prosecutors said the investment was a breach of duty and resulted in the pension fund immediately losing $1 million.	1
Santa Clara-based Intel had sought the injunction, arguing that Hamidi was trespassing on its computer servers just as though he were intruding on private property.	In Santa Clara, Intel had sought the injunction, arguing that Hamidi was trespassing on its computer servers just as though he were intruding on private property.	1
Santa Clara-based Intel had sought the injunction, arguing that Hamidi was trespassing on its computer servers just as though he were intruding on private property.	In Santa Clara, the Intel Corp. had sought the injunction, arguing that Hamidi was trespassing on its servers just as though he were intruding on private property.	1
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.	Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of Internet Explorer, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.	1
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.	Microsoft said on Friday that it is discontinuing development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.	1
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.	Microsoft said Friday it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.	1
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.	Microsoft said on Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.	1
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.	Microsoft said on Friday it was halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.	1
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.	Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.	1
Microsoft said Friday that it is halting development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.	Microsoft announced Friday that it was discontinuing development of future Macintosh versions of its Internet Explorer browser, citing competition from Apple Computer's Safari browser.	1
"The only thing that I know for certain is that these are bad people," Bush told a joint news conference with Blair.	"The only thing that I know for sure is that these are bad people," Bush said in a joint press conference with Blair.	1
"The only thing that I know for certain is that these are bad people," Bush told a joint news conference with Blair.	"The only thing that I know for sure is that these are bad people," Bush told a joint news conference with Blair.	1
New cases of SARS might continue to appear, the authors write ominously, "until the stratospheric supply of the causative agent becomes exhausted."	If new cases of SARS were to appear, they might continue to appear, the authors write ominously, "until the stratospheric supply of the causative agent becomes exhausted."	1
Such a letter indicates the government intends to pursue an indictment and believes it has substantial evidence to support an indictment, the company said.	"This letter indicates the government intends to pursue an indictment and believes it has substantial evidence to support an indictment," the company said.	1
Such a letter indicates the government intends to pursue an indictment and believes it has substantial evidence to support an indictment, the company said.	In such a letter the government intends to pursue an indictment and believes it has substantial evidence to support the indictment, the company said.	1
Furthermore, with the target fed funds rate at 1 percent, "substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted."	With the target fed funds rate at 1 percent, "substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted."	1
Furthermore, with the target fed funds rate at 1 percent, "substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted."	With the target fed funds rate at 1 percent, "substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted"	1
Furthermore, with the target fed funds rate at 1 percent, "substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted."	With the target fed funds rate at 1%, "substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted."	1
The Communicator can also consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application.	Can the Communicator also consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application.	1
The Communicator can also consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application.	Can the Communicator be used to combine e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application?	1
The Communicator can also consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application.	The Communicator can also merge e-mails from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into one application.	1
The Communicator can also consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application.	The Communicator is able to consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application.	1
The Communicator can also consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application.	Can The Communicator also consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application.	1
The Communicator can also consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application.	Can Communicator also consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application.	1
The Communicator can also consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application.	Using the Communicator you can also merge e-mails from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application.	1
The Communicator can also consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application.	Can the Communicator also consolidate e-mail from multiple screen names and other POP and IMAP accounts into a single application?	1
"This is a cloud hanging over their credibility, their word," said Hagel.	'This is a cloud hanging over their credibility, their word,' said Hagel.	1
"This is a cloud hanging over their credibility, their word," said Hagel.	This is a cloud hanging over their credibility, their word." said Hagel.	1
Workers' taxable income then is reduced by that amount.	In actual fact, workers' taxable income is reduced by that amount.	1
Workers' taxable income then is reduced by that amount.	Employers' taxable income can then be reduced by that amount.	1
Workers' taxable income then is reduced by that amount.	Workingmen's taxable income then is reduced by that amount.	1
Workers' taxable income then is reduced by that amount.	If there is a reduction of workers' taxable income then the workers' taxable income will be reduced by that amount.	1
He transferred another 10 million shares to a charitable trust and these shares were also liquidated.	After transferring his remaining 10 million shares to a charitable trust, these shares were also liquidated.	1
The player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.	The player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.	1
The player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.	Upon witnessing a player's bloodshot eyes, a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18, well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.	1
The player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.	When the player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.	1
The player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.	During a blood-alcohol test, the player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.	1
"Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected."	"Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected"	1
"Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected."	"Even though the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously anticipated. "	1
"Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected."	"While the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect of external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected."	1
"Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected."	Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected."	1
"Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected."	Despite the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected.	1
"Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected."	"Assuming the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected"	1
"Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected."	"Despite the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected.	1
"Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected."	The prospects of external demand for UK output are weaker than previously expected, although the preconditions for recovery remain in place.	1
The outbreak was especially intense in Colorado, where within the past month more than 6,300 people have been infected and at least six have died.	The outbreak was particularly intense in Colorado, where within the past month more than 6,300 people have been infected and at least six have died.	1
The outbreak was especially intense in Colorado, where within the past month more than 6,300 people have been infected and at least six have died.	In Colorado, the outbreak has been particularly intense, where within the past month more than 6,300 people have been infected and at least six have died.	1
But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	Virgin want to operate Concorde routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	1
But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	1
But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	Virgin is planning to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	1
But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	Virgin wants to operate Concorde in New York, Barbados, and Dubai.	1
But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	Virgin wants to operate the Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	1
But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	Virgin wants to operate Concorde in New York, Barbados and Dubai.	1
But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	Virgin wants to launch Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	1
But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	But Virgin wants to operate Concorde in New York, Barbados and Dubai.	1
But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	Virgin wants to run Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	1
But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	Virgin wants to run Concorde routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	1
But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	Virgin wants to operate Concorde to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	1
But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	Virgin Airways wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	1
But Virgin wants to operate Concorde on routes to New York, Barbados and Dubai.	Virgin wants to operate Concorde in new york, Barbados and Dubai.	1
The ministers also intend to initiate plans for a national centre for disease control.	Also, the ministers intend to initiate plans for the national centre for disease control.	1
The ministers also intend to initiate plans for a national centre for disease control.	The ministers intend to initiate plans for creating a national centre for disease control.	1
Taiwan ranked No. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	Taiwan ranked No. 3 in the world after China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	1
Taiwan ranked No. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	Taiwan ranked third in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	1
Taiwan ranked No. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	In the World, Taiwan ranked No.3 behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	1
Taiwan ranked No. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	Taiwan ranks no. 3 in the world after China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	1
Taiwan ranked No. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	Taiwan is ranked no. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	1
Taiwan ranked No. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	Taiwan ranks no. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	1
Taiwan ranked No. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	Taiwan is the third country in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	1
Taiwan ranked No. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	Taiwan is ranked 3rd in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	1
Taiwan ranked No. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	Taiwan is No. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	1
She noted some fast-food chains, including McDonald's, already display calorie information in their stores or on their Web sites.	She pointed out that some fast-food chains, including McDonald's, already display calorie information in their stores or on their Web sites.	1
She noted some fast-food chains, including McDonald's, already display calorie information in their stores or on their Web sites.	She noted some fast food chains, including McDonald's, already display calorie information in their stores or on their Web sites.	1
He tried to fight off officers and was taken to a hospital after a police dog bit him but was later released.	He tried to fight off police and was taken to a hospital after a dog bit him but was later released.	1
The announcement, which economists said was not a surprise, may be bittersweet for the millions of Americans without jobs.	The announcement, which economists said was not a surprise, may be bittersweet for millions of Americans without jobs.	1
Not only had Bashir given his blessing but he had asked "that we hit the target well", Mr Bafana said.	Not only had Bashir given his blessing but he had asked that "that we hit the target well", Mr Bafana said.	1
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.	Five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after the incident yesterday, said Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe.	1
Farmland Foods President George Richter said, "With Smithfield's support and leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it."	George Richter, president, Farmland Foods said, "With Smithfield's support and leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it."	1
Farmland Foods President George Richter said, "With Smithfield's support and leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it."	George Richter, President of Farmland Foods, said, "With Smithfield's support and leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it."	1
Farmland Foods President George Richter said, "With Smithfield's support and leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it."	George Richter, Farmland Foods' President stated, "With Smithfield's support and leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it."	1
Farmland Foods President George Richter said, "With Smithfield's support and leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it."	George Richter, Farmland Foods president, said: "With Smithfield's support and leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it."	1
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.	The Panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for duties within 60 days.	1
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.	The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for duties within 60 days.	1
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.	The panel order the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.	1
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.	Panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for duties within 60 days.	1
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.	The panel order the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for duties within 60 days.	1
Kenneth "Supreme" McGriff was sentenced to 37 months in prison for illegally possessing a handgun as a convicted felon at a firing range in Maryland.	Kenneth 'Supreme' McGriff was sentenced to 37 months in prison for illegally possessing a handgun as a convicted felon at a firing range in Maryland.	1
Kenneth "Supreme" McGriff was sentenced to 37 months in prison for illegally possessing a handgun as a convicted felon at a firing range in Maryland.	Kenneth "Supreme" McGriff was sentenced to 37 months in prison for illegally possessing a handgun as a convicted felon at a shooting range in Maryland.	1
Kenneth "Supreme" McGriff was sentenced to 37 months in prison for illegally possessing a handgun as a convicted felon at a firing range in Maryland.	Kenneth "Supreme" McGriff sentenced to 37 months in prison for illegally possessing a handgun as a convicted felon at a firing range in Maryland.	1
Kenneth "Supreme" McGriff was sentenced to 37 months in prison for illegally possessing a handgun as a convicted felon at a firing range in Maryland.	Kenneth "Supreme" McGriff has been sentenced to 37 months in prison for illegally possessing a handgun as a convicted felon at a firing range in Maryland.	1
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.	A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin ups.	1
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.	A beauty contest is to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.	1
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.	Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for the supreme leader Khamenei's death.	1
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.	Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for Khamenei's death. Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for the supreme leader Khamenei's death.	1
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.	Protesters had been calling for the termination of Khamenei's death. They had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for the Supreme leader Khamenei's death.	1
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.	Protesters were calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for the supreme leader Khamenei's death.	1
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.	Protesters had been calling for the end to Khamenei's life. They had been calling for an end to the country's hardline establishment and for the supreme leader Khamenei's death.	1
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.	Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for the supreme leader Khamenei's death. They had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment.	1
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.	Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for the death of supreme leader Khamenei. They had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment.	1
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.	Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for the death of supreme leader Khamenei.	1
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.	Protesters had been calling for the end of the country's hard-line establishment and for the supreme leader Khamenei's death.	1
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.	Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for Khamenei's death. They had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment.	1
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.	Protesters had been calling for the end to the country's hard-line establishment and for the supreme leader Khamenei's death.	1
A number of conflicting standards and media formats exist today making the digital home complex to set-up and manage.	A number of conflicting standards and media formats exist today making the digital home complex to set up and manage.	1
A number of conflicting standards and media formats exist today making the digital home complex to set-up and manage.	Digital home: A number of conflicting standards and media formats exist today making the digital home complex to set-up and manage.	1
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission.	Asked if the Delegates could leave on Friday, Surya Dharma, police intelligence chief in Aceh, told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission.	1
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission.	Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not leave because they did not have proper permission.	1
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission.	Asked if delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not leave because they didn't have proper permission.	1
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission.	Asked whether the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not leave because they did not have proper permission.	1
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission.	Asked whether the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission.	1
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission.	Asked if the delegation could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not because they didn't have proper permission.	1
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission.	Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, Surya Dharma, police intelligence chief in Aceh, told reporters they could not leave because they did not have proper permission.	1
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission.	Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, Surya Dharma, police intelligence chief in Aceh, told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission.	1
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission.	Asked whether delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not because they didn't have proper permission.	1
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission.	Asked if the delegates could leave Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission.	1
Some 175 million shares traded on the Big Board, a 7 percent increase from the same time a week ago.	Around 175 million shares traded on the Big Board, a 7 percent increase from the same time a week ago.	1
Some 175 million shares traded on the Big Board, a 7 percent increase from the same time a week ago.	Some 175 million shares traded on Big Board, a 7 percent increase from the same time a week ago.	1
Some 175 million shares traded on the Big Board, a 7 percent increase from the same time a week ago.	About 175 million shares traded on the Big Board, a 7 percent increase from the same time a week ago.	1
The government defeated the rebel motion by 297 votes to 117 in the 659-seat House of Commons.	In the 659-seat House of Commons, the government defeated the rebel motion by 297 votes to 117.	1
The government defeated the rebel motion by 297 votes to 117 in the 659-seat House of Commons.	In the 659-seat house of commons, the government defeated the rebel motion by 297 votes to 117.	1
Peter Smith, a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona, leads the $325 million Phoenix mission.	Peter Smith, an planetary scientist at the University of Arizona, leads the $325 million Phoenix mission.	1
Peter Smith, a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona, leads the $325 million Phoenix mission.	Peter Smith, a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona, led the $325 million Phoenix mission.	1
Peter Smith, a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona, leads the $325 million Phoenix mission.	Peter Smith, Planetary Scientist at the University of Arizona, leads the $325 million Phoenix mission.	1
Peter Smith, a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona, leads the $325 million Phoenix mission.	Peter Smith is a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona. He leads the 325 million Phoenix mission.	1
Peter Smith, a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona, leads the $325 million Phoenix mission.	Peter Smith is a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona, who leads the $325 million Phoenix mission.	1
Peter Smith, a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona, leads the $325 million Phoenix mission.	Peter Smith is a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona. He leads the $325 million Phoenix mission.	1
Peter Smith, a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona, leads the $325 million Phoenix mission.	Peter Smith is a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona. Peter Smith led the $325 million Phoenix mission.	1
Peter Smith, a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona, leads the $325 million Phoenix mission.	Peter Smith is a planetary scientist at the University of Arizona. He is responsible for the $325 million Phoenix mission.	1
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.	The new Army commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commander, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.	1
The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	Finals will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	1
The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	The Final will be Oct. 12 at the new Home Depot Center in Carson.	1
The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	The final will be held at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	1
The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	The final was at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	1
The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	The Final is at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12. The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	1
The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	The final is Oct. 12 at the new Home Depot Center in Carson.	1
The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	The final is at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	1
The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	The Final is at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	1
The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	The Finals will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	1
The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	The final will be in the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	1
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.	In early morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.	1
In morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.	In the morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Coca-Cola shares were down 34 cents at $43.67.	1
The study found that only about one-third of parents of sexually experienced 14-year-olds knew their children were having sex.	Research suggests that only about one third of parents of sexually experienced 14-year-olds knew their child was having sex.	1
WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.	WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July 2002.	1
Mr. Bush said he was taking the action in response to Hamas's claim of responsibility for the bus bombing in Israel on Tuesday that killed 20 people.	Bush said he was taking the action in response to Hamas' claim of responsibility for the bus bombing in Israel on Tuesday that killed 20 people.	1
Mr. Bush said he was taking the action in response to Hamas's claim of responsibility for the bus bombing in Israel on Tuesday that killed 20 people.	Mr. Bush said he was taking the action in response to Hamas's claim of responsibility for the bus bombing on Tuesday killing 20 people in Israel.	1
Mr. Bush said he was taking the action in response to Hamas's claim of responsibility for the bus bombing in Israel on Tuesday that killed 20 people.	Mr. Bush said he was taking action in response to Hamas' claim of responsibility for the bus bombing in Israel on Tuesday that killed 20 people.	1
Mr. Bush said he was taking the action in response to Hamas's claim of responsibility for the bus bombing in Israel on Tuesday that killed 20 people.	Mr. Bush said he was taking action in response to Hamas's claim of responsibility for the bus bombing in Israel on Tuesday that killed 20 people.	1
Mr. Bush said he was taking the action in response to Hamas's claim of responsibility for the bus bombing in Israel on Tuesday that killed 20 people.	Mr. Bush said he was taking the action in response to Hamas' claim of responsibility for the bus bombing in Israel on Tuesday that killed 20 people.	1
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	Had the creditors turned down the bailout, the lg group could have been forced to close down its credit card business.	1
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, the LG Group might have been forced to shut down its credit card business.	1
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	Should the creditors have turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	1
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.	On Monday, the Dow dropped 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.	1
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.	On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having lost 2.3 percent last week.	1
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.	On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1%, at 8,983.80, after losing 2.3 percent last week.	1
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.	On Monday, the Dow dropped 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, after losing 2.3 percent last week.	1
The vulnerability affects NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.	This vulnerability affects NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, Windows 2000, Windows XP and Windows Server 2003.	1
He found that men who had ejaculated more than five times a week in their 20s were a third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life.	He found that men who had ejaculated more than five times a week in their 20s were one third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life.	1
He found that men who had ejaculated more than five times a week in their 20s were a third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life.	He found that men who ejaculated more than five times a week in their 20s were a third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life.	1
"I know of no pressure," said Mr. Feith, the under secretary of defense for policy.	"I know of no pressure" said Mr. Feith, the under secretary of defense for policy.	1
"I know of no pressure," said Mr. Feith, the under secretary of defense for policy.	"I know there's no pressure" said Mr. Feith, the under secretary of defense for policy.	1
"I know of no pressure," said Mr. Feith, the under secretary of defense for policy.	I know of no pressure," said Mr. Feith, the under secretary of defense for policy.	1
"I know of no pressure," said Mr. Feith, the under secretary of defense for policy.	I know of no pressure, said Mr. Feith, the under secretary of defense for policy.	1
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats to our future -- terrorism -- this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," he said.	"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats to our future -- terrorism -- this Bush administration chose to settle old scores" he said.	1
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats to our future -- terrorism -- this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," he said.	Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats to our future -- terrorism -- this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," he said.	1
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats to our future -- terrorism -- this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," he said.	"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats to our future -- terrorism -- this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," said he.	1
Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged Tuesday with murder in five slayings between December and February, and also is suspected of a 1997 killing in the state of Georgia.	Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged with murder Tuesday in five killings between December and February, and is suspected of a 1997 killing in Georgia.	1
Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged Tuesday with murder in five slayings between December and February, and also is suspected of a 1997 killing in the state of Georgia.	Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged Tuesday with murder in five slayings between December and February, and also is suspected of a 1997 killing in Georgia.	1
Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged Tuesday with murder in five slayings between December and February, and also is suspected of a 1997 killing in the state of Georgia.	Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged Tuesday with murder in five slayings between December and February, and is also suspected of a 1997 killing in the state of Georgia.	1
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.	Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-FL, criticized FDA's efforts in Florida.	1
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.	Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized FDA's efforts in Florida.	1
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.	Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticised FDA's efforts in Florida.	1
Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticized the FDA's efforts in Florida.	Rep. Peter Deutsch, D-Fla., criticizes the FDA's efforts in Florida.	1
The number of hostnames using BSD is nearing four million, while the number of active sites is nearly two million, Netcraft said.	The number of hostnames using BSD is approaching four million, while the number of active sites is nearly two million, Netcraft said.	1
The number of hostnames using BSD is nearing four million, while the number of active sites is nearly two million, Netcraft said.	Number of hostnames using BSD is nearing four million, while the number of active sites is nearly two million, Netcraft said.	1
The latest arrests come as police continue to question a suspected "potential suicide bomber" detained in the south western town of Gloucester last Thursday.	The latest arrests come as police continue to question a suspected suicide bomber detained in the south western town of Gloucester last Thursday.	1
The latest arrests come as police continue to question a suspected "potential suicide bomber" detained in the south western town of Gloucester last Thursday.	The latest arrests come as police continue to question a suspected suicide bomber in the south western town of Gloucester last Thursday.	1
Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released Tuesday.	Dotson confessed to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released Tuesday.	1
Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released Tuesday.	Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him" according to an arrest warrant released Tuesday.	1
Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released Tuesday.	Dotson admits to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him" according to an arrest warrant released Tuesday.	1
Dotson admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released Tuesday.	Dotson confessed to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him" according to an arrest warrant released Tuesday.	1
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month - sliding down to 6.1 percent - as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.	In this time period, the civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month - sliding down to 6.1 percent - as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.	1
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month - sliding down to 6.1 percent - as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.	The civilian unemployment rate - sliding down to 6.1 percent - was reduced last month as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.	1
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month - sliding down to 6.1 percent - as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.	The civilian unemployment rate - sliding down to 6.1 percent - was lower last month as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.	1
Vanderpool said the gunmen were retaliating because the other group had taken the smugglers' human cargo earlier.	Vanderpool said gunmen were retaliating because the other group had taken the smugglers' human cargo earlier.	1
Vanderpool said the gunmen were retaliating because the other group had taken the smugglers' human cargo earlier.	Vanderpool said the gunmen were retaliating because the other group had taken the smugglers' human cargo earlier. Vanderpool said the gunmen were retaliating because the other group had taken the smugglers' human cargo earlier.	1
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.	The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8%, to 1700.34.	1
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.	The Nasdaq Composite Index (Nasdaq) rose 13.70, or 0.8%, to 1700.34.	1
The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34.	The Nasdaq composite index rose 13.70, or 0.8 per cent, to 1700.34. This is a rise of 0.2 per cent.	1
The proposal likely would result in the election of 22 Republicans and 10 Democrats to Congress, instead of the state's current 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans, officials say.	Would the proposal likely result in the election of 22 Republicans and 10 Democrats to Congress, instead of the state's current 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans, officials say.	1
"After careful analysis, WHO has concluded that the risk to travelers to Beijing is now minimal," Omi said today at a news conference in Beijing.	After careful analysis, WHO concludes that the risk to travelers to Beijing is now minimal," Omi said today at a news conference in Beijing.	1
If requested by outside authorities, however, the FCC will provide data from system audit logs to support external investigations of improper Internet use.	If requested by external authorities, however, the FCC will provide data from system audit logs to support external investigations of improper Internet use.	1
If requested by outside authorities, however, the FCC will provide data from system audit logs to support external investigations of improper Internet use.	When requested by outside authorities, however, the FCC will provide data from system audit logs to support external investigations of improper Internet use.	1
If requested by outside authorities, however, the FCC will provide data from system audit logs to support external investigations of improper Internet use.	If requested by external authorities, however, the FCC will provide data from system audit logs to support external investigations of improper internet use.	1
"This fire is going to have a great potential to get into those areas," Oltrogge said.	This fire is going to have a great potential to get into those areas," Oltrogge said.	1
"This fire is going to have a great potential to get into those areas," Oltrogge said.	“This fire is going to have a great potential to get into those areas," Oltrogge said.	1
"This fire is going to have a great potential to get into those areas," Oltrogge said.	This fire is going to have a great potential to get into those areas, Oltrogge said.	1
"This fire is going to have a great potential to get into those areas," Oltrogge said.	Is this fire going to have a great potential to get into those areas," Oltrogge said.	1
"This fire is going to have a great potential to get into those areas," Oltrogge said.	This fire is going to have a great potential to get into those areas,' Oltrogge said.	1
Freddie Mac shares were down more than 16 per cent at $50.18 at midday yesterday.	Freddie Mac shares were down more than 16% at $50.18 at midday yesterday.	1
Freddie Mac shares were down more than 16 per cent at $50.18 at midday yesterday.	Shares of Freddie Mac were down more than 16% at $50.18 at midday yesterday.	1
Freddie Mac shares were down more than 16 per cent at $50.18 at midday yesterday.	The shares of Freddie Mac were down more than 16 per cent at $50.18 at midday yesterday.	1
Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons.	Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans to nuclear weapons.	1
Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons.	Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans to develop nuclear weapons.	1
Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons.	Iran has until the end of the month to convince the agency it has no plans to build nuclear weapons.	1
Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons.	Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the nuclear agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons.	1
Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons.	Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans to acquire nuclear weapons.	1
Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons.	Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans to produce nuclear weapons.	1
Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons.	Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency that it has no plans for nuclear weapons.	1
Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons.	Iran has until the end of the month to prove to the agency that it has no plans to produce nuclear weapons.	1
Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons.	Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency that it does not have plans to launch nuclear weapons.	1
Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons.	Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans to create nuclear weapons.	1
Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons.	Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency that it has no plans to nuclear weapons.	1
Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons.	Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency that it has no plans to use nuclear weapons.	1
Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans for nuclear weapons.	Iran has until the end of the month to satisfy the agency it has no plans to build nuclear weapons.	1
At a hearing before U.S. District Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum, she was released without bail until her next court appearance June 19.	After a hearing before U.S. District Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum, she was released without bail until her next court appearance June 19.	1
At a hearing before U.S. District Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum, she was released without bail until her next court appearance June 19.	In a hearing before U.S. District Judge Miriam Goldman Cedarbaum, she was released without bail until her next court appearance June 19.	1
It says the intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.	As for the police, it says the intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.	1
It says the intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.	With the creation of the intervention force, it says it will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.	1
It says the intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.	This intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.	1
The Fed afterglow lingered well into Wednesday and enhanced demand for the second installment of a massive U.S. Treasury refunding -- $18 billion in five-year notes.	The Fed afterglow lingered well into Wednesday and increased demand for the second installment of a massive U.S. Treasury refunding -- $18 billion in five-year notes.	1
The Fed afterglow lingered well into Wednesday and enhanced demand for the second installment of a massive U.S. Treasury refunding -- $18 billion in five-year notes.	Fed afterglow lingered well into Wednesday and enhanced demand for the second installment of a massive U.S. Treasury refunding -- $18 billion in five-year notes.	1
The Fed afterglow lingered well into Wednesday and enhanced demand for the second installment of a massive U.S. Treasury refunding -- $18 billion in five-year notes.	Fed afterglow lingered well into Wednesday and enhanced demand for the second installment of a massive U.S. Treasury refund -- $18 billion in five-year notes.	1
The Fed afterglow lingered well into Wednesday and enhanced demand for the second installment of a massive U.S. Treasury refunding -- $18 billion in five-year notes.	Fed afterglow was well into Wednesday and enhanced demand for the second installment of a massive U.S. Treasury refunding -- $18 billion in five-year notes.	1
The Fed afterglow lingered well into Wednesday and enhanced demand for the second installment of a massive U.S. Treasury refunding -- $18 billion in five-year notes.	The Fed afterglow lingered well into Wednesday and enhanced demand for the second installment of the massive U.S. Treasury refunding -- $18 billion in five-year notes.	1
The Fed afterglow lingered well into Wednesday and enhanced demand for the second installment of a massive U.S. Treasury refunding -- $18 billion in five-year notes.	Fed afterglow lingered well into Wednesday and increased demand for the second installment of a massive U.S. Treasury refunding -- $18 billion in five-year notes.	1
Citigroup Inc. C.N , the world's largest financial services company, on Wednesday promoted Marjorie Magner to chairman and chief executive of its global consumer group.	Citigroup Inc. C.N, the world's largest financial services company, on Wednesday promoted Marjorie Magner to chairman and chief executive of its global consumer group.	1
Citigroup Inc. C.N , the world's largest financial services company, on Wednesday promoted Marjorie Magner to chairman and chief executive of its global consumer group.	Citigroup Inc. C.N., the world's largest financial services company, on Wednesday promoted Marjorie Magner to chairman and chief executive of its global consumer group.	1
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger.	The festival kicked off yesterday, a day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger.	1
The festival kicked off yesterday one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger.	The festival kicked off yesterday, one day after the Competition Commission delivered its final verdict to the Government on the proposed £4.1 billion merger.	1
Aileen Boyle, a Simon & Schuster spokeswoman, declined to comment on any potential legal action.	Aileen Boyle, a Simon & Schuster spokeswoman declined to comment on any potential legal action.	1
Aileen Boyle, a Simon & Schuster spokeswoman, declined to comment on any potential legal action.	Aileen Boyle, a Simon and Schuster spokeswoman, declined to comment on any possible legal action.	1
Aileen Boyle, a Simon & Schuster spokeswoman, declined to comment on any potential legal action.	Aileen Boyle, a Simon & Schuster spokesperson, declined to comment on any potential legal action.	1
"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	"Germany is on the right path," says Mr. Schrder, specifying his government's announced structural reform, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	1
"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reforms, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	1
"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	"Germany is on the right path", said Mr. Schrder, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	1
"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	'Germany is on the right path', Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	1
"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	'Germany is on the right path,' said Mr. Schrder, mentioning his government's announced structural reform, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	1
"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010 and cuts in taxes.	1
"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	1
"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	"Germany is on the right path", Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	1
"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	Germany is on the right path," said Mr. Schrder, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	1
"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	Germany is on the right path, said Mr. Schrder, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	1
"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	German government is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	1
"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	Germany is on the right path, says Mr. Schrder, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	1
"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	Germany is on the right track," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	1
"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	"Germany is on the right path," said Mr. Schrder, specifying his government's announced structural reform, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	1
"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	Germany is on the right path, Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	1
"Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	Germany is on the right path," Mr. Schrder said, specifying his government's announced structural reform plan, known as Agenda 2010, and cuts in taxes.	1
However, the Nasdaq composite index managed to eke out a gain of 4.64 points at 1,735.34.	Nasdaq composite index achieved a gain of 4.64 points at 1,735.34.	1
Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.	Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.	1
Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.	Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi, today.	1
Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.	Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met today with Japan's Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi.	1
Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.	M. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.	1
Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.	Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister Junichiro Koizumi.	1
"I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story," Fiorina said.	- "I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story," Fiorina said.	1
"I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story," Fiorina said.	I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story," Fiorina said.	1
"I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story," Fiorina said.	Fiorina: "I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story."	1
House Democrats renewed their push Wednesday for a deeper investigation into the handling of intelligence on Iraq's weapons program.	House Democrats renewed their push Wednesday for deeper inquiry into the handling of intelligence on Iraq's weapons program.	1
House Democrats renewed their push Wednesday for a deeper investigation into the handling of intelligence on Iraq's weapons program.	House Democrats renewed their push Wednesday for deeper investigation of the handling of intelligence on Iraq's weapons program.	1
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.	The woman was hospitalized June 15. Kansas health officials said.	1
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.	The woman was hospitalized June 15. Officials from Kansas Health said.	1
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.	The woman was hospitalized June 15 Kansas health officials said.	1
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.	The woman was hospitalized June 15 by Kansas Health officials.	1
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.	The woman was hospitalized June 15 according to Kansas health officials.	1
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.	The woman was hospitalized June 15 KS health officials said.	1
The two filed a lawsuit in 1998, alleging IBM's staff doctors never warned them that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning.	In 1998, the two files a lawsuit alleging IBM's staff doctors never warned them that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning.	1
The two filed a lawsuit in 1998, alleging IBM's staff doctors never warned them that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning.	The two filed a lawsuit in 1998, alleging that IBM's staff doctors never warned them that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning.	1
The two filed a lawsuit in 1998, alleging IBM's staff doctors never warned them that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning.	Both filed a lawsuit in 1998, alleging IBM's staff doctors never warned them that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning.	1
The two filed a lawsuit in 1998, alleging IBM's staff doctors never warned them that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning.	In their lawsuit, the two filed a lawsuit in 1998, alleging IBM's staff doctors never warned them that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning.	1
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.	The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden, did not respond to repeated phone calls.	1
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.	As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in Toronto.	1
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.	As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in Toronto region.	1
As of Wednesday, there were 65 probable SARS cases in the Toronto region.	As of Wednesday there were 65 probable SARS cases in Toronto region.	1
The government said FirstEnergy Nuclear determined that a contractor had established an unprotected high-speed computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the "Slammer" infection to spread internally.	The government said FirstEnergy Nuclear determined that a contractor had established an unprotected high-speed computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the 'Slammer' infection to spread internally.	1
The government said FirstEnergy Nuclear determined that a contractor had established an unprotected high-speed computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the "Slammer" infection to spread internally.	This government said FirstEnergy Nuclear determined that a contractor had established an unprotected high-speed computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the Slammer infection to spread internally.	1
The government said FirstEnergy Nuclear determined that a contractor had established an unprotected high-speed computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the "Slammer" infection to spread internally.	The government said that FirstEnergy Nuclear determined that a contractor had established an unprotected high-speed computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the Slammer virus to spread internally.	1
The government said FirstEnergy Nuclear determined that a contractor had established an unprotected high-speed computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the "Slammer" infection to spread internally.	The government said FirstEnergy Nuclear determined that a contractor had established an unprotected high-speed computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the Slammer infection to spread internally.	1
The government said FirstEnergy Nuclear determined that a contractor had established an unprotected high-speed computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the "Slammer" infection to spread internally.	The government said that FirstEnergy Nuclear determined that a contractor had established an unprotected high-speed computer connection to its corporate network that allowed the Slammer infection to spread internally.	1
There are only 2,000 Roman Catholics living in Banja Luka now.	In Banja Luka, there are only 2,000 roman Catholics living there.	1
There are only 2,000 Roman Catholics living in Banja Luka now.	There are only 2,000 Roman Catholics living in Banja Luka.	1
There are only 2,000 Roman Catholics living in Banja Luka now.	Only 2,000 Roman Catholics are living in Banja Luka.	1
There are only 2,000 Roman Catholics living in Banja Luka now.	Only 2,000 Roman Catholics live in Banja Luka.	1
There are only 2,000 Roman Catholics living in Banja Luka now.	In Banja Luka, there are only 2,000 Roman Catholics living now.	1
There are only 2,000 Roman Catholics living in Banja Luka now.	Only 2,000 Roman Catholics live in Banja Luka now.	1
There are only 2,000 Roman Catholics living in Banja Luka now.	In Banja Luka, there are only 2,000 Roman Catholics living.	1
There are only 2,000 Roman Catholics living in Banja Luka now.	In Banja Luka, there are only about 2,000 Roman Catholics living there.	1
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.	One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane in a fire while it was still in the air.	1
It takes 100 of the 150 House members to conduct business.	It takes 100 of the 150 House members to make a business.	1
"They've been in the stores for over six weeks," says Carney.	"It has been in the stores for over six weeks," says Carney.	1
"They've been in the stores for over six weeks," says Carney.	"They've been in the store for over six weeks," says Carney.	1
"They've been in the stores for over six weeks," says Carney.	They've been in stores for over six weeks, says Carney.	1
The American Chamber of Commerce and InvestHK, which oversees investment into the territory, are talking to other bands to ask them to step in.	The American Chamber of Commerce and InvestHK, which oversees investment in the territory, are talking to other bands to ask them to step in.	1
The consensus among Wall Street analysts was for a loss of 28 cents a share.	The consensus among Wall Street analysts was for a loss of 28 cents per share.	1
We are currently trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation. . . .	We are currently trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation....	1
We are currently trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation. . . .	We are trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation....	1
"Frank Quattrone is innocent," Keker said in a statement.	"Frank Quattrone is innocent," Keker says in a statement.	1
The stalemate, over less than 1 percent of the budget, is more about politics than policy.	The stalemate over less than 1 percent of the budget, is more about politics than policy.	1
The stalemate, over less than 1 percent of the budget, is more about politics than policy.	The stalemate, over less than 1% of the budget, is more about politics than policy.	1
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	Abbas told the summit he will end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	1
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh" renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	1
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	Abbas told the summit that he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	1
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	Abbas spoke at the summit saying he would end the "armed intefadeh" and "reconcile terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	1
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	Abbas reportedly told the summit that he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	1
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	Abbas told the summit that he would end the armed intefadeh, renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	1
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	Abbas promised the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	1
While a critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million).	While critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million)	1
While a critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million).	In a critical review, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million).	1
While a critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million).	Although a critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million).	1
While a critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million).	As a critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million)	1
While a critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million).	While a critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million)	1
While a critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million).	While a critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($9,2 million)	1
While a critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million).	Despite a critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million).	1
While a critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million).	As a critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million).	1
While a critical success, Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million).	If Luhrmann's opulent production of the Puccini opera is a critical success, the opera will end with losses of about $US6 million ($A9.2 million).	1
Mr. Rollins made $721,154 in salary and $243,389 in bonuses in the prior fiscal year.	Mr. Rollins made $721,154 in salary and $243,389 in bonus in the prior fiscal year.	1
Mr. Rollins made $721,154 in salary and $243,389 in bonuses in the prior fiscal year.	MR. ROLLINS received $721,154 salary and $243,389 in bonuses in the prior fiscal year. A bonus is provided.	1
Mr. Rollins made $721,154 in salary and $243,389 in bonuses in the prior fiscal year.	In the prior fiscal year, Mr. Rollins made $721,154 in salary and $243,389 in bonuses.	1
Mr. Rollins made $721,154 in salary and $243,389 in bonuses in the prior fiscal year.	The salary of Mr. Rollins was $721,154 in the prior fiscal year and $243,389 in bonuses.	1
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.	The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen, matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.	1
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.	Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiite 20 percent.	1
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.	Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, while Shiites make up 20 percent of Pakistan.	1
Ridge said no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.	No explosives or other harmful substances are being used, Ridge said.	1
Ridge said no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.	Ridge said no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used. Ridge said no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.	1
Ridge said no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.	No actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used, Ridge said.	1
Ridge said no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.	In fact, Ridge said there's no physical explosive and no other harmful substances will be used.	1
Ridge said no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.	Ridge says no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.	1
Ridge said no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.	Ridge said no actual explosives will be used or other harmful substances will be used.	1
Ridge said no actual explosives or other harmful substances will be used.	No actual explosives will be used. Ridge said no other harmful substances will be used.	1
The report that cost Mr Forlong his career at Sky News was screened on 29 March.	When Sky News was released the report that cost Mr Forlong his career was screened on 29 March.	1
The report that cost Mr Forlong his career at Sky News was screened on 29 March.	The report that cost Mr. Forlong his career at Sky News was screened on 29 March.	1
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.	The 30-year bond US30YT=RR has jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.	1
"The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in our direction," he said of his company, formerly named Caldera Systems.	"The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in our direction," he said about his company, formerly named Caldera Systems.	1
"The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in our direction," he said of his company, formerly named Caldera Systems.	"The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in our direction," he said of his company, formerly called Caldera Systems.	1
"The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in our direction," he said of his company, formerly named Caldera Systems.	The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in our direction," he said of his company, formerly called Caldera Systems.	1
"The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in our direction," he said of his company, formerly named Caldera Systems.	The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in our direction," said the company formerly named Caldera Systems.	1
Thus far, Stewart's company appears ready to stand behind her.	So far Stewart's company appears ready to stand behind her.	1
Thus far, Stewart's company appears ready to stand behind her.	Stewart's company appears willing to stand behind her.	1
Thus far, Stewart's company appears ready to stand behind her.	So far, Stewart's company appears ready to stand behind her.	1
Thus far, Stewart's company appears ready to stand behind her.	Stewart's company appears ready to stand behind her.	1
When a mechanic found 33 pounds of marijuana in a secret compartment, Rodriguez agreed they should notify police, who then arrested him.	When a mechanic found 33 pounds of marijuana in a secret compartment, Rodriguez agreed they should inform police, who then arrested him.	1
Microsoft has proposed a work-around that consumers and enterprises should implement until a new patch is released.	Microsoft has proposed a workaround that consumers and enterprises should implement until the patch is released.	1
Microsoft has proposed a work-around that consumers and enterprises should implement until a new patch is released.	Microsoft has proposed a work-around for consumers and enterprises that consumers and enterprises should implement until a new patch is released.	1
Microsoft has proposed a work-around that consumers and enterprises should implement until a new patch is released.	Microsoft has proposed a workaround that consumers and enterprises should implement until a new patch is released.	1
Microsoft has proposed a work-around that consumers and enterprises should implement until a new patch is released.	Microsoft has proposed a work-around that consumers and enterprises should implement until the patch is released.	1
Microsoft has proposed a work-around that consumers and enterprises should implement until a new patch is released.	Microsoft has suggested a work-around that consumers and enterprises should implement until a new patch is released.	1
Take-Two also defended its right to create a "realistic" game for an adult audience.	Take-Two defended its right to create a "realistic" game for an adult audience.	1
Take-Two also defended its right to create a "realistic" game for an adult audience.	Take-Two game also defends its right to create a realistic-based game for an adult audience.	1
Take-Two also defended its right to create a "realistic" game for an adult audience.	Take-Two defended its rights to provide "realistic" video games for adults.	1
Take-Two also defended its right to create a "realistic" game for an adult audience.	Take-Two defends its right to create a "realistic" game for an adult audience.	1
Take-Two also defended its right to create a "realistic" game for an adult audience.	Take-Two defended its right to make a "realistic" game for an adult audience.	1
Take-Two also defended its right to create a "realistic" game for an adult audience.	Take-Two defended its right to create a realistic game for an adult audience.	1
Take-Two also defended its right to create a "realistic" game for an adult audience.	Take-Two has defended its rights to create a "realistic" game for an adult audience.	1
Take-Two also defended its right to create a "realistic" game for an adult audience.	Take-Two has defended its right to create a "realistic" game for an adult audience.	1
But late Thursday night, the campaign issued a statement saying there would be no news conference and no big announcement.	The campaign released a statement Thursday evening saying there would be no news conference and no big announcement.	1
But late Thursday night, the campaign issued a statement saying there would be no news conference and no big announcement.	Late Thursday night, the campaign issued a statement saying there would be no news conference and no big announcement.	1
But late Thursday night, the campaign issued a statement saying there would be no news conference and no big announcement.	In a statement issued late Thursday night, the campaign stated there would be no news conference and no big announcement.	1
But late Thursday night, the campaign issued a statement saying there would be no news conference and no big announcement.	"On Thursday night the campaign issued a statement saying there will be no news conference and no big announcement."	1
The provision requires the secretary of Health and Human Services (news - web sites) to certify that the importations can be done safely and will be cost-effective.	The provision requires the secretary of Health and Human Services (news - web sites) to certify that the importation can be done safely and will be cost-effective.	1
Ms Pike also said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit, but the Government would ensure they remained viable.	Ms Pike said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficits but the Government would ensure they remained viable.	1
Ms Pike also said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit, but the Government would ensure they remained viable.	Ms Pike also said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit but the Government would ensure they remained viable.	1
Ms Pike also said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit, but the Government would ensure they remained viable.	Ms Pike said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit but the Government would ensure they remained viable.	1
Ms Pike also said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit, but the Government would ensure they remained viable.	Ms Pike also said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit but the Government would ensure they were remained viable.	1
Ms Pike also said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit, but the Government would ensure they remained viable.	Ms Pike said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit, but the Government would ensure they remained viable.	1
Ms Pike also said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit, but the Government would ensure they remained viable.	Ms Pike said it is not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit, but the Government would ensure they remained viable.	1
This means Berlusconi will be safe from prosecution until he leaves elected office, scheduled for 2006.	So Berlusconi is safe from prosecution until he leaves office, scheduled for 2006.	1
This means Berlusconi will be safe from prosecution until he leaves elected office, scheduled for 2006.	If Berlusconi is elected, he will be safe from prosecution until he leaves elected office, scheduled for 2006.	1
They found no blood and no bones, he said.	"They found no blood and no bones, he said."	1
They found no blood and no bones, he said.	It seems like they discovered no bones and no blood, he said.	1
They found no blood and no bones, he said.	But they found no blood and no bones, he said.	1
They found no blood and no bones, he said.	No bones and no blood, he said. They found no blood and no bones.	1
Another $100-million in savings will come from management layoffs and pay cuts.	What is expected is another $100-million in savings from management layoffs and pay cuts.	1
Another $100-million in savings will come from management layoffs and pay cuts.	Another $100-million in savings will come from managers layoffs and pay cuts.	1
Another $100-million in savings will come from management layoffs and pay cuts.	A further $100-million in savings will come from managers layoffs and pay cuts.	1
Another $100-million in savings will come from management layoffs and pay cuts.	Another $100 million in savings will come from management layoffs and pay cuts.	1
Adults, who were shy as toddlers, had stronger brain activity in a part of the brain associated with coyness.	Adults who were shy as toddlers had higher brain activity in a part of the brain associated with coyness.	1
Adults, who were shy as toddlers, had stronger brain activity in a part of the brain associated with coyness.	Adults were shy as toddlers, had stronger brain activity in a part of the brain associated with coyness.	1
Adults, who were shy as toddlers, had stronger brain activity in a part of the brain associated with coyness.	Adults who were shy as toddlers had stronger brain activity in a part of the brain associated with coyness.	1
The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.	Joseph Torsella, president of the center, was hit on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.	1
The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.	Joseph Torsella, the center's president, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.	1
The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.	Joseph Torsella, the center's president, was hit on the head but able to walk to an ambulance.	1
Stanford (46-15) takes on South Carolina today at 11 a.m. in the first game of the College World Series.	Stanford (46-15) plays South Carolina today at 11 a.m. in the first game of the College World Series.	1
In recent years, he served on the faculty of the Manhattan School of Music.	In recent years, he served as the faculty of the Manhattan School of Music.	1
In recent years, he served on the faculty of the Manhattan School of Music.	In recent years, he served as faculty of the Manhattan School of Music.	1
Cohen recessed the hearing until this afternoon and said he expected to issue his findings next week.	Cohen said he expected to issue his findings next week. He recessed the hearing until this afternoon and said he expected to recessed it until this afternoon.	1
Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., declared, "The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure.	Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., declared, "The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure."	1
Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., declared, "The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure.	Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., declared, "The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure.	1
Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., declared, "The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure.	Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., declared, "The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed medical procedures.	1
Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., declared, "The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure.	Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., declared that the United States Congress has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure.	1
Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., declared, "The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure.	Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., declared: "The Congress of the United States has never outlawed a medical procedure.	1
Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., declared, "The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure.	Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., declared: "The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure.	1
Rep. Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., declared, "The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure.	Re: Louise Slaughter, D-N.Y., declared, "The Congress of the United States has never -- ever -- outlawed a medical procedure."	1
Violence persisted, with a U.S. soldier killed early Saturday while guarding a bank in west Baghdad.	Violence persisted with a US soldier killed early Saturday while guarding a bank in western Baghdad.	1
Violence persisted, with a U.S. soldier killed early Saturday while guarding a bank in west Baghdad.	Violence persisted with a U.S. soldier killed early Saturday while guarding a bank in west Baghdad.	1
Violence persisted, with a U.S. soldier killed early Saturday while guarding a bank in west Baghdad.	In the west, violence persisted, with a U.S. soldier killed early Saturday while guarding a bank in Baghdad.	1
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.	Aspen Technology Inc.'s shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.	1
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.	In addition to it, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.	1
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.	In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat. In addition, the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.	1
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.	In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr Arafat.	1
He called on Prime Minister John Howard to establish a royal commission on child sex abuse.	He called on Prime Minister John Howard to create a royal commission on child sex abuse.	1
Nick Markakis, a left-hander from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.	Nick Markakis, a left-handeder from Young Harris Junior College in Georgia, went to the Orioles with the seventh pick.	1
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.	In a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that have been issued to U.S. troops, he was the Ace of Diamonds.	1
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.	He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops. He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards.	1
But the yen's gains were capped by wariness about Japanese intervention, with some traders reporting irregular bids that smack of intervention around 118 yen.	But the yen's gains were capped by wariness about Japanese intervention, with some traders reporting irregular bids around 118 yen that smack of intervention around 118 yen.	1
But the yen's gains were capped by wariness about Japanese intervention, with some traders reporting irregular bids that smack of intervention around 118 yen.	But the yen's gains were capped by wariness about Japan intervention, with some traders reporting irregular bids that smack of intervention around 118 yen.	1
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.	The Swedish central bank meeting was also on Wednesday and was widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.	1
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.	Swedish central bank was meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.	1
Werdegar also said Intel's servers weren't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the E-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.	Werdegar also said Intel's servers weren't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the emails stop, which Hamidi honored.	1
Werdegar also said Intel's servers weren't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the E-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.	Werdegar said Intel's server wasn't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the E-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.	1
Werdegar also said Intel's servers weren't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the E-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.	Werdegar explained to them that Intel's servers weren't harmed by the computer messages and that the thousands of recipients were able to request the emails stop, which Hamidi honored.	1
Werdegar also said Intel's servers weren't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the E-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.	Werdegar said that Intel's servers weren't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the E-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.	1
Werdegar also said Intel's servers weren't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the E-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.	Werdegar said Intel's servers weren't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the E-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.	1
Werdegar also said Intel's servers weren't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the E-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.	Werdegar says Intel's servers weren't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the E-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.	1
Werdegar also said Intel's servers weren't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the E-mails stop, which Hamidi honored.	Werdegar said Intel's servers weren't harmed by the computer messages and the thousands of recipients were able to request that the emails stop, which Hamidi honored.	1
Ms. Strayhorn said she has hired a constitutional scholar to assist her staff.	Ms. Strayhorn said she hired a Constitution scholar to assist her staff.	1
Ms. Strayhorn said she has hired a constitutional scholar to assist her staff.	Ms. Strayhorn said she hired a constitutional scholar to assist her staff.	1
Ms. Strayhorn said she has hired a constitutional scholar to assist her staff.	Ms. Strayhorn says she has hired a constitutional scholar to assist her staff.	1
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.	Kansas City has drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania with the fifth pick.	1
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.	Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania with the fifth pick.	1
Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania, with the fifth pick.	Kansas City drafted outfielder Chris Lubanski with the fifth pick, from Kennedy-Kenrick High School in Pennsylvania.	1
A smaller number, 8 per cent, looked for higher profits through price increases.	A smaller number of people, 8 per cent, looked for higher profits through price increases.	1
Hampton Township is just northeast of Bay City and about 100 miles from Bloomfield Township.	Hampton Township is located just northeast of Bay City and about 100 miles from Bloomfield Township.	1
"We think that the United States of America should support the free speech of all groups," Mr. White said, objecting to Mr. Olson's recommendation.	We think that the United States of America should support the free speech of all groups," Mr. White said, objecting to Mr. Olson's recommendation.	1
"We think that the United States of America should support the free speech of all groups," Mr. White said, objecting to Mr. Olson's recommendation.	"We think that the United States of America should support the freedom of speech of all groups," Mr. White said, objecting to Mr. Olson's recommendation.	1
"We think that the United States of America should support the free speech of all groups," Mr. White said, objecting to Mr. Olson's recommendation.	"we think that the United States should support free speech of all groups", Mr. White said, objecting to Mr. Olson's recommendation.	1
"We think that the United States of America should support the free speech of all groups," Mr. White said, objecting to Mr. Olson's recommendation.	"We believe that the United States of America should support the freedom of speech of all groups," Mr. White said, objecting to Mr. Olson's recommendation.	1
RJR spends an estimated $30 million annually on NASCAR.	RJR spends around $30 million annually on NASCAR.	1
RJR spends an estimated $30 million annually on NASCAR.	RJR spends about $30 million annually on NASCAR.	1
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	But many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	1
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	Conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	1
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	Most conservatives are against condoms, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	1
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	In conservative circles, many conservatives oppose condoms, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	1
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	Some conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	1
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	Currently, many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	1
Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father, Bob Schindler.	Terri Schiavo, 39, underwent the procedure at the Tampa Bay area hospice where she has been living for several years, said her father Bob Schindler.	1
Police said they will conduct DNA tests to confirm the man's identity.	Police say that they are conducting DNA testing for the man's identity.	1
Penn Traffic filed for Chapter 11 reorganization at the end of May.	Pennsylvania Traffic filed for Chapter 11 reorganization at the end of May.	1
Penn Traffic filed for Chapter 11 reorganization at the end of May.	Penn Traffic filed for Chapter 11 reorganization in the end of May.	1
The jury verdict, reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation, followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.	The jury verdict was reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation, followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.	1
The jury verdict, reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation, followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.	Jury verdict, reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation, followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.	1
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.	Actor Noah Wyle has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, and extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.	1
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.	Noah Wyle, who plays Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.	1
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.	Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.	1
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.	Noah Wyle, who played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.	1
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.	Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the show inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.	1
More than 60 suspected cases have been reported in the United States, none of them fatal.	More than 60 suspected crimes have been reported in the United States, none of them fatal.	1
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.	When the woman felt threatened, she went to the magistrate's office, police said.	1
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.	The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office. Police said.	1
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.	She felt threatened, and went to the magistrate's office, police said.	1
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.	She felt threatened and went to magistrate's office, police said.	1
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.	She felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.	1
Medicaid is the federal and state government health insurance program for the poor.	Medicaid is a federal and state health insurance program for the poor.	1
Medicaid is the federal and state government health insurance program for the poor.	Medicaid is the federal and state government health insurance program for the poor. Medicaid is the federal and state government health insurance for the poor.	1
Medicaid is the federal and state government health insurance program for the poor.	Medicaid is a federal and state government health insurance program for the poor.	1
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.	A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, according to the state's Department of Health.	1
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.	A New Castle County woman has been named as the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.	1
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.	New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.	1
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.	A New Castle County woman became the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.	1
A New Castle County woman has become the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.	New Castle County woman became the first Delaware patient to contract the West Nile virus this year, the state's Department of Health reported.	1
The 19 face charges including racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.	The 19 faces charges including racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.	1
The 19 face charges including racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.	For their crimes, the 19 face charges including racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.	1
The 19 face charges including racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.	The 19 are charged with racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.	1
The 19 face charges including racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.	All 19 of them face charges including racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.	1
The 19 face charges including racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.	All 19 face charges including racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.	1
The 19 face charges including racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.	19 people face charges including racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.	1
The 19 face charges including racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.	19 of them face charges including racketeering, conspiracy, organized fraud, grand theft and illegal drug sales, all felonies carrying penalties of five to 30 years in prison.	1
Boeing shares fell 3.5 percent to close at $27.62 on the New York Stock Exchange, while Lockheed slipped 1.4 percent to $49.50.	Boeing shares fell 3.5 percent to close at $27.62 on the New York Stock Exchange, while Lockheed fell 1.4 percent to $49.50.	1
Searches for survivors from several previous shipwrecks have often had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for.	Searches for survivors of previous shipwrecks have often had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for.	1
Searches for survivors from several previous shipwrecks have often had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for.	Searches for survivors from several previous shipwrecks have often had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the ships and most of their passengers unaccounted for.	1
Searches for survivors from several previous shipwrecks have often had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for.	Searches for survivors from numerous previous shipwrecks have often had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for.	1
Searches for survivors from several previous shipwrecks have often had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for.	Searches for survivors from previous shipwrecks have often had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for.	1
The weapon turned out to be a Halloween toy.	The weapon turned out to be a toy for Halloween.	1
The weapon turned out to be a Halloween toy.	It turns out that the weapon turned out to be a toy for Halloween.	1
The weapon turned out to be a Halloween toy.	The weapon turned out to be a toy. It was made for Halloween.	1
UAL attorney James Sprayregen told a court hearing yesterday that it would submit a fresh business plan, but gave no indication of when.	UAL's attorney James Sprayregen said on a court hearing yesterday that it would submit a fresh business plan, but gave no indication of when.	1
UAL attorney James Sprayregen told a court hearing yesterday that it would submit a fresh business plan, but gave no indication of when.	UAL attorney James Sprayregen said at a court hearing yesterday that it would submit a fresh business plan, but gave no indication of when.	1
There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.	There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non-operative, he said.	1
There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.	There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.	1
There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.	Between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis were employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.	1
There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.	Around 400,000 – 750,000 Iraqis were employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.	1
There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.	Around 400,000 - 750,000 Iraqis are employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses are non operative, he said.	1
There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.	There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the business were non-operative, he said.	1
There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.	There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqi employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non operative, he said.	1
There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.	Whereas there were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, said he said.	1
There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.	Between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis were employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non-operative, he said.	1
There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.	There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises but most of the businesses were non operative, he said.	1
He and 13 others were arrested Monday after blocking traffic in support of striking university workers.	He and 13 others were arrested on Monday after blocking traffic in support of striking university workers.	1
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	Southwest Airlines said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	1
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	Southwest Airlines Inc. announced it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	1
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	Southwest announced it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	1
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	Southwest has now exercised its remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	1
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700 aircraft next year.	1
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	Southwest says it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	1
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	Southwest announced it has exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	1
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	Southwest Airlines announced it had exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	1
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	Southwest has confirmed that it has exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	1
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	Southwest has exercised its remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	1
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	Southwest Airlines has announced it has exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	1
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	Southwest has said it has exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	1
Southwest said it recently exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	Southwest has confirmed it has exercised remaining options for the delivery of nine Boeing 737-700s next year.	1
After 18 months, Nissen found that Lipitor stopped plaque buildup in the patients' arteries.	After 18 months, Nissen found that Lipitor stopped plaque buildup in patients' arteries.	1
After 18 months, Nissen found that Lipitor stopped plaque buildup in the patients' arteries.	After 18 months, Nissen found that Lipitor stopped plaque build up in the patients' arteries.	1
After 18 months, Nissen found that Lipitor stopped plaque buildup in the patients' arteries.	After 18 months Nissen found that Lipitor stopped plaque buildup in patients' arteries.	1
Following the ATP's notification by Hewitt's lawyers of pending action, it issued another statement that Hewitt has added to his suit.	After the ATP's notification by Hewitt's lawyers of pending action, it issued another statement that Hewitt has added to his suit.	1
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	"I'm very proud of the citizens of this state," Governor John Baldacci said.	1
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	"I am very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	1
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	"I’m very proud of the citizens of this state", Gov. John Baldacci said.	1
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	"I am proud of the citizens of our state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	1
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	"I'm very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	1
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	I m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	1
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	"I m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	1
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	I'm proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	1
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	I'm very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	1
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	I am very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	1
Dotson, 21, admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released yesterday.	Dotson, 21, admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to the arrest warrant released yesterday.	1
Dotson, 21, admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released yesterday.	Will Dotson, 21, admit to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released yesterday.	1
Dotson, 21, admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released yesterday.	Dotson, 21, confessed to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released yesterday.	1
Dotson, 21, admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him," according to an arrest warrant released yesterday.	Dotson, 21, admitted to FBI agents that he shot Dennehy in the head "because Patrick had tried to shoot him" according to an arrest warrant released yesterday.	1
If this escalation continues as Rowling concludes the saga, there may be an epidemic of Hogwarts headaches in the years to come, he wrote.	If this escalation continues as Rowling concludes the saga, there could be an epidemic of Hogwarts headaches in the years to come, he wrote.	1
If this escalation continues as Rowling concludes the saga, there may be an epidemic of Hogwarts headaches in the years to come, he wrote.	If Rowling continues to escalate as he concludes the saga, there may be an epidemic of Hogwarts headaches in the years to come, he wrote.	1
If this escalation continues as Rowling concludes the saga, there may be an epidemic of Hogwarts headaches in the years to come, he wrote.	If Rowling's escalation continues as he concludes the saga, there may be an epidemic of Hogwarts headaches in the years to come, he wrote.	1
The program, which downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it, is invisible to the computer's owner.	The program, which downloads the pornography to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it, is invisible to the computer's owner.	1
The program, which downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it, is invisible to the computer's owner.	The program, which downloads the porn material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it, is invisible to the computer's owner.	1
The program, which downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it, is invisible to the computer's owner.	The software, which downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it, is invisible to the computer's owner.	1
The program, which downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it, is invisible to the computer's owner.	In fact, the software that downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it, is invisible to the computer's owner.	1
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.	Toll, Australia's second largest transport company, offers NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail last week.	1
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.	Toll is Australia's second largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.	1
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.	Toll, Australia's second largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.	1
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.	Toll, Australia's second largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share in Tranz Rail.	1
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.	Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail last week.	1
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.	Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share in Tranz Rail.	1
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.	Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share to Tranz Rail.	1
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.	Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered a share of NZ75 for Tranz Rail.	1
On March 6, the board, most of them appointed by Gov. George Pataki, unanimously agreed to the hikes; they were implemented at the beginning of this month.	On March 6, the board, mostly appointed by Gov. George Pataki, unanimously agreed to hikes; they were implemented at the beginning of this month.	1
On March 6, the board, most of them appointed by Gov. George Pataki, unanimously agreed to the hikes; they were implemented at the beginning of this month.	On March 6, the board, mostly of them appointed by Governor George Pataki, unanimously agreed to the hikes; they were implemented at the beginning of this month.	1
On March 6, the board, most of them appointed by Gov. George Pataki, unanimously agreed to the hikes; they were implemented at the beginning of this month.	On March 6, the board, most of them appointed by Governor George Pataki, unanimously agreed to the hikes; they were implemented at the beginning of this month.	1
On March 6, the board, most of them appointed by Gov. George Pataki, unanimously agreed to the hikes; they were implemented at the beginning of this month.	On March 6, the board, most of them appointed by Gov. George Pataki, unanimously agreed to hikes; they were implemented at the beginning of this month.	1
On March 6, the board, most of them appointed by Gov. George Pataki, unanimously agreed to the hikes; they were implemented at the beginning of this month.	On March 6, the board, most of them appointed by Gov. George Pataki, unanimously agreed to the hikes; they were implemented in the beginning of this month.	1
On March 6, the board, most of them appointed by Gov. George Pataki, unanimously agreed to the hikes; they were implemented at the beginning of this month.	On March 6, the board, mostly appointed by Gov. George Pataki, unanimously agreed to the hikes; they were implemented at the beginning of this month.	1
On March 6, the board, most of them appointed by Gov. George Pataki, unanimously agreed to the hikes; they were implemented at the beginning of this month.	On March 6, the board, mostly of them appointed by Gov. George Pataki, unanimously agreed to the hikes; they were implemented at the beginning of this month.	1
From that point until costs reached $5,300, the individual would pay 100 percent of the bill.	From that point until costs reached $5,300 the individual would pay 100 percent of the bill.	1
From that point until costs reached $5,300, the individual would pay 100 percent of the bill.	From that point until costs reached $5,300, the individual would pay 100% of the bill.	1
From that point until costs reached $5,300, the individual would pay 100 percent of the bill.	Between that point until cost reached $5,300 the individual would pay 100% of the bill.	1
From that point until costs reached $5,300, the individual would pay 100 percent of the bill.	From this point until costs reached $5,300, the individual would pay 100% of the bill.	1
From that point until costs reached $5,300, the individual would pay 100 percent of the bill.	From then until costs reached $5,300, the individual would pay 100% of the bill.	1
From that point until costs reached $5,300, the individual would pay 100 percent of the bill.	From there until costs reached $5,300, the individual would pay 100 percent of the bill.	1
From that point until costs reached $5,300, the individual would pay 100 percent of the bill.	From there until costs reached $5,300, the individual would pay 100% of the bill.	1
From that point until costs reached $5,300, the individual would pay 100 percent of the bill.	From then until costs reached $5,300, the individual would pay 100 percent of the bill.	1
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.	Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, an official said.	1
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.	2 Kuwaitis and 6 Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.	1
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.	The suspects are two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports, a source said.	1
Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.	The two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports were among the suspects, the official said.	1
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.	Mail Blocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.	1
Mailblocks was founded five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.	Mailblocks was created five years after WebTV was acquired by Microsoft for $425 million.	1
The specific product that is the subject of the petition, 6000 series aluminium alloy rolled plate, is used for general-purpose engineering, tooling and die applications.	The specific product that is the subject of the petition, 6000 series aluminium alloy rolled plate, is used for general purpose engineering, tooling and die applications.	1
The specific product that is the subject of the petition, 6000 series aluminium alloy rolled plate, is used for general-purpose engineering, tooling and die applications.	This specific product that is the subject of the petition is 6000 series aluminium alloy rolled plate, is used for general-purpose engineering, tooling and die applications.	1
"We will keep fighting within the law...against this terrorist group and those who support it."	We will keep fighting within the law...against this terrorist group and those who support it."	1
"We will keep fighting within the law...against this terrorist group and those who support it."	We will fight within the law against the terrorist group and those who support it."	1
"We will keep fighting within the law...against this terrorist group and those who support it."	"We will keep fighting within the law -against this terrorist group and those who support it."	1
"We will keep fighting within the law...against this terrorist group and those who support it."	"We will keep fighting within the law against this terrorist group and those who support it."	1
"We will keep fighting within the law...against this terrorist group and those who support it."	"We will fight within the law against this terrorist group and those who support it."	1
"We will keep fighting within the law...against this terrorist group and those who support it."	We will keep fighting within the law against terrorist groups and those who support it. "	1
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	At the moment, only a third of high-speed trains are going in France, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	1
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	Just one third of high-speed trains in France were running, National Rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	1
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	Only one third of high-speed train within France were running, said national railway company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer.	1
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	Only one third of high-speed trains in France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	1
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	Only one third of high speed trains were run within France, said national railway company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer.	1
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	Only one third of all high-speed trains in France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	1
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	Only one third of fast trains in France were running, National Rail Company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	1
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	Only one third of high-speed trains in France were running, national railway company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	1
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	Only a third of the high speed train in France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	1
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	Just one third of high speed trains in France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	1
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	Only one third of the high-speed trains were running in France, National railway company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	1
Instead of remains, the Ragusas will bury a vial of Michael's blood, which he had donated to a bone marrow center.	Instead of remains the Ragusas will bury a vial of Michael's blood, which he donated to a bone marrow center.	1
Instead of remains, the Ragusas will bury a vial of Michael's blood, which he had donated to a bone marrow center.	Instead of remains, the Ragusas will bury a vial of Michael's blood, which he donated to a bone marrow center.	1
Instead of remains, the Ragusas will bury a vial of Michael's blood, which he had donated to a bone marrow center.	Instead of remains, Ragusas will bury a vial of Michael's blood, which he had donated to a bone marrow center.	1
"But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."	I question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."	1
"But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."	I question the motives of a deskbound president who takes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."	1
"But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."	I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech.	1
Two of the six people who testified before Congress Wednesday were engaged in a bitter dispute about airing Yankees games.	Two of the six people who testified before Congress Wednesday were engaged in a bitter dispute over the airing of Yankee games.	1
Two of the six people who testified before Congress Wednesday were engaged in a bitter dispute about airing Yankees games.	Two of the six people who testified before congress Wednesday were engaged in a bitter dispute about airing Yankee games.	1
Two of the six people who testified before Congress Wednesday were engaged in a bitter dispute about airing Yankees games.	Two of the six people who testified before Congress Wednesday were engaged in a bitter dispute about airing Yankee games.	1
Two of the six people who testified before Congress Wednesday were engaged in a bitter dispute about airing Yankees games.	Two of the six people who testified before congress Wednesday were engaged in a bitter dispute over airing of Yankees games.	1
The new link between Mohammed and Pearl was first reported in Tuesday's editions of The Wall Street Journal.	The link between Muhammad and Pearl was first reported in Tuesday's editions of The Wall Street Journal.	1
The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, most of them civilians.	The decades-long conflict has killed more than 10,000 people in the resource-rich province, mostly civilians.	1
In Somalia, only 26% of adolescent females (aged 10-19) have heard of Aids and just 1% know how to protect themselves.	In Somalia, only 26% of adolescent females (aged 10-19) have heard of HIV/AIDS and only 1% know how to protect themselves.	1
In Somalia, only 26% of adolescent females (aged 10-19) have heard of Aids and just 1% know how to protect themselves.	In Somalia, only 26% of adolescent females (aged 10-19) have heard of Aids and just 1% know how to protect themselves from them.	1
In Somalia, only 26% of adolescent females (aged 10-19) have heard of Aids and just 1% know how to protect themselves.	In Somalia, only 26% of adolescent females (aged 10-19) have heard of Aids and just 1% know how to protect themselves from it.	1
"Of course the FBI agent who ran him down received nothing," Mr. Connolly said.	Mr. Connolly: "Of course the FBI agent who ran him down received nothing," said Mr. Connolly.	1
"Of course the FBI agent who ran him down received nothing," Mr. Connolly said.	The FBI agent who ran him down received nothing," Mr. Connolly said.	1
At least two dozen people were killed and scores injured.	At least two dozen people were killed and scores of injured.	1
At least two dozen people were killed and scores injured.	At least two dozen people were killed and scores were injured.	1
At least two dozen people were killed and scores injured.	At least two dozen people were killed and scores of others injured.	1
At least two dozen people were killed and scores injured.	At least two dozen people were killed and scores of others were injured.	1
"This child was literally neglected to death," Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.	This child was literally neglected to death," Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.	1
"This child was literally neglected to death," Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.	The child is literally neglected to death," Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.	1
"This child was literally neglected to death," Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.	"This child was literally neglected to death," Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said. "This child was literally neglected to death."	1
"This child was literally neglected to death," Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.	"The child was literally neglected to death," Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.	1
"This child was literally neglected to death," Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.	“This child was literally neglected to death," Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.	1
"This child was literally neglected to death," Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi said.	"This child was literally neglected to death," said Armstrong County District Attorney Scott Andreassi.	1
The U.S.-backed Governing Council appointed a cabinet of 25 ministers, most of them little-known, saying they represented the will of Iraq.	U.S. backed Governing Council appointed a cabinet of 25 ministers, most of them little-known, saying they represented the will of Iraq.	1
The U.S.-backed Governing Council appointed a cabinet of 25 ministers, most of them little-known, saying they represented the will of Iraq.	"The U.S.-backed Governing Council appointed a cabinet of 25 ministers, most of them little-known, saying they represented the will of Iraq.	1
The U.S.-backed Governing Council appointed a cabinet of 25 ministers, most of them little-known, saying they represented the will of Iraq.	The U.S.-backed Governing Council appointed a cabinet of 25 ministers, most of them unknown, saying they represented the will of Iraq.	1
The U.S.-backed Governing Council appointed a cabinet of 25 ministers, most of them little-known, saying they represented the will of Iraq.	The United States-backed Governing Council appointed a cabinet of 25 ministers, most of them little-known, saying they represented the will of Iraq.	1
Police said three of them had also been detained last week and held for two days as suspects over bomb attacks in Jakarta and the North Sumatran city of Medan.	Police said 3 of them had also been detained last week and held for two days as suspects over bomb attacks in Jakarta and the North Sumatran city of Medan.	1
He said they should "not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they ... are conducting their prayers."	He said they should not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they are conducting prayers.	1
He said they should "not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they ... are conducting their prayers."	He said they should not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they... are conducting their prayers.	1
He said they should "not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they ... are conducting their prayers."	He said they "should not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they... are conducting their prayers."	1
He said they should "not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they ... are conducting their prayers."	He said they should not "not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they... are conducting their prayers."	1
The search feature works with around 120,000 titles from 190 publishers, which translates into some 33 million pages of searchable text.	The search feature works with around 120,000 titles from 190 publishers, which translates into 33 million pages of searchable text.	1
The search feature works with around 120,000 titles from 190 publishers, which translates into some 33 million pages of searchable text.	Search works with around 120,000 titles from 190 publishers, which translates into some 33 million pages of searchable text.	1
The search feature works with around 120,000 titles from 190 publishers, which translates into some 33 million pages of searchable text.	The search feature works with around 120,000 titles from 190 publishers, which translates into around 33 million pages of searchable text.	1
The search feature works with around 120,000 titles from 190 publishers, which translates into some 33 million pages of searchable text.	Search function works with around 120,000 titles from 190 publishers, which translates into some 33 million pages of searchable text.	1
The search feature works with around 120,000 titles from 190 publishers, which translates into some 33 million pages of searchable text.	- Search: The search feature works with around 120,000 titles from 190 publishers, which translates into some 33 million pages of searchable text.	1
Late trading: Placing a buy order for a mutual fund after 4 p.m. ET and getting it at that day's closing net asset value.	In late trading, placing a buy order for a mutual fund after 4 p.m. ET and getting it at that day's closing net asset value.	1
Late trading: Placing a buy order for a mutual fund after 4 p.m. ET and getting it at that day's closing net asset value.	Late trading: Placing a buy order in a mutual fund after 4 p.m. ET and getting it at that day's closing net asset value.	1
Late trading: Placing a buy order for a mutual fund after 4 p.m. ET and getting it at that day's closing net asset value.	Late trading: Placing a buy order for mutual fund after 4 p.m. ET and getting it at that day's closing net asset value.	1
Late trading: Placing a buy order for a mutual fund after 4 p.m. ET and getting it at that day's closing net asset value.	Late trading: Placing a buy order for mutual funds after 4 p.m. ET and getting it at that day's closing net asset value.	1
Late trading: Placing a buy order for a mutual fund after 4 p.m. ET and getting it at that day's closing net asset value.	In Late Trading: Placing a buy order for a mutual fund after 4 p.m. ET and getting it at that day's closing net asset value.	1
"Fighting continued until midnight," western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.	"The fighting continued till midnight," western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.	1
"Fighting continued until midnight," western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.	"Fighting continued until midnight," western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters on Sunday by satellite phone.	1
"Fighting continued until midnight," western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.	"The fight continued till midnight," Western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.	1
"Fighting continued until midnight," western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.	"The fighting continued until midnight," western rebel commander Ousmane Coulibaly told Reuters by satellite phone on Sunday.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 5.37, or 0.5 percent, to 1,020.18.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index advanced 5.37, or 0.5%, to 1,020.18.	1
Every day more American soldiers die.	With every passing day more American troops die.	1
Every day more American soldiers die.	Every day, more American soldiers die.	1
Every day more American soldiers die.	Every day, more and more American soldiers die.	1
Every day more American soldiers die.	Every day more and more American soldiers die.	1
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.	A coalition of campaign groups, including militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.	1
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.	A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national student body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.	1
A coalition of campaign groups, including the militant national students body, is backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.	An umbrella of campaign groups, including militant national students body, are backing the protests, which the NLC called in defiance of a court order banning them.	1
The Seattle band's groundbreaking grunge anthem is No. 1 on VH1's list of the "100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years."	The Seattle band's groundbreaking grunge anthem is No. 1 on VH1's list of "100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years."	1
The Seattle band's groundbreaking grunge anthem is No. 1 on VH1's list of the "100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years."	The Seattle band's groundbreaking grunge anthem is No.1 on VH1's list of the "100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years".	1
The Seattle band's groundbreaking grunge anthem is No. 1 on VH1's list of the "100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years."	The Seattle band's groundbreaking grunge anthem is No. 1 on VH1's list of "100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years".	1
The Seattle band's groundbreaking grunge anthem is No. 1 on VH1's list of the "100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years."	The Seattle band's groundbreaking grunge anthem is No. 1 on VH1's list of "100 Greatest Songs in the Past 25 Years".	1
The Seattle band's groundbreaking grunge anthem is No. 1 on VH1's list of the "100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years."	The Seattle band's groundbreaking grunge anthem is No. 1 on VH1's list of the "100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years".	1
The Seattle band's groundbreaking grunge anthem is No. 1 on VH1's list of the "100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years."	The Seattle band's groundbreaking grunge anthem is No. 1 on VH1's list of "100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years"	1
The Seattle band's groundbreaking grunge anthem is No. 1 on VH1's list of the "100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years."	The Seattle band's groundbreaking grunge anthem is No. 1 on VH1's list of the "100 Greatest Songs of the Past 25 Years"	1
In Britain, temperatures threatened to top the 37.1 C (98.8 F) all-time high.	In the United Kingdom, temperatures threatened to top the 37.1 C (98.8 F) all-time high.	1
A car and a house were hit in the latest shootings, said Chief Deputy Steve Martin of the Franklin County sheriff's office.	In the latest shooting, a car and a house were hit, said Chief Deputy Steve Martin of the Franklin County sheriff's office.	1
In a letter sent to The Times and read to the Associated Press after his resignation, Blair blamed "personal issues" and apologized for his "lapse of journalistic integrity."	In the letter sent to The Times and read to the Associated Press after Blair's resignation, Blair blamed "personal issues" and apologized for his "lapse of journalistic integrity."	1
In a letter sent to The Times and read to the Associated Press after his resignation, Blair blamed "personal issues" and apologized for his "lapse of journalistic integrity."	In a letter sent to The Times and read to The Associated Press after his resignation, Blair blamed "personal issues" and apologized for his "lapse of journalistic integrity"	1
In a letter sent to The Times and read to the Associated Press after his resignation, Blair blamed "personal issues" and apologized for his "lapse of journalistic integrity."	In a letter sent to The Times and read to the Associated Press after his resignation, Blair blamed "personal issues" and apologized for his "lapse of journalistic integrity".	1
In a letter sent to The Times and read to the Associated Press after his resignation, Blair blamed "personal issues" and apologized for his "lapse of journalistic integrity."	In a letter to The Times and read to the Associated Press after his resignation, Blair blamed "personal issues" and apologized for his "lapse of journalistic integrity."	1
In a letter sent to The Times and read to the Associated Press after his resignation, Blair blamed "personal issues" and apologized for his "lapse of journalistic integrity."	In a letter he sent to The Times and read to The Associated Press after his resignation, Blair blamed "personal issues" and apologized for his "lapse of journalistic integrity".	1
"September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," said George Scalise, president of the SIA.	September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," said George Scalise, president of the SIA.	1
"September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," said George Scalise, president of the SIA.	SIA: "September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," said George Scalise, president of the SIA.	1
"September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," said George Scalise, president of the SIA.	The September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," said George Scalise, president of the SIA.	1
"September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," said George Scalise, president of the SIA.	The September and third quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly, said George Scalise, president of the SIA.	1
No pill is ever expected to replace earplugs and other mechanical ear protection.	No pill is ever expected to replace earplugs or other mechanical ear protection.	1
Wal-Mart, the nation's largest private employer, has expanded its antidiscrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees, company officials said Tuesday.	Wal-Mart - The nation's largest private employer, has expanded its antidiscrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees, company officials said Tuesday.	1
Wal-Mart, the nation's largest private employer, has expanded its antidiscrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees, company officials said Tuesday.	Wal-Mart, the nation's largest private employer, has increased its antidiscrimination policy to protect gay and lesbian employees, company officials said Tuesday.	1
In after-hours trading, H-P shares rose 62 cents to $22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session.	In after hours trading, shares of H-P rose 62 cents to $22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session.	1
In after-hours trading, H-P shares rose 62 cents to $22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session.	H-P shares rose in after-hours trading 62 cents to $22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session.	1
In after-hours trading, H-P shares rose 62 cents to $22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session.	In after-hours trading, shares of H-P rose 62 cents to $22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session.	1
In after-hours trading, H-P shares rose 62 cents to $22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session.	In the after-hours trading, H-P shares rose 62 cents to $22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session.	1
In after-hours trading, H-P shares rose 62 cents to $22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session.	After hours trading, shares of H-P rose 62 cents to $22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session.	1
In after-hours trading, H-P shares rose 62 cents to $22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session.	In trading after hours, H-P shares rose 62 cents to $22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session.	1
In after-hours trading, H-P shares rose 62 cents to $22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session.	In the after hours trading, H-P shares rose 62 cents to $22.83 after adding 56 cents in the regular session.	1
Lower state courts and federal courts are still hearing recall several recall cases, one of which a Los Angeles court dismissed on Friday.	Low state courts and federal courts are still hearing recall several recall cases, one of which a Los Angeles court dismissed on Friday.	1
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.	To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send email to jdvorak@kctar.com.	1
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.	To reach John Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.	1
He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.	Atkinson will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.	1
He admits he occasionally lived the life of a playboy: smoking pot, chasing women and living fast and loose.	He confesses he once lived the life of a playboy: smoking pot, chasing women and living fast and loose.	1
He admits he occasionally lived the life of a playboy: smoking pot, chasing women and living fast and loose.	He admits he once lived as a playboy: smoking pot, chasing women and living fast and loose.	1
The case puts the Supreme Court back into the debate over the separation of church and state.	The case brings the Supreme Court back in the debate on the separation of church and state.	1
The case puts the Supreme Court back into the debate over the separation of church and state.	The decision puts the Supreme Court back in the debate over the separation of church and state.	1
The case puts the Supreme Court back into the debate over the separation of church and state.	The case brings the Supreme Court back into the debate over the separation of church and state.	1
The case puts the Supreme Court back into the debate over the separation of church and state.	This case puts the Supreme Court back into the debate about the separation of church and state.	1
The case puts the Supreme Court back into the debate over the separation of church and state.	The case put the Supreme Court back into the debate over the separation of church and state.	1
The case puts the Supreme Court back into the debate over the separation of church and state.	This case put the Supreme Court back into the debate over the separation of church and state.	1
In 2001, the number of death row inmates nationally fell for the first time in a generation.	In 2001, the number of death row inmates dropped for the first time in a generation.	1
In 2001, the number of death row inmates nationally fell for the first time in a generation.	In 2001, the number of death row inmates nationwide fell for the first time in a generation.	1
In 2001, the number of death row inmates nationally fell for the first time in a generation.	In 2001 the number of death row inmates in the U.S. decreased for the first time in a generation.	1
Metro, bus and local rail services in France's four largest towns -- Paris, Lyon, Lille and Marseille -- were severely disrupted, Europe 1 radio reported.	. Metro, bus and local rail services in France's four largest towns -- Paris, Lyon, Lille and Marseille -- were severely disrupted, Europe 1 radio reported.	1
Metro, bus and local rail services in France's four largest towns -- Paris, Lyon, Lille and Marseille -- were severely disrupted, Europe 1 radio reported.	Metro, bus and local rail services were severely disrupted in France's four largest towns -- Paris, Lyon, Lille and Marseille -- said Europe 1 radio.	1
Metro, bus and local rail services in France's four largest towns -- Paris, Lyon, Lille and Marseille -- were severely disrupted, Europe 1 radio reported.	Metro, bus and local rail services were severely disrupted in France's four largest towns -- Paris, Lyon, Lille and Marseille -- according to Europe 1 radio.	1
The contract also includes a $200,000 buyout.	In addition to the buyout, the contract also includes a $200,000 buyout.	1
The contract also includes a $200,000 buyout.	The agreement includes a buyout of $200,000.	1
The contract also includes a $200,000 buyout.	In addition to a buyout, the deal also includes a $200,000 buyout.	1
The contract also includes a $200,000 buyout.	The contract also includes a buyout of $200,000.	1
The contract also includes a $200,000 buyout.	In addition, the contract also includes a $200,000 buyout.	1
The contract also includes a $200,000 buyout.	Also included in the contract is a buyout of $200,000.	1
The contract also includes a $200,000 buyout.	The deal also includes a $200,000 buyout.	1
The contract also includes a $200,000 buyout.	It is also said that the contract will also include a $200,000 buyout.	1
The contract also includes a $200,000 buyout.	In addition to the buyout, the contract includes a $200,000 buyout.	1
The contract also includes a $200,000 buyout.	A $200,000 buyout was also included in the contract.	1
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.	Prosecutors alleged that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.	1
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.	Prosecutors claimed Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.	1
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.	The prosecution argued that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.	1
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.	Prosecutors said Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.	1
"The lives of American warfighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components," said Defense Department Inspector General Joseph Schmitz.	The lives of American warfighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components, said Defense Department Inspector General Joseph Schmitz.	1
"The lives of American warfighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components," said Defense Department Inspector General Joseph Schmitz.	"The lives of American warfighters can be put at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components," said Defense Department Inspector General Joseph Schmitz	1
"The lives of American warfighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components," said Defense Department Inspector General Joseph Schmitz.	The lives of American warfighters can be put at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components," said Defense Department Inspector General Joseph Schmitz.	1
In the undergraduate case, Rehnquist said the use of race was not "narrowly tailored" to achieve the university's asserted interest in diversity.	In the undergraduate case, Rehnquist said race was not "narrowly tailored" to achieve the university's asserted interest in diversity.	1
In the undergraduate case, Rehnquist said the use of race was not "narrowly tailored" to achieve the university's asserted interest in diversity.	As for the undergraduate case, Rehnquist says race was not "narrowly tailored" to achieve the university's asserted interest in diversity.	1
For the first quarter, HP pulled in $2.94 billion and captured 27.9 percent of the market.	HP pulled in $2.94 billion for the first quarter and captured 27.9 percent of the market.	1
For the first quarter, HP pulled in $2.94 billion and captured 27.9 percent of the market.	In the first quarter, HP pulled in $2.94 billion and caught 27.9 percent of the market.	1
Still, Mauresmo has the confidence of having beaten Serena for the first time and also is buoyed by Venus Williams' upset loss Sunday to Vera Zvonareva.	Mauresmo has the confidence of having beaten Serena for the first time and also is buoyed by Venus Williams' upset loss on Sunday to Vera Zvonareva.	1
Still, Mauresmo has the confidence of having beaten Serena for the first time and also is buoyed by Venus Williams' upset loss Sunday to Vera Zvonareva.	At the same time, Mauresmo is confident of having beaten Serena for the first time and is buoyed by Venus Williams' upset loss Sunday to Vera Zvonareva.	1
Still, Mauresmo has the confidence of having beaten Serena for the first time and also is buoyed by Venus Williams' upset loss Sunday to Vera Zvonareva.	Mauresmo has the confidence of having beaten Serena for the first time and is buoyed by Venus Williams' upset loss Sunday to Vera Zvonareva.	1
Still, Mauresmo has the confidence of having beaten Serena for the first time and also is buoyed by Venus Williams' upset loss Sunday to Vera Zvonareva.	And yet, Mauresmo has the confidence of having beaten Serena for the first time and is also buoyed by Venus Williams' upset loss Sunday against Vera Zvonareva.	1
The latest attack came just two days after three suicide bombers drove a truck loaded with explosives into a government office complex in northern Chechnya, killing 59 people.	The latest attack comes just two days after three suicide bombers drove a truck loaded with explosives into a government office complex in northern Chechnya, killing 59 people.	1
The latest attack came just two days after three suicide bombers drove a truck loaded with explosives into a government office complex in northern Chechnya, killing 59 people.	Is it true that the latest attack on Chechnya came just two days after three suicide bombers drove a truck loaded with explosives into a government office complex in northern Chechnya, killing 59 people.	1
"I reliably receive reminders when my dog needs a vaccination," writes Steinberg, of Johns Hopkins University.	I reliably receive reminders when my dog needs a vaccination," writes Steinberg, of Johns Hopkins University.	1
"I reliably receive reminders when my dog needs a vaccination," writes Steinberg, of Johns Hopkins University.	I reliably receive reminders when my dog needs vaccination," writes Steinberg, of Johns Hopkins University.	1
"I reliably receive reminders when my dog needs a vaccination," writes Steinberg, of Johns Hopkins University.	I consistently receive reminders when my dog needs vaccinations," writes Steinberg, of Johns Hopkins University.	1
"I reliably receive reminders when my dog needs a vaccination," writes Steinberg, of Johns Hopkins University.	"I reliably receive reminders when my dog needs vaccination," writes Steinberg, of Johns Hopkins University.	1
"I reliably receive reminders when my dog needs a vaccination," writes Steinberg, of Johns Hopkins University.	I consistently receive reminders when my dog needs vaccination," writes Steinberg, of Johns Hopkins University.	1
"I reliably receive reminders when my dog needs a vaccination," writes Steinberg, of Johns Hopkins University.	I reliably receive reminders when my dog needs vaccination, writes Steinberg, of Johns Hopkins University.	1
The legislation opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to the Solomons and to carry out law enforcement functions.	The legislation opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to Solomons and to carry out law enforcement functions.	1
The legislation opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to the Solomons and to carry out law enforcement functions.	This bill opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to Solomon's and to carry out law enforcement functions.	1
The legislation opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to the Solomons and to carry out law enforcement functions.	The law opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to Solomons and to carry out law enforcement functions.	1
Falls in euro/yen also pushed down the dollar against the yen, with the pair at 118.32 yen compared with Friday's late New York level of 118.51.	Fall in euro/yen also pushed down the dollar against the yen, with the pair at 118.32 yen compared with Friday's late New York level of 118.51 yen.	1
Wells Fargo and Quicken Loans couldn't be reached for comment Wednesday afternoon.	Wells Fargo and Quicken Loans were unavailable for comment Wednesday afternoon.	1
Wells Fargo and Quicken Loans couldn't be reached for comment Wednesday afternoon.	Wells Fargo and Quicken Loans could not be reached for comment Wednesday afternoon.	1
Wells Fargo and Quicken Loans couldn't be reached for comment Wednesday afternoon.	Quicken Loans and Wells Fargo couldn't be reached for comment Wednesday afternoon.	1
Mr Neil said that according to the source, the report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed "minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material".	Mr Neil has said that according to the source the report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed "minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material".	1
Mr Neil said that according to the source, the report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed "minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material".	Mr Neil said that according to the source, the report will say its inspectors have not unearthed "minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material".	1
Mr Neil said that according to the source, the report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed "minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material".	Mr Neil said that according to the source, the report will say its inspectors have not unearthed even "minor amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material".	1
Mr Neil said that according to the source, the report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed "minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material".	However, Mr Neil said that according to the source the report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed "minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material".	1
Mr Neil said that according to the source, the report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed "minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material".	Neil added that according to the source, the report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed "minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material".	1
Mr Neil said that according to the source, the report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed "minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material".	Mr Neil said that according to the source the report will say its inspectors have not unearthed "minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material".	1
Marjorie Scardino, the chief executive, said: "We have one headline.	Marjorie Scardino, CEO, said: "We have one headline.	1
Marjorie Scardino, the chief executive, said: "We have one headline.	Marjorie Scardino, the chief executive, said: "We have one headline."	1
Marjorie Scardino, the chief executive, said: "We have one headline.	Marjorie Scardino, the Chief Executive, said: "We have one headline. We have a headline. "	1
Marjorie Scardino, the chief executive, said: "We have one headline.	Marjorie Scardino, the chief executive, said: "We have one headline. We have one headline. We have one headline. "	1
Randall Simon singled to right for the second run.	Randall Simon singled to right for second run.	1
Randall Simon singled to right for the second run.	Randall Simon singled to the right for the second run.	1
Randall Simon singled to right for the second run.	Randall Simon singled to right for a second run.	1
Randall Simon singled to right for the second run.	Randall Simon singled to right for a 2 run run.	1
She was physically ill several times on the day he died, she said.	She was physically ill several times the day he died, she said.	1
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	No legislative action is final without approval of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	1
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House. The measure appears to have faced a tougher road there.	1
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	No legislative action is final without the concurrence of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	1
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and it seemed the measure faced a tougher road there.	1
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	No legislation is final without consent of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	1
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	No legislation is final without concurrence of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	1
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	No legislative action is final without the consent of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	1
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	No legislative action is final without consent of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	1
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	No legislation is final without approval of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	1
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	No legislative action is final without the approval of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	1
No legislative action is final without concurrence of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	No legislation is final without the concurrence of the House, and it appeared the measure faced a tougher road there.	1
This is a case about a woman who for 20 years dedicated her life to this country," said Janet Levine.	"This is a case about a woman who for 20 years dedicated her life to this country." said Janet Levine.	1
This is a case about a woman who for 20 years dedicated her life to this country," said Janet Levine.	"This is a case about a woman who for 20 years dedicated her life to this country," said Janet Levine.	1
This is a case about a woman who for 20 years dedicated her life to this country," said Janet Levine.	This is a case about a woman who for 20 years dedicated her life to this country," says Janet Levine.	1
SP2 is basically about security enhancements to Windows, such as the improved Internet Connection Firewall (ICF).	SP2 is about security enhancements to Windows, such as the improved Internet Connection Firewall (ICF).	1
"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla ... effort."	"In Iraq" said Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla... effort."	1
"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla ... effort."	"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're fighting an anti-guerrilla... effort."	1
"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla ... effort."	"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla... effort."	1
"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla ... effort."	"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla effort"	1
"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla ... effort."	In Iraq, Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla... effort."	1
"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla ... effort."	"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're fighting an anti-guerrilla effort."	1
"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla ... effort."	"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla effort."	1
"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla ... effort."	In Iraq, said Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla... effort."	1
"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla ... effort."	"In Iraq, Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla effort," he said.	1
"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla ... effort."	"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the Intelligence Committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're fighting an anti-guerrilla... effort."	1
"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla ... effort."	"In Iraq, we're fighting an anti-guerrilla... effort," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla... effort."	1
"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla ... effort."	In Iraq, "in this case," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla... effort."	1
"In Iraq," Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla ... effort."	In Iraq, Sen. Pat Roberts, R-Kan., chairman of the intelligence committee, said on CNN's "Late Edition" Sunday, "we're now fighting an anti-guerrilla effort."	1
The farmers market reopened Saturday; at least 11 people remained hospitalized, three in critical condition.	At least 11 people remain hospitalized, three in critical condition. The farmers market reopened on Saturday.	1
A landslide in central Chungchong province derailed a Seoul-bound train and 28 passengers were injured, television said.	A landslide in central Chungchong province derailed a Seoul-bound train and 28 passengers were injured, tv reported.	1
A landslide in central Chungchong province derailed a Seoul-bound train and 28 passengers were injured, television said.	A landslide in central Chungchong province derailed a Seoul-bound train and 28 passengers were injured, TV reported.	1
A landslide in central Chungchong province derailed a Seoul-bound train and 28 passengers were injured, television said.	A landslide in central Chungchong province derailed a Seoul-bound train and 28 passengers were injured, according to television.	1
A Trillian representative did not return an e-mail requesting comment.	A Trillian rep didn't return an e-mail requesting comment.	1
A Trillian representative did not return an e-mail requesting comment.	A Trillian representative did not return an email requesting comment.	1
A Trillian representative did not return an e-mail requesting comment.	A Trillian rep didn't return e-mail requesting comment.	1
A Trillian representative did not return an e-mail requesting comment.	A Trillian representative didn't return an e-mail requesting comment.	1
A Trillian representative did not return an e-mail requesting comment.	A Trillian representative has not returned an e-mail requesting comment.	1
No charges have been filed in the deaths of the other victims; Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	No charges have been filed in the deaths of the other victims. Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	1
No charges have been filed in the deaths of the other victims; Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	No charges have been filed in the deaths of the other victims, Lupas said. Authorities were making progress in the case.	1
No charges have been filed in the deaths of the other victims; Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	No charges have been filed in the deaths of the other victims, Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	1
No charges have been filed in the deaths of the other victims; Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	There are no charges for the deaths of the other victims; Lupas said the authorities were making progress in the case.	1
They will help draft a plan to attack obesity that Kraft will implement over three to four years.	They will help draft a plan to combat obesity that Kraft will implement over three to four years.	1
They will help draft a plan to attack obesity that Kraft will implement over three to four years.	The group will help draft a plan to address obesity that Kraft will implement over three to four years.	1
They will help draft a plan to attack obesity that Kraft will implement over three to four years.	They will help draft a plan to reduce obesity that Kraft will implement over three to four years.	1
Cable high-speed lines increased 32.2 percent to 243,143.	Cable high speed line increased 32.2 percent to 243,143.	1
Cable high-speed lines increased 32.2 percent to 243,143.	Cable high-speed line increased 32.2 percent to 243,143.	1
"It's unfortunate that Senator Clinton would seek to politicize such a qualified nominee as Governor Leavitt," said Taylor Gross, a White House spokesman.	It is "unacceptable" that Senator Clinton would politicize such a qualified nominee as Governor Leavitt," said Taylor Gross, a White House spokesman.	1
"It's unfortunate that Senator Clinton would seek to politicize such a qualified nominee as Governor Leavitt," said Taylor Gross, a White House spokesman.	It's unfortunate that Senator Clinton would seek to politicize such a qualified nominee as Governor Leavitt," said Taylor Gross, a White House spokesman.	1
"It's unfortunate that Senator Clinton would seek to politicize such a qualified nominee as Governor Leavitt," said Taylor Gross, a White House spokesman.	"It's unfortunate that Senator Clinton is seeking to politicize such a qualified candidate as Governor Leavitt," said Taylor Gross, a White House spokesman.	1
"It's unfortunate that Senator Clinton would seek to politicize such a qualified nominee as Governor Leavitt," said Taylor Gross, a White House spokesman.	"It's unfortunate that Senator Clinton would seek to politicize such a qualified candidate as Governor Leavitt," said Taylor Gross, a White House spokesman.	1
The girl turned up two days later at a convenience store several cities away, shaken but safe, and helped lead police to her alleged abductor.	The girl turned up two days later in a convenience store several cities away, shaken but safe, and helped lead police to her alleged abductor.	1
The girl turned up two days later at a convenience store several cities away, shaken but safe, and helped lead police to her alleged abductor.	A girl turned up two days later at a convenience store several cities away, shaken but safe, and helped lead police to her alleged abductor.	1
Ride, astronauts Story Musgrave, Robert "Hoot" Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein will enter the hall of fame together.	"Ride", astronauts Story Musgrave, Robert "Hoot" Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein will enter the Hall of Fame together.	1
Ride, astronauts Story Musgrave, Robert "Hoot" Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein will enter the hall of fame together.	As part of the Ride, the astronauts Story Musgrave, Robert "Hoot" Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein will enter the hall of fame together.	1
But that amount would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate, where Republican moderates have refused to go above $350 billion.	But that amount would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate, where Republicans moderates have refused to go above $350 billion.	1
But that amount would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate, where Republican moderates have refused to go above $350 billion.	But it would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate, where Republican moderates have refused to go over $350 billion.	1
But that amount would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate, where Republican moderates have refused to go above $350 billion.	But that amount would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate, where Republican moderates refuse to go above $350 billion.	1
But that amount would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate, where Republican moderates have refused to go above $350 billion.	That amount would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate, where Republican moderates have refused to go above $350 billion.	1
They varied greatly, ranging from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality US brand called American Spirit.	They varied greatly, ranging from one per cent or two per cent or 36 per cent for a speciality US brand called American Spirit.	1
They varied greatly, ranging from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality US brand called American Spirit.	For a speciality US brand called American Spirit, they varied greatly, ranging from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent.	1
They varied greatly, ranging from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality US brand called American Spirit.	They vary greatly, ranging from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality US brand called American Spirit.	1
They varied greatly, ranging from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality US brand called American Spirit.	These US brands varied greatly, ranging from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality US brand called American Spirit.	1
They varied greatly, ranging from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality US brand called American Spirit.	For American Spirit, they varied greatly, ranging from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality US brand called American Spirit.	1
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.	Taipei saw 65 new cases on May 22 - a one-day record - and 55 new cases on May 23 - Taiwan's epidemic the fastest growing in the world.	1
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.	The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one-day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.	1
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.	The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest growing in the world.	1
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.	On May 22, the island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.	1
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.	Taiwan reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.	1
A year earlier, it posted a profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.	The company made profit of $102 million, or 13 cents per share a year earlier.	1
A year earlier, it posted a profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.	A year ago, it posted a profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.	1
A year earlier, it posted a profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.	An earlier year, it posted a profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.	1
A year earlier, it posted a profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.	An year earlier, it posted a profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.	1
A year earlier, it posted a profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.	A year earlier, it posted a profit of $102 million, or 13 cents per share.	1
In the clash with police, Lt. Mothana Ali said about 1,000 demonstrators had gone to the station demanding jobs.	In clash with police, Lt. Mothana Ali said about 1,000 demonstrators had gone to the station demanding jobs.	1
In the clash with police, Lt. Mothana Ali said about 1,000 demonstrators had gone to the station demanding jobs.	In a clash with police, Lt. Mothana Ali said about 1,000 demonstrators had gone to the station demanding jobs.	1
Clark said the program would cost about $100 million a year and would be part of the Department of Homeland Security.	Clark said the program would cost about $100 million a year and be part of the Department of Homeland Security.	1
Clark said the program would cost about $100 million a year and would be part of the Department of Homeland Security.	Clark said the program would cost around $100 million a year and would be part of the Department of Homeland Security.	1
Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively."	Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively.	1
Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively."	Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively. "	1
Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively."	Ximian brings novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively. "	1
Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively."	Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with our customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively.	1
Video replays suggested the ball had hit the ground before making contact with Sangakkara's foot.	Video replays suggested that the ball had hit the ground before making contact with Sangakkara's foot.	1
Video replays suggested the ball had hit the ground before making contact with Sangakkara's foot.	Video replays suggested the ball hit the ground before making contact with Sangakkara's foot.	1
Video replays suggested the ball had hit the ground before making contact with Sangakkara's foot.	Video replays suggest the ball had hit the ground before making contact with Sangakkara's foot.	1
The GPO previously closed bookstores in San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Birmingham, Cleveland, and Columbus.	GPO previously closed bookstores in San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Birmingham, Cleveland, and Columbus.	1
The GPO previously closed bookstores in San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Birmingham, Cleveland, and Columbus.	The GPO had previously closed bookstores in San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Birmingham, Cleveland, and Columbus.	1
The GPO previously closed bookstores in San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Birmingham, Cleveland, and Columbus.	GPO closed its bookstores in San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Birmingham, Cleveland, and Columbus.	1
The GPO previously closed bookstores in San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Birmingham, Cleveland, and Columbus.	The GPO closed bookstores in San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Birmingham, Cleveland, and Columbus.	1
Peterson is charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and unborn son.	Peterson is facing two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and unborn son.	1
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.	A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso with a bullet perforating his lung.	1
In late morning trading, the Dow was up 13.88, or 0.2 percent, at 9,002.93, having shed 2.3 percent last week.	In late morning trading, the Dow was up 13.88, or 0.2 percent, at 9,002.93. This was after trading shed 2.3 percent last week.	1
In late morning trading, the Dow was up 13.88, or 0.2 percent, at 9,002.93, having shed 2.3 percent last week.	In late morning trading, the Dow was up 13.88, or 0.2 percent, at 9,002.93, having lost 2.3 percent last week.	1
In late morning trading, the Dow was up 13.88, or 0.2 percent, at 9,002.93, having shed 2.3 percent last week.	In late morning trading, the Dow was up 13.88, or 0.2%, at 9,002.93, after having shed 2.3 percent last week.	1
In late morning trading, the Dow was up 13.88, or 0.2 percent, at 9,002.93, having shed 2.3 percent last week.	In late morning trading, the Dow was up 13.88, or 0.2%, at 9,002.93, after losing 2.3 percent last week.	1
In late morning trading, the Dow was up 13.88, or 0.2 percent, at 9,002.93, having shed 2.3 percent last week.	In late morning trading, the Dow was up 13.88, or 0.2 percent, at 9,002.93, after losing 2.3 percent last week.	1
Ryland Group (nyse: RYL - news - people), a homebuilder and mortgage-finance company, sank $9.65, or 11.6 percent, to $73.40.	The Ryland Group (nyse: RYL - news - people), a homebuilder and mortgage-finance company, lost $9.65, or 11.6 percent, to $73.40.	1
Ryland Group (nyse: RYL - news - people), a homebuilder and mortgage-finance company, sank $9.65, or 11.6 percent, to $73.40.	Ryland Group (nyse: RYL) (nyse: RYL - news - people), a homebuilder and mortgage-finance company, sank $9.65, or 11.6 percent, to $73.40.	1
Ryland Group (nyse: RYL - news - people), a homebuilder and mortgage-finance company, sank $9.65, or 11.6 percent, to $73.40.	Ryland Group (nyse: RYL) (news - people), a homebuilder and mortgage-finance company, sank $9.65 or 11.6 percent, to $73.40.	1
PeopleSoft's board now has 10 business days to evaluate the Oracle offer and make a recommendation to its shareholders.	PeopleSoft's board has 10 business days to evaluate the Oracle offer and make a recommendation to its shareholders.	1
PeopleSoft's board now has 10 business days to evaluate the Oracle offer and make a recommendation to its shareholders.	PeopleSoft's board now has 10 business days to evaluate the Oracle offer and make a recommendation to shareholders.	1
PeopleSoft's board now has 10 business days to evaluate the Oracle offer and make a recommendation to its shareholders.	PeopleSoft's Board has 10 business days to evaluate the Oracle offer and make a recommendation to its shareholders.	1
PeopleSoft's board now has 10 business days to evaluate the Oracle offer and make a recommendation to its shareholders.	PeopleSoft Board now has 10 business days to evaluate the Oracle offer and make a recommendation to its shareholders.	1
PeopleSoft's board now has 10 business days to evaluate the Oracle offer and make a recommendation to its shareholders.	PeopleSoft Board of Directors has 10 business days to consider the Oracle offer and make a recommendation to shareholders.	1
They named the man charged as Noureddinne Mouleff, a 36-year-old of North African origin who was arrested in the southern coastal town of Eastbourne last week.	And they named the man charged as Noureddinne Mouleff, a 36-year-old of North African origin who was arrested in the southern coastal town of Eastbourne last week.	1
They named the man charged as Noureddinne Mouleff, a 36-year-old of North African origin who was arrested in the southern coastal town of Eastbourne last week.	The man charged as Noureddinne Mouleff, a 36-year-old of North African origin, was arrested in the southern coastal town of Eastbourne last week.	1
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.	In 2002, rollover crash fatalities were 82 percent of the increase in 2002, said the NHTSA.	1
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.	Fatalities in rollover crash accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, according to NHTSA.	1
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.	Deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.	1
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.	The deaths in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.	1
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.	Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, said NHTSA.	1
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.	In a rollover crash, the number of deaths accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.	1
Fatalities in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.	The death toll in rollover crashes accounted for 82 percent of the increase in 2002, NHTSA said.	1
His next play, "Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?" a satire on Hollywood, lasted more than a year on Broadway.	His next play, "Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter? a satire on Hollywood, lasted more than a year on Broadway.	1
"I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records," said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday.	I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the Police Records," said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday.	1
"I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records," said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday.	I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records," said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday.	1
"I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records," said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday.	I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records," said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday	1
"I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records," said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday.	I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records" said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday.	1
"I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records," said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday.	I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records," said a spokesman for the British High Commission yesterday in Nairobi.	1
"I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records," said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday.	I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records, said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday.	1
"I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records," said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday.	"I am unaware of any genuine entries concerning British servicemen in the police records", said a spokesman for the British High Commission in Nairobi yesterday.	1
Amrozi said Jews and the US and its allies had evil plans to colonise countries like Indonesia.	Amrozi said that the Jews and the US and its allies had evil plans to colonise countries like Indonesia.	1
It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration, of Tampa, Fla., does not have to share the wealth with any governments.	It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration, of Tampa, Florida, does not have to share the wealth with any governments.	1
It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration, of Tampa, Fla., does not have to share the wealth with any governments.	It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration, of Tampa, Fla., doesn’t have to share the wealth with any governments.	1
It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration, of Tampa, Fla., does not have to share the wealth with any governments.	Is it so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration, of Tampa, Fla., does not have to share the wealth with any governments.	1
It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration, of Tampa, Fla., does not have to share the wealth with any governments.	It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration, of Tampa, Fla., doesn't have to share the wealth with any governments.	1
An unclear number of people were killed and more injured.	An unknown number of people were killed and more injured.	1
An unclear number of people were killed and more injured.	Unknown number of people have been killed, and more are being injured.	1
An unclear number of people were killed and more injured.	Unknown number of people were killed and more injured.	1
Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.	Associated Press — Law enforcement sources who spoke on condition of anonymity confirmed to The Associated Press that Limbaugh was being investigated by the Palm Beach County, Fla., state attorney's office.	1
"Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.	I want to win again but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.	1
"Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.	I want to win again but I think it's worse when you never won because you get anxious."	1
"Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.	"Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious."	1
"Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.	I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious."	1
"Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.	I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious. "	1
"Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.	"Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you've never won because you get anxious.	1
"Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.	I'm going to win again, but I think it's worse when you've never won because you get anxious."	1
"Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.	I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you've never won because you get anxious.	1
"Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.	I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.	1
"Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.	I want to win again but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious."	1
CS's other main division, Financial Services, made a 666 million franc net profit, six percent below the prior quarter.	Financial Services: CS's other main division, financial services, made a 666 million franc net profit, six percent below the prior quarter.	1
CS's other main division, Financial Services, made a 666 million franc net profit, six percent below the prior quarter.	The other CS financial services made a 666 million franc net profit, six percent below the prior quarter.	1
CS's other main division, Financial Services, made a 666 million franc net profit, six percent below the prior quarter.	Another division of CS's Financial Services, made a 666 million franc net profit, six percent below the prior quarter.	1
CS's other main division, Financial Services, made a 666 million franc net profit, six percent below the prior quarter.	The other main division of CS, Financial Services, made a 666 million franc net profit, six percent below the prior quarter.	1
The answer, the group said, would be to "create a format that can be used by all devices but can accommodate other formats."	What is the answer, the group said, would be to "create a format that can be used by all devices but can accommodate other formats."	1
Recall proponents claim to have turned in more than 1.6 million signatures.	Recall proponents claim to have turned in over 1.6 million signatures.	1
Recall proponents claim to have turned in more than 1.6 million signatures.	Recall supporters claim to have turned in more than 1.6 million signatures.	1
Recall proponents claim to have turned in more than 1.6 million signatures.	Recall proponents claim to have turned in over 1.6 million signatures. Recall proponents claim to have turned in over 1 million signatures.	1
Recall proponents claim to have turned in more than 1.6 million signatures.	Recall supporters claim to have turned in over 1.6 million signatures.	1
Recall proponents claim to have turned in more than 1.6 million signatures.	Recall advocates claim to have turned in over 1.6 million signatures.	1
Recall proponents claim to have turned in more than 1.6 million signatures.	Recall advocates claim to have turned in more than 1.6 million signatures.	1
Kelly said Mr Rumsfeld last month made the unsolicited suggestion that this year's honour should go to all men and women who wear the US uniform.	Kelly said M Rumsfeld last month made the unsolicited suggestion that this year's honour should go to all men and women who wear the US uniform.	1
Kelly said Mr Rumsfeld last month made the unsolicited suggestion that this year's honour should go to all men and women who wear the US uniform.	Kelly says Mr Rumsfeld last month made the unsolicited suggestion that this year's honour should go to all men and women who wear the US uniform.	1
Kelly said Mr Rumsfeld last month made the unsolicited suggestion that this year's honour should go to all men and women who wear the US uniform.	Kelly said that Rumsfeld last month made the unsolicited suggestion that this year's honour should go to all men and women who wear the US uniform.	1
Kelly said Mr Rumsfeld last month made the unsolicited suggestion that this year's honour should go to all men and women who wear the US uniform.	Kelly said rumsfeld last month made the unsolicited suggestion that this year's honour should go to all men and women who wear the US uniform.	1
Kelly said Mr Rumsfeld last month made the unsolicited suggestion that this year's honour should go to all men and women who wear the US uniform.	Kelly said Rumsfeld last month made the unsolicited suggestion that this year's honour should go to all men and women who wear the US uniform.	1
Carlton Dotson, a teammate who lives in Hurlock, Md., said he talked to police Friday but was instructed not to talk about the case.	Carlton Dotson, a teammate who lives in Hurlock, Md., said he spoke to police on Friday but was told not to talk about the case.	1
Carlton Dotson, a teammate who lives in Hurlock, Md., said he talked to police Friday but was instructed not to talk about the case.	Carlton Dotson, a teammate who lives in Hurlock, Md., said he talked to police Friday but was told not to talk about the case.	1
Carlton Dotson, a teammate who lives in Hurlock, Md., said he talked to police Friday but was instructed not to talk about the case.	Carlton Dotson, a teammate from Hurlock, Md., said he spoke to police Friday but was told not to talk about the case.	1
Carlton Dotson, a teammate who lives in Hurlock, Md., said he talked to police Friday but was instructed not to talk about the case.	Carlton Dotson, a teammate from Hurlock, Md., said he told police Friday but was told not to talk about the case.	1
Carlton Dotson, a teammate who lives in Hurlock, Md., said he talked to police Friday but was instructed not to talk about the case.	Carlton Dotson, a teammate from Hurlock, Md., said he talked to police Friday but was told not to talk about the case.	1
Carlton Dotson, a teammate who lives in Hurlock, Md., said he talked to police Friday but was instructed not to talk about the case.	Carlton Dotson, a teammate from Hurlock, Md., said he talked to police on Friday but was instructed not to talk about the case.	1
Carlton Dotson, a teammate who lives in Hurlock, Md., said he talked to police Friday but was instructed not to talk about the case.	Carlton Dotson, a teammate from Hurlock, Md., said he talked to police Friday but was instructed not to talk about the case.	1
PowderJect is roughly 20 percent owned by CEO Drayson, a high-profile UK businessman, and his family.	PowderJect is 20 percent owned by CEO Drayson, a top UK businessman, and his family.	1
PowderJect is roughly 20 percent owned by CEO Drayson, a high-profile UK businessman, and his family.	PowderJect is about 20 percent owned by CEO Drayson, a high-profile UK businessman, and his family.	1
PowderJect is roughly 20 percent owned by CEO Drayson, a high-profile UK businessman, and his family.	PowderJect is roughly 20% owned by CEO Drayson, a high-profile UK businessman, and his family.	1
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."	School Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."	1
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."	Superintendent of Schools Joel Klein says that the push for higher standards and accountability is showing results.	1
The husband's family says he has since passed two lie detector tests.	The husband's family says he has passed two lie detector tests since.	1
However, disability declined by more than 10 percent for those 60 to 69, the study said.	So far, disability has decreased by more than 10% among those 60-69, according to the study.	1
However, disability declined by more than 10 percent for those 60 to 69, the study said.	Nevertheless, disability declined by more than 10 percent for those 60 to 69, the study said.	1
However, disability declined by more than 10 percent for those 60 to 69, the study said.	According to the study, disability declined by more than 10 percent from 60 to 69.	1
However, disability declined by more than 10 percent for those 60 to 69, the study said.	Differences in disability declined by over 10 percent among those 60 to 69, the study said.	1
"Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of service men and women during his 25 years of service," Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said yesterday .	. "Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of service men and women during his 25 years of service," Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said yesterday.	1
"Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of service men and women during his 25 years of service," Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said yesterday .	"Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of service men and women during his 25 years of service," Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said yesterday.	1
"Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of service men and women during his 25 years of service," Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said yesterday .	Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of service men and women during his 25 years of service," Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said yesterday.	1
On Monday, Christian Ganczarski was apprehended at the airport and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge soon, the officials said.	Christian Ganczarski was arrested on Monday at the airport and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge soon, the officials said.	1
On Monday, Christian Ganczarski was apprehended at the airport and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge soon, the officials said.	Christian Ganczarski was apprehended at an airport on Monday and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge soon, the officials said.	1
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.	Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.	1
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.	The Standard Edition is priced at $15,000 per processor / $300 per named user.	1
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.	The standard Edition costs $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.	1
The Standard Edition is $15,000 per processor or $300 per named user.	Standard Edition: $15,000 per processor, $300 per named user.	1
Ottawa police reported 23 cases of looting, along with two deaths possibly attributed to the outage - a pedestrian hit by a car and a fire victim.	Two deaths were possibly attributed to the outage, a pedestrian hit by a car and a fire victim. Police in Ottawa reported 23 cases of looting.	1
Ottawa police reported 23 cases of looting, along with two deaths possibly attributed to the outage - a pedestrian hit by a car and a fire victim.	Two deaths were attributed to the outage - a pedestrian hit by a car and a fire victim. Ottawa police reported 23 cases of looting, along with two deaths possibly attributed to the outage.	1
Ottawa police reported 23 cases of looting, along with two deaths possibly attributed to the outage - a pedestrian hit by a car and a fire victim.	Two people died after being hit by a car in Ottawa. Police reported 23 cases of looting, along with two deaths possibly attributed to the outage - a pedestrian hit by a car and a fire victim.	1
The teen was in critical condition with life-threatening wounds, police said in a news release.	In critical condition, police said in a news release. The teen was in critical condition with life-threatening wounds, police said in a news release.	1
The teen was in critical condition with life-threatening wounds, police said in a news release.	The teenager was in critical condition with life-threatening wounds, police said in a news release.	1
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for missing the first round of employment targets.	United has already paid the city $34 million in penalties for missing the first round of employment targets.	1
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for missing the first round of employment targets.	United has already paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting the first round of employment targets.	1
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for missing the first round of employment targets.	United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for missed the first round of employment targets.	1
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for missing the first round of employment targets.	United has paid the city $34 million in penalties for not meeting its first round of employment targets.	1
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for missing the first round of employment targets.	United has already paid the city $34 million in penalties for missed the first round of employment targets.	1
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expected earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $6.7 billion, on average.	Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expect earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $6.7 billion, on average.	1
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expected earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $6.7 billion, on average.	Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expect earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $6.7 billion on average.	1
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expected earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $6.7 billion, on average.	Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expect earnings of 13 cents per share on revenue of $6.7 billion, on average.	1
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expected earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $6.7 billion, on average.	Reuters Research Analysts Expected earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $6.7 billion, on average.	1
He plans to visit an AIDS clinic in Uganda and meet with infected mothers in Nigeria.	He plans to visit AIDS clinic in Uganda and meet with infected mothers in Nigeria.	1
He plans to visit an AIDS clinic in Uganda and meet with infected mothers in Nigeria.	He will visit a AIDS clinic in Uganda and meet with infected mothers in Nigeria.	1
O'Brien was charged with leaving the scene of a fatal accident, a felony.	O'Brien is charged with leaving the scene of a fatal accident, a felony.	1
O'Brien was charged with leaving the scene of a fatal accident, a felony.	O'Brien has been charged with leaving the scene of a fatal accident, a felony.	1
O'Brien was charged with leaving the scene of a fatal accident, a felony.	O'Brien is charged with leaving the scene of a fatal accident a felony.	1
Colorado Attorney-General Ken Salazar later said his office has also filed suit against Invesco, charging it with violations of the state's consumer protection act.	Colorado Attorney-General Ken Salazar later said his office has filed a lawsuit against Invesco, charging it with violations of the state's consumer protection act.	1
Colorado Attorney-General Ken Salazar later said his office has also filed suit against Invesco, charging it with violations of the state's consumer protection act.	Colorado Attorney-General Ken Salazar says his office has also filed suit against Invesco, charging it with violations of the state's consumer protection act.	1
Colorado Attorney-General Ken Salazar later said his office has also filed suit against Invesco, charging it with violations of the state's consumer protection act.	Colorado Attorney-General Ken Salazar said his office also filed suit against Invesco, charging it with violations of the state's consumer protection act.	1
Colorado Attorney-General Ken Salazar later said his office has also filed suit against Invesco, charging it with violations of the state's consumer protection act.	Colorado Attorney General Ken Salazar later said his office has filed suit against Invesco, charging it with violations of the state's consumer protection act.	1
Colorado Attorney-General Ken Salazar later said his office has also filed suit against Invesco, charging it with violations of the state's consumer protection act.	And the Colorado Attorney-General Ken Salazar said his office filed suit against Invesco, charging it with violations of the state's consumer protection act.	1
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.	Police say her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.	1
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.	Her two small children were alone in her apartment for up to two days, police said.	1
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.	Her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days, police said.	1
Police said her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.	She and her two small children were alone in the apartment for up to two days. Police said her two children were alone in the apartment for up to two days.	1
All five were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	All five have been charged with theft and impersonation of a police officer.	1
All five were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	All five were charged with robbery and impersonation of a police officer.	1
All five were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	All 5 were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	1
All five were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	The five are charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	1
All five were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	The five alleged robbers were charged with criminal impersonation of a police officer.	1
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.	Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get cash from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.	1
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.	Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country Sunday.	1
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.	Long lines erupted outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines on Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.	1
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.	Long lines forming outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.	1
Long lines formed outside gas stations and people rushed to get money from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.	Long lines forming outside gas stations and people rushed to get cash from cash machines Sunday as Israelis prepared to weather a strike that threatened to paralyze the country.	1
But he confessed: "There's total fear to start with because you are completely at the mercy of the winds."	He said, "There's total fear to start with because you're completely at the mercy of the winds."	1
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.	Marc Garber, Whitley's lawyer, had a different view.	1
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.	Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, has a different view.	1
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.	Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view on the matter.	1
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.	Marc Garber was Whitley's attorney, but had a different view.	1
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.	Marc Garber, Whitley's lawyer, had a different view of matters.	1
Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view.	Marc Garber, Whitley's attorney, had a different view of the matter.	1
Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001.	Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has cut almost one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001.	1
Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001.	Siebel, which fortunes rose with the tech boom, has cut nearly one third of its workforce since the end of 2001.	1
Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001.	Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has trimmed nearly one third of its workforce since the end of 2001.	1
Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001.	Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has cut nearly one third of its workforce since the end of 2001.	1
Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001.	Since the end of 2001, Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has cut nearly one-third of its workforce.	1
Her lawyer, William Zabel, could not be reached.	Her lawyer, William Zabel, couldn't be reached.	1
Her lawyer, William Zabel, could not be reached.	Her lawyer William Zabel was never reached.	1
Her lawyer, William Zabel, could not be reached.	Her lawyer, William Zabel, was not contacted.	1
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.	The Metropolitan Transportation Authority had two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.	1
Microsoft this week released a critical update to fix a bug with its newly released Office 2003 suite.	Microsoft released a critical update this week to fix a bug with its newly released Office 2003 suite.	1
Microsoft this week released a critical update to fix a bug with its newly released Office 2003 suite.	Microsoft this week released a critical update to fix a bug in its newly released Office 2003 suite.	1
Microsoft this week released a critical update to fix a bug with its newly released Office 2003 suite.	Microsoft released a critical update to its Office 2003 suite this week to fix a bug in the latest release.	1
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.	About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are considered to be functional.	1
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.	Some 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.	1
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.	On chromosome 6, 1,557 genes are thought to be functional.	1
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.	Approximately 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.	1
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.	Around 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.	1
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.	Around 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.	1
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.	Some 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.	1
"There is always a danger of casualties in something like this.	There is always a danger of casualties in something like this.	1
"There is always a danger of casualties in something like this.	There is always a danger of casualties in anything like that.	1
"There is always a danger of casualties in something like this.	"There's always a danger of casualties in something like this."	1
"There is always a danger of casualties in something like this.	"There's always a danger of casualties in something like this.	1
"There is always a danger of casualties in something like this.	"There is always a danger of casualties in something like this. "	1
"There is always a danger of casualties in something like this.	"There is always a danger of casualties in something like this."	1
"She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	"She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the business.	1
"She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	"She was crying and scared," said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	1
The same flood that blocked the airport road also swamped a Federal Express depot.	The same flood that blocked the airport road also swamped the Federal Express depot.	1
The same flood that blocked the airport road also swamped a Federal Express depot.	In the same area, the floods that blocked the airport road also swamped a Federal Express depot.	1
He wants to kill him, but then I suppose I'd be that angry too if somebody tried to kill my old man," he said.	He wants to kill him but I suppose I'd be that angry too if someone tried to kill my old man," he said.	1
He wants to kill him, but then I suppose I'd be that angry too if somebody tried to kill my old man," he said.	He wants to kill him but then I suppose I'd be that angry too if somebody tried to kill my old man, " He said.	1
He wants to kill him, but then I suppose I'd be that angry too if somebody tried to kill my old man," he said.	He wants to kill him, but then I suppose I'd be that angry too if somebody tried to kill my old man. "He said.	1
He wants to kill him, but then I suppose I'd be that angry too if somebody tried to kill my old man," he said.	He wants to kill him, but then I suppose I'd be that angry too if somebody tried to kill my old man." said he.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC ended off 8.15 points, or 0.49 percent, at 1,644.03.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC ended off 8.15 points, or 0.49 percent, at 1,644.03.	1
Tom Hamilton said his daughter was conscious and alert and in stable condition after the attack Friday morning.	Tom Hamilton said his daughter was conscious and alert and in stable condition after the attack on Friday morning.	1
Tom Hamilton said his daughter was conscious and alert and in stable condition after the attack Friday morning.	Tom Hamilton says his daughter was conscious and alert and in stable condition after the attack Friday morning.	1
Tom Hamilton said his daughter was conscious and alert and in stable condition after the attack Friday morning.	Thomas Hamilton said his daughter was conscious and alert and in stable condition after the attack Friday morning.	1
All of those governments have said their support will not waver, though public sentiment is rising against it.	All of these governments have said that their support will not waver, though public sentiment is rising against it.	1
All of those governments have said their support will not waver, though public sentiment is rising against it.	All of these governments have said their support will not waver, though public sentiment is rising against it.	1
All of those governments have said their support will not waver, though public sentiment is rising against it.	All these governments have said their support will not waver, though public sentiment is rising against it.	1
All of those governments have said their support will not waver, though public sentiment is rising against it.	All of the governments have said their support will not waver, though public sentiment is rising against it.	1
All of those governments have said their support will not waver, though public sentiment is rising against it.	All governments have said their support won’t waver, though public sentiment is rising against it.	1
U.N. inspectors found traces of highly enriched, weapons-grade uranium at an Iranian nuclear facility, a report by the U.N. nuclear agency says.	U.N. inspectors found traces of highly enriched, weapons grade uranium at an Iranian nuclear facility, a report by the U.N. nuclear agency says.	1
Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.	Since it's drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.	1
Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.	Since it was drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.	1
Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents, with 393 deaths.	Since being drafted into service in 1971, it has racked up a record 45 accidents with 393 deaths.	1
Other, more traditional tests are also available.	And other more traditional tests are also available.	1
Other, more traditional tests are also available.	Other more traditional tests are also available.	1
Other, more traditional tests are also available.	Other, more traditional test are also available.	1
All along, we were basing our decisions on the best information that we had at the time," she said.	All along, we were basing our decisions on the best information that we had at the time." she said.	1
The Calgary woman, who is in her twenties, donated blood on Aug. 7.	The Calgary woman, in her twenties, donated blood on Aug. 7.	1
The Calgary woman, who is in her twenties, donated blood on Aug. 7.	The Calgary woman, who is in her 20s, donated blood on Aug. 7.	1
The Calgary woman, who is in her twenties, donated blood on Aug. 7.	Calgary woman, who is in her twenties, donated blood on Aug. 7.	1
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.	QUATTRONE lawyer John W. Keker said his client was innocent.	1
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.	John W. Keker, Quattrone's lawyer, said his client is innocent.	1
He said Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips without much competition.	His statement is that Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips without much competition.	1
He said Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips without much competition.	He said Qualcomm had enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips without much competition.	1
He said Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips without much competition.	He said Qualcomm enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips without much competition.	1
He said Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips without much competition.	On the CDMA chip, he said that Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips without much competition.	1
It passed only after Republicans won the support of two wavering senators, Democrat Ben Nelson of Nebraska and Republican George Voinovich of Ohio.	It passed only after Republicans won the support of two wavering Senators, Democratic Ben Nelson of Nebraska and Republican George Voinovich of Ohio.	1
Veritas will offer its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.	Veritas will launch its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.	1
Veritas will offer its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.	Veritas will launch File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.	1
Veritas will offer its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.	Veritas will offer its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products in SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.	1
Veritas will offer its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.	Veritas will sell its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products in SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.	1
Veritas will offer its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.	Veritas is offering its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.	1
Veritas will offer its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.	Veritas will release its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.	1
Veritas will offer its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.	Veritas is going to offer its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.	1
Veritas will offer its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.	Veritas is launching its file system, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.	1
Veritas will offer its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.	Veritas will sell its File System, Volume Manager and Cluster Server software products on SUSE Enterprise Server in the first quarter next year.	1
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.	Washington said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.	1
Southwest's net income amounted to $246 million, or 30 cents per share.	Southwest posted net income of $246 million, or 30 cents per share.	1
Southwest's net income amounted to $246 million, or 30 cents per share.	Southwest Company's net income amounted to $246 million, or 30 cents per share.	1
Southwest's net income amounted to $246 million, or 30 cents per share.	Southwest reported net income of $246 million, or 30 cents per share.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	Standard & Poor's 500 index ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	Standard & Poor's 500 ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	1
If Lee is indicted, prosecutors will seek the death penalty.	If Lee is indicted, then prosecutors will seek death penalty.	1
If Lee is indicted, prosecutors will seek the death penalty.	If Lee was indicted for crimes, prosecutors would seek the death penalty.	1
If Lee is indicted, prosecutors will seek the death penalty.	If Lee is indicted, prosecutors are likely to seek the death penalty.	1
If Lee is indicted, prosecutors will seek the death penalty.	If Lee was indicted, prosecutors would seek the death penalty.	1
If Lee is indicted, prosecutors will seek the death penalty.	If Lee is indicted, prosecutors will seek death penalty.	1
If Lee is indicted, prosecutors will seek the death penalty.	If Lee is indicted, the prosecutors will seek the death penalty.	1
Microsoft has released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003.	Microsoft released two separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003.	1
Microsoft has released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003.	Microsoft have released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003.	1
Microsoft has released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003.	Microsoft has released separate patch for client and administrative versions of Office 2003.	1
Microsoft has released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003.	Microsoft have released separate patches for the client and administrative versions of Office 2003.	1
Microsoft has released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003.	Microsoft released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003.	1
Microsoft has released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003.	Microsoft has released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003. The software is available for both clients and administrative users.	1
Microsoft has released separate patches for client and administrative versions of Office 2003.	Microsoft released separate patches for clients and administrative versions of Office 2003.	1
The Nasdaq Composite increased by 40.09 points, or 2.5 per cent, to 1666.58.	The Nasdaq Composite rose by 40.09 points, or 2.5 per cent, to 1666.58.	1
The Nasdaq Composite increased by 40.09 points, or 2.5 per cent, to 1666.58.	Nasdaq Composite increases by 40.09 points, or 2.5 per cent, to 1666.58.	1
The Nasdaq Composite increased by 40.09 points, or 2.5 per cent, to 1666.58.	The Nasdaq Composite has increased by 40.09 points, or 2.5 per cent, to 1666.58.	1
The Nasdaq Composite increased by 40.09 points, or 2.5 per cent, to 1666.58.	Nasdaq Composite increased by 40.09 points, or 2.5 per cent, to 1666.58.	1
The Nasdaq Composite increased by 40.09 points, or 2.5 per cent, to 1666.58.	Nasdaq Composite grew by 40.09 points, or 2.5 per cent, to 1666.58.	1
The nine largest airlines had $75.4 billion in revenue last year.	The 9 largest airlines had $75.4 billion in revenue last year.	1
The nine largest airlines had $75.4 billion in revenue last year.	In total, the nine largest airlines had $75.4 billion in revenue last year.	1
Three Southern politicians who risked their political careers by fighting against bigotry and intolerance were honored Monday with John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Awards for 2003.	Three Southern politicians risked their political careers by fighting against bigotry and intolerance were honored on Monday with John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Awards for 2003.	1
Three Southern politicians who risked their political careers by fighting against bigotry and intolerance were honored Monday with John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Awards for 2003.	Three Southern politicians were honored Monday with John F. Kennedy Profile in Courage Awards for 2003. They risked their political careers by fighting against bigotry and intolerance.	1
It also said it expects a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission.	It said it expects a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.	1
Officials say Peeler and Jones were never legally married but had a common-law marriage.	Officials say Peeler and Jones were never legally married but had a common law marriage.	1
He made the same decree in June 2002, but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms.	When he made the same decree in June 2002, it was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power companies.	1
He made the same decree in June 2002, but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms.	He made the same decree in June 2002 but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power companies.	1
He made the same decree in June 2002, but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms.	In June 2002 he made the same decree, but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms.	1
He made the same decree in June 2002, but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms.	He made the same decree in June 2002, but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power companies.	1
He made the same decree in June 2002, but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms.	He made the same decree in June 2002 but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms.	1
He made the same decree in June 2002, but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms.	In June 2002, he made the same decree but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms.	1
He made the same decree in June 2002, but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms.	The same decree was made in June 2002 but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms.	1
He made the same decree in June 2002, but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms.	It is worth noting that he took the same decree in June 2002 but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms.	1
In 1975 he married Marta Casals, the widow of Pablo Casals.	In 1975, he married Marta Casals, the widow of Pablo Casals.	1
"We have found the smoking gun," investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.	"We have found the smoking gun," investigation board member Scott Hubbard said. "We have found a smoking gun."	1
The cards are issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the card holder.	Card is issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the card holder.	1
The cards are issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the card holder.	Card is issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and shows date of birth, current photo and address of the card holder.	1
The cards are issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the card holder.	The card is issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the card holder.	1
The cards are issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the card holder.	Cards are issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the card holder.	1
The cards are issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the card holder.	Card is issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and shows the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the card holder.	1
The cards are issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the card holder.	They are issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the card holder.	1
The final chapter in the trilogy, The Matrix Revolutions, is out in November.	The final chapter in the trilogy, The Matrix Revolutions, will be out in November.	1
The final chapter in the trilogy, The Matrix Revolutions, is out in November.	The Matrix Revolutions is the last chapter in the trilogy, which will be released in November.	1
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.	The loss occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.	1
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.	The loss occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of the three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.	1
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.	Loss occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of the three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.	1
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.	The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of the three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.	1
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.	Loss occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.	1
Their election increases the board from seven people to nine.	Election increases the board from seven to nine people.	1
Their election increases the board from seven people to nine.	Their election increases the board from seven to nine people.	1
Their election increases the board from seven people to nine.	Their election increases the board from 7 people to 9 people.	1
Their election increases the board from seven people to nine.	Their election increases the board from seven people to nine people.	1
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.	The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that has not only angered victims' advocates but also parishioners and some priests.	1
"This is not a scaled-down version of the Oracle Enterprise Edition or Standard Edition [database].	This is not a scaled-down version of the Oracle Enterprise Edition or Standard Edition [database].	1
"This is not a scaled-down version of the Oracle Enterprise Edition or Standard Edition [database].	"This is not a scaled-down version of Oracle Enterprise Edition or Standard Edition [database].	1
"This is not a scaled-down version of the Oracle Enterprise Edition or Standard Edition [database].	This is not scaled down version of Oracle Enterprise Edition or Standard Edition [database].	1
Significantly, it made no mention of the role of terrorist organisation Jemah Islamiyah, accused of being behind the attacks.	Importantly, it made no mention of the role of terrorist organisation Jemah Islamiyah, accused of being behind the attacks.	1
One, from a former CIBC executive, described the returns earned by the bank on its Enron deals as "outrageous."	One comment, from a former CIBC executive, described the returns earned by the bank on its Enron deals as "outrageous."	1
One, from a former CIBC executive, described the returns earned by the bank on its Enron deals as "outrageous."	One, from a former CIBC executive, described the returns earned by the bank on its Enron deals as "outrageous".	1
The Nasdaq Composite Index lost 16.95, or 1.1 percent, to 1507.76, its first slide in five days.	The Nasdaq Composite Index dropped 16.95, or 1.1 percent, to 1507.76, its first slide in five days.	1
That leaves about three dozen at risk of aid cutoffs, said State Department spokesman Richard Boucher, who did not identify them.	About three dozen others are at risk of aid cutoffs, said State Department spokesman Richard Boucher, who did not identify them.	1
"Prospects for the whole Canadian aerospace industry are improving with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of the aircraft financing capability in this country," Mr. Tellier said.	"Prospects for the whole Canadian aerospace industry are improving with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of the aircraft financing capacity in this country," said Mr. Tellier.	1
"Prospects for the whole Canadian aerospace industry are improving with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of the aircraft financing capability in this country," Mr. Tellier said.	"Prospects for the whole Canadian aerospace industry are improving with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of the aircraft financing capability in this country," said Mr. Tellier.	1
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.	Two astronomers are inspecting the region around Jupiter. They have discovered 20 new moons, bringing the total lunar masses to 60.	1
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.	Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the planet's total to 60.	1
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at children's Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	1
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at children’s Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	1
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at Children's Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	1
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	The seventh victim in the Burn Unit, a women, died Tuesday night at children's Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	1
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	The seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at Childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	1
And two key shuttle program leaders were out of town during the flight.	Two Shuttle program leaders were out of town during the flight.	1
And two key shuttle program leaders were out of town during the flight.	Two key shuttle program leaders were out of town during the flight.	1
And two key shuttle program leaders were out of town during the flight.	Two shuttle program leaders were out of town on the flight.	1
And two key shuttle program leaders were out of town during the flight.	But two key shuttle program leaders were out of town during the flight.	1
And two key shuttle program leaders were out of town during the flight.	In the end, two key shuttle program leaders were out of town during the flight.	1
And two key shuttle program leaders were out of town during the flight.	Moreover, two key shuttle program leaders were out of town during the flight.	1
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.	Last week his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency. The governor declined to intervene.	1
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.	Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency but the governor declined to intervene.	1
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.	Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor refused to intervene.	1
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.	Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency but the governor refused to intervene.	1
Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency, but the governor declined to intervene.	The governor declined to intervene. Last week, his lawyers asked Gov. Mark R. Warner to grant clemency.	1
"The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up."	The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in enhanced Medicare we're setting up."	1
"The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up."	The benefit is equal for everyone, both in the traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up."	1
"The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up."	'The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up.'"	1
"The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up."	The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in enhanced Medicare we're setting up.	1
"The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up."	The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up."	1
"The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up."	In Medicare the benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in enhanced Medicare we're setting up."	1
"The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up."	The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up.	1
"The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up."	"The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in enhanced Medicare we're setting up."	1
"The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up."	In Medicare, "The benefit is equal for everyone, both in traditional Medicare and in the enhanced Medicare we're setting up."	1
In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.	Several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters in the weeks leading up to the execution.	1
In the weeks leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.	During the week leading up to the execution, several Florida officials received anonymous threatening letters.	1
The disagreement over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.	The dispute over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.	1
The disagreement over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.	The court's dispute over the availability of online music is disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.	1
About 700 MONUC troops are based in Bunia, but the force has neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting.	About 700 MONUC troops are based in Bunia but the force has neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting.	1
About 700 MONUC troops are based in Bunia, but the force has neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting.	From 220 to 780 MONUC troops are based in Bunia, but the force has neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting.	1
About 700 MONUC troops are based in Bunia, but the force has neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting.	Around 700 MONUC troops are based in Bunia, but the force has neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting.	1
About 700 MONUC troops are based in Bunia, but the force has neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting.	Currently, about 700 MONUC troops are based in Bunia, but the force has neither the mandate nor the manpower to stop the fighting.	1
It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground," NASA spokesman Robert Navias said.	And it's as if they (Russians) hit an x mark on the ground "," says NASA spokesman Robert Navias.	1
It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground," NASA spokesman Robert Navias said.	"It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground," NASA spokesman Robert Navias said.	1
It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground," NASA spokesman Robert Navias said.	It's almost like Russians hit an x-mark on the ground. NASA spokesman Robert Navias said.	1
It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground," NASA spokesman Robert Navias said.	“It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x mark on the ground," NASA spokesman Robert Navias said.	1
It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground," NASA spokesman Robert Navias said.	Is it almost as if the Russians hit an x mark on the ground," NASA spokesman Robert Navias said.	1
It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground," NASA spokesman Robert Navias said.	So it's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground," NASA spokesman Robert Navias said.	1
It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground," NASA spokesman Robert Navias said.	"It is almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground," NASA spokesman Robert Navias said.	1
The institute estimates that last year 15.7 per cent of the average supermarket's sales and more than half of gross margin went to pay employee costs.	The institute estimates that last year 15.7 per cent of the average supermarket's sales and more than half of the gross margin went to pay employee costs.	1
The institute estimates that last year 15.7 per cent of the average supermarket's sales and more than half of gross margin went to pay employee costs.	The institute estimates that last year 15.7 per cent of the average supermarket's sales and more than half of gross margin went to cover employee costs.	1
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.	By 2040, French retirees will increase from a fifth to a third of the population.	1
French retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.	In France, retirees will increase from one fifth to a third of the population by 2040.	1
He had served nine years in prison for the crime -- two on death row -- when he was released.	When he was freed, he had served nine years in prison for the crime -- two on death row -- when he was released.	1
"This is not unanticipated," Chief Deputy District Attorney John Goold said Monday.	This is not unanticipated, Chief Deputy District Attorney John Goold said on Monday.	1
"This is not unanticipated," Chief Deputy District Attorney John Goold said Monday.	"This is not unanticipated," Chief Deputy District Attorney John Goold said on Monday.	1
Samudra, 33, a textile salesman, is also charged with the church bombings across Indonesia on Christmas Eve, 2000, in which 19 people died.	Samudra, 33, a textile salesman, is also charged with the church bombings across Indonesia on Christmas Eve 2000, in which 19 people died.	1
Samudra, 33, a textile salesman, is also charged with the church bombings across Indonesia on Christmas Eve, 2000, in which 19 people died.	Samudra, 33, is a textile salesman. He is also charged with the church bombings across Indonesia on Christmas Eve 2000, in which 19 people died.	1
The two have no diplomatic ties and their already tense relationship has been frayed by the crisis over the North's nuclear ambitions.	Both sides have no diplomatic ties but their already tense relationship has been frayed by the crisis over the North's nuclear ambitions.	1
The two have no diplomatic ties and their already tense relationship has been frayed by the crisis over the North's nuclear ambitions.	They don't have any diplomatic ties and their already tense relationship has been frayed by the crisis over North's nuclear ambitions.	1
The two have no diplomatic ties and their already tense relationship has been frayed by the crisis over the North's nuclear ambitions.	There are no diplomatic ties between them and their already tense relationship has been frayed by the crisis over the North's nuclear ambitions.	1
The two have no diplomatic ties and their already tense relationship has been frayed by the crisis over the North's nuclear ambitions.	No diplomatic ties between the two countries. Their already tense relationship has been frayed by the crisis over the North's nuclear ambitions.	1
The two have no diplomatic ties and their already tense relationship has been frayed by the crisis over the North's nuclear ambitions.	No diplomatic ties between the two countries, and their already tense relationship has been frayed by the crisis over the North's nuclear ambitions.	1
The only commercial carrier flying to Baghdad, Royal Jordanian, also suspended its flights for three days.	Royal Jordanian, the only commercial airline flying to Baghdad, has suspended its flights for three days.	1
The only commercial carrier flying to Baghdad, Royal Jordanian, also suspended its flights for three days.	The only airline flying to Baghdad, Royal Jordanian, also canceled its flights for three days.	1
The only commercial carrier flying to Baghdad, Royal Jordanian, also suspended its flights for three days.	Royal Jordanian is the only commercial airline operating to Baghdad and has suspended its flights for three days.	1
The only commercial carrier flying to Baghdad, Royal Jordanian, also suspended its flights for three days.	Royal Jordanian, the only commercial airline flying to Baghdad, also suspended its flights for three days.	1
The only commercial carrier flying to Baghdad, Royal Jordanian, also suspended its flights for three days.	Royal Jordanian, the only commercial airline in Baghdad, also suspended its flights for three days.	1
"I make no apologies for the fact that the negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret," Mr Truss said.	I make no apologies for the fact that the negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret," Mr Truss said.	1
"I make no apologies for the fact that the negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret," Mr Truss said.	"I make no apology for the fact that the negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret," Mr Truss said.	1
"I make no apologies for the fact that the negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret," Mr Truss said.	"The negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret," Mr Truss said. "I make no apologies for the fact that the negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret," Mr Truss said.	1
"I make no apologies for the fact that the negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret," Mr Truss said.	I have no apologies for the fact that the negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret," Mr Truss said.	1
A senior law enforcement official, discussing the case on grounds of anonymity, identified the suspect as Ahmed Mehalba.	One senior law enforcement official, discussing the case on grounds of anonymity, identified the suspect as Ahmed Mehalba.	1
Parson was charged with intentionally causing and attempting to cause damage to protected computers.	Parson was arrested on suspicion of intentionally causing and attempting to cause damage to protected computers.	1
"That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center," the suit says.	"The obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center," says the suit.	1
"That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center," the suit says.	That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center, the suit says.	1
"That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center," the suit says.	"The obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center," the suit says.	1
"That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center," the suit says.	According to suit, "that obligation to pay rent continues unabated despite the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center."	1
"That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center," the suit says.	The suit says: "That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center."	1
"That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center," the suit says.	This obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center," the suit says.	1
"That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center," the suit says.	The suit says that obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center.	1
Investors were askingwhether other banks, some of which are still being audited, could be dealt with in the same way.	Investors were asking whether other banks, some of which are still being audited, could be dealt with in the same way.	1
Bennett told Newsweek that "over 10 years, I'd say I've come out pretty close to even."	Bennett told Newsweek that over 10 years, I'd say I've come out pretty close to even."	1
Bennett told Newsweek that "over 10 years, I'd say I've come out pretty close to even."	Bennett told Newsweek that "in the last 10 years, I'd say I've come out pretty close to even."	1
"It is symptomatic of the communication difficulties that often trouble the ECB," said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas.	Is it symptomatic of the communication difficulties that often trouble the ECB," says Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas.	1
"It is symptomatic of the communication difficulties that often trouble the ECB," said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas.	"It is symptomatic of the communication difficulties that often trouble the ECB" said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas.	1
"It is symptomatic of the communication difficulties that often trouble the ECB," said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas.	"It is symptomatic of the communication difficulties that often trouble the ECB", said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas.	1
"We're going to defend these charges in court," said Ira Lee Sorkin, Furst's attorney.	"We're going to defend these charges in court" said Ira Lee Sorkin, Furst's attorney.	1
"We're going to defend these charges in court," said Ira Lee Sorkin, Furst's attorney.	Ira Lee Sorkin, Furst's attorney, added: "We're going to defend these charges in court," said Ira Lee Sorkin, Furst's attorney.	1
"We're going to defend these charges in court," said Ira Lee Sorkin, Furst's attorney.	Ira Lee Sorkin, Furst's attorney, said "We're going to defend these charges in court."	1
"The court and the public need to know much more of the details of the defendant's seemingly massive fraud," the judge said.	"The court and the public need to know much more of the details of the defendant's seemingly massive fraud", the judge said.	1
"The court and the public need to know much more of the details of the defendant's seemingly massive fraud," the judge said.	"The court and the public need to know much more details about the defendant's seemingly massive fraud", the judge said.	1
"The court and the public need to know much more of the details of the defendant's seemingly massive fraud," the judge said.	"The court and the public need to know much more details of the defendant's seemingly massive fraud," the judge said.	1
"The court and the public need to know much more of the details of the defendant's seemingly massive fraud," the judge said.	"The court and the public need to know much more of the details of the defendant's seemingly massive fraud," said the judge.	1
"The court and the public need to know much more of the details of the defendant's seemingly massive fraud," the judge said.	The court and the public need to know much more of the details of the defendant's seemingly massive fraud," the judge said.	1
But the Foreign Affairs Committee yesterday cleared Blair's cabinet of that accusation.	But the Foreign Affairs Committee cleared Blair's cabinet of that accusation yesterday.	1
But the Foreign Affairs Committee yesterday cleared Blair's cabinet of that accusation.	But the Foreign Affairs Committee cleared Blair's cabinet yesterday of that accusation.	1
But the Foreign Affairs Committee yesterday cleared Blair's cabinet of that accusation.	The Foreign Affairs Committee cleared Blair's cabinet of that accusation yesterday.	1
But the Foreign Affairs Committee yesterday cleared Blair's cabinet of that accusation.	And the Foreign Affairs Committee cleared Blair's cabinet of that accusation yesterday.	1
Those searches have not found stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of a nuclear weapons program.	Those searches have not found stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of a nuclear weapon program.	1
Those searches have not found stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of a nuclear weapons program.	Those searches have not found stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of nuclear weapons program.	1
Those searches have not found stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of a nuclear weapons program.	Such searches have not found stocks of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of nuclear weapons program.	1
Those searches have not found stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of a nuclear weapons program.	Those searches have not found stocks of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of a nuclear weapons program.	1
Those searches have not found stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of a nuclear weapons program.	Those searches have not found stocks of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of nuclear weapons program.	1
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.	The keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.	1
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.	In the Chinese language, its keywords are supported by Chinese web portals.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX slipped 0.13 points, or just 0.01 percent, to 966.87.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX slipped 0.13 points, or just 0.01 percent, to 966.87.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX slipped 0.13 points, or just 0.01 percent, to 966.87.	Standard and Poor's 500 index.SPX slipped 0.13 points, or 0.01 percent, to 966.87.	1
This is the first time in the United States that five whales have been released simultaneously from a single stranding incident.	In the United States, it is the first time that five whales have been released simultaneously from one stranding incident.	1
This is the first time in the United States that five whales have been released simultaneously from a single stranding incident.	It is the first time in the United States that five whales have been released simultaneously from a single stranding incident.	1
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.	There are 659 women enrolled in the academy, the report said.	1
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.	In total there are 659 women in the academy, the report said.	1
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.	In total there are a total of 659 women enrolled at the Academy, the report said.	1
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.	The Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.	1
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.	Will the Supreme Court hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users?	1
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	He has set up a group to review the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	1
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	He has set up a group to revise the Constitution, possibly to protect private property.	1
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	He has set up a group to reform the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	1
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	He has set up a group to review the Constitution, possibly to protect private property.	1
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	He has set up a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	1
"It was to fly a plane into the White House," Karas said.	"It was to fly a plane into the White House, " Karas said.	1
"It was to fly a plane into the White House," Karas said.	I mean, it was to fly a plane into the White House,'' Karas said.	1
"It was to fly a plane into the White House," Karas said.	It was to fly a plane into the White House, Karas said.	1
The IRS said taxpayers can avoid undelivered checks by having refunds deposited directly into their checking or savings accounts.	The IRS says taxpayers can avoid undelivered checks by having refunds deposited directly into their checking or savings accounts.	1
The IRS said taxpayers can avoid undelivered checks by having refunds deposited directly into their checking or savings accounts.	IRS says taxpayers can avoid undelivered checks by having refunds deposited directly into their checking or savings accounts.	1
"More than 70,000 men and women from bases in Southern California were deployed in Iraq.	More than 70,000 men and women from bases in Southern California were deployed in Iraq."	1
"More than 70,000 men and women from bases in Southern California were deployed in Iraq.	More than 70,000 men and women from bases in Southern California were deployed in Iraq. "	1
"More than 70,000 men and women from bases in Southern California were deployed in Iraq.	More than 70,000 men and women from bases in Southern California were deployed in Iraq.	1
BP shares slipped 0.8 percent to 433.50 pence ($6.85) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange.	BP shares slipped 0.8% to 433.50 pence ($6.85) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange.	1
BP shares slipped 0.8 percent to 433.50 pence ($6.85) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange.	BP shares dropped 0.8 percent to 433.50 pence ($6.85) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange.	1
BP shares slipped 0.8 percent to 433.50 pence ($6.85) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange.	Shares of BP have slipped 0.8 percent to 433.50 pence ($6.85) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange.	1
BP shares slipped 0.8 percent to 433.50 pence ($6.85) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange.	BP shares fell 0.8 percent to 433.50 pence ($6.85) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange.	1
BP shares slipped 0.8 percent to 433.50 pence ($6.85) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange.	BP shares fell 0.8% to 433.50 pence ($6.85) each in afternoon trading on the London Stock Exchange.	1
They worry the treatment could leave their son sterile, blind or even dead.	And they fear the treatment will leave their son sterile, blind or even dead.	1
They worry the treatment could leave their son sterile, blind or even dead.	They fear the treatment could leave their son sterile, blind or even dead.	1
They worry the treatment could leave their son sterile, blind or even dead.	They worry that the treatment could leave their son sterile, blind or even dead.	1
Because of the accounting charge, the company now says it lost $1.04 billion, or 32 cents a share, in the quarter ended June 30.	Due to the accounting charge, the company now says it lost $1.04 billion, or 32 cents a share, in the quarter ended June 30.	1
Because of the accounting charge, the company now says it lost $1.04 billion, or 32 cents a share, in the quarter ended June 30.	By reason of the accounting charge, the company says it lost $1.04 billion, or 32 cents a share, in the quarter ended June 30.	1
The parade, which moves west along Eastern Parkway in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn, went through the district Davis represented.	The parade, which moves west along Eastern Parkway in Crown Heights section of Brooklyn, went through the district Davis represented.	1
The company said it now expects second-quarter earnings of 68 cents and 72 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents.	In its second quarter, the company said it now expects earnings of 68 cents and 72 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents.	1
The company said it now expects second-quarter earnings of 68 cents and 72 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents.	The company said it now expects second quarter earnings of 68 cents and 72 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents.	1
The company said it now expects second-quarter earnings of 68 cents and 72 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents.	The company said it expects second-quarter earnings of 68 cents and 72 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents.	1
The company said it now expects second-quarter earnings of 68 cents and 72 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents.	Earnings: The company now expects second quarter earnings of 68 cents and 72 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents.	1
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."	From the Senate floor, Byrd said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."	1
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."	Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior" for purposes of a speech.	1
Some Wall Street experts believe stocks have rallied too far, too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks.	Some Wall Street experts believe stocks have rallied too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks.	1
Some Wall Street experts believe stocks have rallied too far, too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks.	Some Wall Street analysts believe stocks have rallied too far, too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks.	1
Some Wall Street experts believe stocks have rallied too far, too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks.	In other words, some Wall Street experts believe stocks have rallied too far, too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks.	1
Some Wall Street experts believe stocks have rallied too far, too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks.	Some Wall Street experts believe stocks have rallied too much, too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks.	1
Some Wall Street experts believe stocks have rallied too far, too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks.	Wall Street analysts think the stock market has rallied too far, too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks.	1
Some Wall Street experts believe stocks have rallied too far, too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks.	Some Wall Street analysts believe stocks have rallied too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks.	1
Some Wall Street experts believe stocks have rallied too far, too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks.	Many Wall Street experts believe that stocks have rallied too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks.	1
The NASD also alleges Young flew multiple times on Tyco corporate jets, often accompanied by Kozlowski.	NASD alleges Young flew multiple times on Tyco corporate jets, often accompanied by Kozlowski.	1
The NASD also alleges Young flew multiple times on Tyco corporate jets, often accompanied by Kozlowski.	The NASD alleges Young flew multiple times on Tyco corporate jets, often accompanied by Kozlowski.	1
The NASD also alleges Young flew multiple times on Tyco corporate jets, often accompanied by Kozlowski.	NASD alleges that Young flew multiple times on Tyco corporate jets, often accompanied by Kozlowski.	1
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.	We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled... that the Department's actions are fully within the law.	1
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.	We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled... that the department's actions are fully within the law.	1
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.	We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled that the department's actions are fully within the law.	1
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.	We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled...that the department's actions are fully within the law.	1
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.	The report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled... that the department's actions are fully within the law.	1
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.	'We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled... that the department's actions are fully within the law'.	1
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.	The department's actions are fully within the law. We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled... that the department's actions are fully within the law.	1
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.	The department's actions are fully within the law, but we believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled... that the department's actions are fully within the law.	1
We believe the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled ... that the department's actions are fully within the law.	The Department's actions are fully within the law. Our view is that the report is fully consistent with what the courts have ruled... that the Department's actions are fully within the law.	1
"I conclude that plaintiffs have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to Bin Laden and Al Qaeda," Baer said.	"I conclude that plaintiffs have shown, albeit barely... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and Al Qaeda," Baer said.	1
"I conclude that plaintiffs have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to Bin Laden and Al Qaeda," Baer said.	I conclude that plaintiffs have shown, albeit barely... that Iraq provided material support to Bin Laden and Al Qaeda." Baer said.	1
"I conclude that plaintiffs have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to Bin Laden and Al Qaeda," Baer said.	"I conclude that plaintiffs have shown, albeit barely... that Iraq provided material support to Bin Laden and Al Qaeda," Baer said.	1
"I conclude that plaintiffs have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to Bin Laden and Al Qaeda," Baer said.	I conclude that plaintiffs have shown, albeit barely... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and Al Qaeda," Baer said.	1
"I conclude that plaintiffs have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to Bin Laden and Al Qaeda," Baer said.	I conclude that plaintiffs have shown, albeit barely... that Iraq provided material support to Bin Laden and Al Qaeda," Baer said.	1
Reagan is played by James Brolin, who is married to singer Barbra Streisand, a leading Democratic activist.	Reagan is played by James Brolin who is married to Barbra Streisand, a leading democratic activist.	1
A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes software, which was released last month.	A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes software, released last month.	1
A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes software, which was released last month.	A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apple's Windows iTunes software, which was released last month.	1
A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes software, which was released last month.	A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes, which was released last month.	1
A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes software, which was released last month.	A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apple's Windows iTunes software. The software was released last month.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.	The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.	1
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh said Friday on his program.	"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh said on his program Friday.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.	1
The Foreign Office said there was a "clear" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.	Foreign office: There is a "clear" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.	1
The Foreign Office said there was a "clear" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.	Foreign Office said there was a "clear" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.	1
The Foreign Office said there was a "clear" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.	Foreign Office: There is a clear risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.	1
The Foreign Office said there was a "clear" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.	Foreign Office said there is a "clear" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.	1
The Foreign Office said there was a "clear" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.	Foreign Office: There was a "clear" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.	1
The Foreign Office said there was a "clear" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.	According to Foreign Office there is a "clear" threat of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.	1
The Foreign Office said there was a "clear" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.	Foreign Office said there is a clear risk of terrorist attack on Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.	1
The Foreign Office said there was a "clear" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.	Foreign office said there was a "clear" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.	1
The Foreign Office said there was a "clear" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.	Foreign Office: "There is a clear risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda."	1
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.	Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.	1
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average retreated 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.	1
The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	The truck transported the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	1
The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 ton of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	1
The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	The emergency ministry official said that the truck was carrying the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	1
The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	The emergency ministry official said the truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	1
The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	The truck was carrying the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	1
The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	The truck carrying the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	1
The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	The truck was carrying the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, Emergency Ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	1
The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	The truck carrying the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, Emergency Ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	1
The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, said an emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev.	1
The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	The truck was carrying the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, an emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	1
The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	In total, the truck was carrying 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	1
The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	Emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said the truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT.	1
An international warrant for his arrest was issued both to the Ghanaian authorities and to Interpol.	An international warrant was issued for his arrest both to the Ghanaian authorities and Interpol.	1
An international warrant for his arrest was issued both to the Ghanaian authorities and to Interpol.	An international warrant was issued both to the Ghanaian authorities and to Interpol for his arrest.	1
PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors on Friday unanimously rejected Oracle Corp.'s revised bid of $19.50 per share.	PeopleSoft Inc.'s board of directors unanimously rejected Oracle Corp.'s revised bid of $19.50 per share on Friday.	1
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.	Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.	1
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.	Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were "continuing to make significant progress" in the case.	1
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.	Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were 'continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.	1
Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas told a news conference Monday that authorities were ``continuing to make significant progress'' in the case.	Luzerne County District Attorney David Lupas said at a news conference Monday that authorities were continuing to make significant progress in the case.	1
Berry also married and divorced his second wife twice, most recently in 1991.	Berry also divorced his second wife twice, most recently in 1991.	1
Berry also married and divorced his second wife twice, most recently in 1991.	Berry married and divorced his second wife twice, most recently in 1991.	1
Tomorrow's testimony is to give an inside look at tax shelter development and marketing.	Tomorrow's testimony will give an inside look at tax shelter development and marketing.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was off 4.86 points, or 0.49 percent, at 993.82.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX> was off 4.86 points, or 0.49 percent, at 993.82.	1
Goodyear's third-quarter earnings report, which had been scheduled to be released on Thursday, was postponed until November.	Goodyear's third quarter earnings report, which had been scheduled to be released on Thursday, has been postponed until November.	1
Goodyear's third-quarter earnings report, which had been scheduled to be released on Thursday, was postponed until November.	Goodyear's third quarter earnings report, which had been scheduled to be released on Thursday, was postponed until November.	1
The bonds traded to below 60 percent of face value earlier this year.	The bonds traded below 60 percent of face value earlier this year.	1
The bonds traded to below 60 percent of face value earlier this year.	Bond prices traded below 60 percent of face value earlier this year.	1
The bonds traded to below 60 percent of face value earlier this year.	The bond traded to below 60 percent of face value earlier this year.	1
The bonds traded to below 60 percent of face value earlier this year.	Bonds traded to below 60 percent of face value earlier this year.	1
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	According to Mexican law, bounty hunting is a form of kidnapping.	1
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	In Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered to be a form of kidnapping.	1
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	In Mexican laws, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	1
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	Mexican law provides that bounty hunting is a form of kidnapping.	1
But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says.	FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says.	1
But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says.	FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi, even though it received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says.	1
Several doctors and courts have found Schiavo to be in a persistent vegetative state, but Byrd disagreed.	At present, a few doctors and courts have found Schiavo to be in a persistent vegetative state but Byrd disagreed.	1
Several doctors and courts have found Schiavo to be in a persistent vegetative state, but Byrd disagreed.	Several doctors and courts have found Schiavo to be in a persistent vegetative state but Byrd disagreed.	1
Several doctors and courts have found Schiavo to be in a persistent vegetative state, but Byrd disagreed.	In many doctors and courts, Schiavo has been found to be in a persistent vegetative state but Byrd disagreed.	1
That compares to a net loss of $6.6 million, or 47 cents per share, on revenue of $15.5 million in 2002's second fiscal quarter.	What compares to a net loss of $6.6 million, or 47 cents per share, on revenue of $15.5 million in 2002's second fiscal quarter.	1
That compares to a net loss of $6.6 million, or 47 cents per share, on revenue of $15.5 million in 2002's second fiscal quarter.	That compares to a net loss of $6.6 million, or 47 cents per share, on revenue of $15.5 million in the second fiscal quarter 2002.	1
That compares to a net loss of $6.6 million, or 47 cents per share, on revenue of $15.5 million in 2002's second fiscal quarter.	This compares to a net loss of $6.6 million, or 47 cents per share, on revenue of $15.5 million in 2002's second fiscal quarter.	1
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words, daughter Linda Hope said.	The man really left us with a smile on his face and no last words, daughter Linda Hope said.	1
He said sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products are the strongest, but discretionary items are still weak.	Sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products are the strongest, but discretionary items are still weak.	1
He said sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products are the strongest, but discretionary items are still weak.	He said the sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products are the strongest, but discretionary items are still weak.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX slipped 11.83 points, or 1.20 percent, to 975.93.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX fell 11.83 points, or 1.20 percent, to 975.93.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX slipped 11.83 points, or 1.20 percent, to 975.93.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX slipped 11.83 points, or 1.20 percent, to 975.93.	1
France, Russia, China and others had advocated a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	France, Russia, China and others had advocated for a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	1
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).	Second is HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).	1
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).	Next is HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up 0.4 percent).	1
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).	Also of note comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).	1
The discoveries came a day after a package bomb burst into flames in the Bologna, Italy home of EU Commission President Romano Prodi, who was not injured.	The discovery comes a day after a package bomb burst into flames in the Bologna, Italy home of EU Commission President Romano Prodi, who was not injured.	1
The discoveries came a day after a package bomb burst into flames in the Bologna, Italy home of EU Commission President Romano Prodi, who was not injured.	The discovery came a day after a package bomb burst into flames in the Bologna, Italy home of EU Commission President Romano Prodi, who was not injured.	1
"It was never our intention to sell the product," said Health Minister Anne McClellan, a skeptic of medical marijuana use.	It was never our intention to sell the product," said Health Minister Anne McClellan, a skeptic of medical marijuana use.	1
"It was never our intention to sell the product," said Health Minister Anne McClellan, a skeptic of medical marijuana use.	It was never our intention to sell the product, said Health Minister Anne McClellan, a skeptic of medical marijuana use.	1
The scientists wanted to pick the minds of the Buddhist scholars about how best to use technology such as brain imaging to study consciousness.	Science wanted to pick the minds of the Buddhist scholars about how best to use technology such as brain imaging to study consciousness.	1
The scientists wanted to pick the minds of the Buddhist scholars about how best to use technology such as brain imaging to study consciousness.	So the scientists wanted to pick the minds of the Buddhist scholars about how best to use technology such as brain imaging to study consciousness.	1
The scientists wanted to pick the minds of the Buddhist scholars about how best to use technology such as brain imaging to study consciousness.	Scientists wanted to pick the minds of the Buddhist scholars about how best to use technology such as brain imaging to study consciousness.	1
The scientists wanted to pick the minds of the Buddhist scholars about how best to use technology such as brain imaging to study consciousness.	Apparently, the scientists wanted to pick the minds of the Buddhist scholars about how best to use technology such as brain imaging to study consciousness.	1
But homecomings for those soldiers, as well as the division's 3rd Squadron, 7th Cavalry Regiment, have now been postponed indefinitely.	Homecomings for those soldiers, as well as the division's 3rd Squadron, 7th Cavalry Regiment, have now been postponed indefinitely.	1
He was in Cincinnati helping another daughter move when the tragedy occurred, friends said.	"He was in Cincinnati helping another daughter move when the tragedy occurred," friends said.	1
He was in Cincinnati helping another daughter move when the tragedy occurred, friends said.	He was helping a daughter move to Cincinnati when the tragedy happened, friends said.	1
He was in Cincinnati helping another daughter move when the tragedy occurred, friends said.	He was helping his daughter move to Cincinnati when the tragedy occurred, friends said.	1
He was in Cincinnati helping another daughter move when the tragedy occurred, friends said.	He was helping another daughter move when the tragedy occurred, friends said. He was in Cincinnati helping another daughter move, friends said.	1
He was in Cincinnati helping another daughter move when the tragedy occurred, friends said.	In Cincinnati, a man was helping another daughter move when the tragedy happened, friends said.	1
He was in Cincinnati helping another daughter move when the tragedy occurred, friends said.	In Cincinnati, he was helping another daughter move when the tragedy occurred, friends said.	1
The indictment supercedes a criminal complaint filed against Quattrone on April 23 with similar charges.	The Indictment supersedes a criminal complaint filed against Quattrone on April 23 with similar charges.	1
"I don't think my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week," he said.	I don't think my brain is going to die this afternoon or next week.," he said.	1
"I don't think my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week," he said.	I don't think my brain will go dead this afternoon or next week," he said.	1
"I don't think my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week," he said.	"I don't think my brain is going to die this afternoon or next week," he said.	1
"I don't think my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week," he said.	I don't think my brain is going to die this afternoon or next week," he said.	1
"I don't think my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week," he said.	I don't think my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week," he said.	1
GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.	GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW employees and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.	1
GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.	GM is the world's largest automaker and has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.	1
Obviously, I've made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous and all those things, because that's the way I always was.	I've made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous and all those things, because that's the way I always was.	1
Obviously, I've made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous and all those things, because that's the way I always was.	I've made statements that are ludicrous, crazy and outrageous and all those things, because that's the way I always was.	1
Obviously, I've made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous and all those things, because that's the way I always was.	I've made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous, and all those things, because that's the way I always was.	1
Obviously, I've made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous and all those things, because that's the way I always was.	Obviously, I've made statements that are ludicrous, crazy and outrageous and all those things, because that's the way I always was.	1
Obviously, I've made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous and all those things, because that's the way I always was.	I've made many statement that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous and all those things, because that's the way I always was.	1
Obviously, I've made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous and all those things, because that's the way I always was.	I have made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous and all those things, because that's the way I always was.	1
Obviously, I've made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous and all those things, because that's the way I always was.	I've made statements that are absurd and crazy and outrageous and all those things, because that's the way I always was.	1
"This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes."	This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes.	1
"This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes."	"This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes,"	1
"This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes."	"This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who choose to be left alone in their homes."	1
"This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes."	This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes."	1
"This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes."	This puts telemarketers on notice that we will take all measures necessary to protect consumers who chose to be left alone in their homes. "	1
Jim Guest, president of Consumers Union, said they stand by their reporting.	Consumers Union President Jim Guest said they stand by their reporting.	1
Jim Guest, president of Consumers Union, said they stand by their reporting.	Jim Guest, president of Consumers Union, said they stand by their report.	1
Jim Guest, president of Consumers Union, said they stand by their reporting.	Consumers Union president Jim Guest, said they stand by their reporting.	1
Jim Guest, president of Consumers Union, said they stand by their reporting.	Consumers Union president, Jim Guest, said they stand by their reporting.	1
Jim Guest, president of Consumers Union, said they stand by their reporting.	Jim Guest, president of Consumer Union, said they stand by their reporting.	1
Jim Guest, president of Consumers Union, said they stand by their reporting.	Jim Guest, president of Consumers Union said they stand by their reporting.	1
Jim Guest, president of Consumers Union, said they stand by their reporting.	Consumers Union president Jim Guest said they stand by their reporting.	1
Jim Guest, president of Consumers Union, said they stand by their reporting.	Consumers Union President Jim Guest, said they stand by their reporting.	1
But he added, "Once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control."	"Once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control," he said.	1
But he added, "Once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control."	When the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control."	1
But he added, "Once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control."	After the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control."	1
But he added, "Once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control."	If a problem had escalated to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control," he added.	1
But he added, "Once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control."	Once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control, he said.	1
But he added, "Once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control."	When the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control," he added.	1
But he added, "Once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control."	"Once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control," he added.	1
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	Stony Brook University started the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	1
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	Stony Brook University began the study in 1996 after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	1
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	Stony Brook University initiated the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	1
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	Stony Brook University conducted the study in 1996, after previous studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	1
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	Stony Brook University's study of electromagnetic radiation started in 1996, after previous studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	1
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	Stony Brook University began the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	1
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	Stony Brook University carried out the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	1
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	Stony Brook University began a study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	1
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	The Stony Brook University study was launched in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	1
Stony Brook University launched the study in 1996, after earlier studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	The study at Stony Brook University began in 1996, after previous studies indicated a possible connection between electromagnetic fields and cancer.	1
It was the first suicide attack in Israel since October 4, when a bomber killed 23 people.	This was the first suicide attack in Israel since October 4, when a bomber killed 23 people.	1
It was the first suicide attack in Israel since October 4, when a bomber killed 23 people.	It was the first suicide attack in Israel since October 4th when a bomber killed 23 people.	1
It was the first suicide attack in Israel since October 4, when a bomber killed 23 people.	It is the first suicide attack in Israel since October 4, when a bomber killed 23 people.	1
It was the first suicide attack in Israel since October 4, when a bomber killed 23 people.	In Israel, it is the first suicide attack since October 4, when a bomber killed 23 people.	1
They include Ask Jeeves Inc., Global Crossing, Aether Systems, Clarent, Copper Mountain Networks and VA Linux, now VA Software.	These include Ask Jeeves Inc., Global Crossing, Aether Systems, Clarent, Copper Mountain Networks and VA Linux, now VA Software.	1
They include Ask Jeeves Inc., Global Crossing, Aether Systems, Clarent, Copper Mountain Networks and VA Linux, now VA Software.	What they include: Ask Jeeves Inc., Global Crossing, Aether Systems, Clarent, Copper Mountain Networks and VA Linux, now VA Software.	1
They include Ask Jeeves Inc., Global Crossing, Aether Systems, Clarent, Copper Mountain Networks and VA Linux, now VA Software.	They are Ask Jeeves Inc., Global Crossing, Aether Systems, Clarent, Copper Mountain Networks and VA Linux, now VA Software.	1
Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for a day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	1
Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	Is Rosenthal hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served?" Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	1
Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	Rosenthal hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of Prisons for one day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	1
Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	"Rosenthal was hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	1
Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	Is Rosenthal hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of Prisons for one day with credit for time served?" Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	1
Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of Prisons for one day with credit for time served" Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	1
Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served." Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	1
Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	Rosenthal was hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	1
Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	"Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	1
Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	"Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of Prisons for one day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	1
Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served," Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	Rosenthal is hereby sentenced to custody of the Federal Bureau of prisons for one day with credit for time served" Breyer said to tumultuous cheers in the courtroom.	1
The UAW earlier this week reached tentative agreements, also for four years, with Ford Motor Co., DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp.	UAW reached tentative agreements, also for four years, with Ford Motor Co., DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp. earlier this week.	1
The UAW earlier this week reached tentative agreements, also for four years, with Ford Motor Co., DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp.	The UAW earlier this week reached tentative agreements, also for four years, with Ford Motor Co., DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp., also for four years.	1
The UAW earlier this week reached tentative agreements, also for four years, with Ford Motor Co., DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp.	UAW earlier this week reached tentative agreements, also for four years, with Ford Motor Co., DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp.	1
Then the authority can hold another set of public hearings on raising commuting costs, the judge said.	As a result, the authority can hold another set of public hearings on raising commuting costs, the judge said.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index,.IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.	1
In New York, $7,646 is spent annually on each Medicaid recipient, almost double the national average of $3,936.	In New York, $7,646 is spent annually on Medicaid recipients, almost double the national average of $3,936.	1
In New York, $7,646 is spent annually on each Medicaid recipient, almost double the national average of $3,936.	In New York, $7,646 is spent annually on each Medicaid recipient, almost double the national average of $3,936	1
Peterson, 30, was arrested in La Jolla April 18 after the two bodies were identified through DNA tests.	Peterson, 30, was arrested in La Jolla on April 18 after the two bodies were identified through DNA tests.	1
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.	In Kentucky, Democrats Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.	1
In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler faces U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.	In Kentucky, Democratic Attorney General Ben Chandler will be in a fight with U.S. Rep. Ernie Fletcher.	1
Other retailers that will be affected are Argos, part of GUS, and privately owned Littlewoods.	The other retailers that will be affected are Argos, part of GUS, and private owned Littlewoods.	1
Other retailers that will be affected are Argos, part of GUS, and privately owned Littlewoods.	What are the other retailers that will be affected are Argos, part of GUS, and privately owned Littlewoods.	1
Other retailers that will be affected are Argos, part of GUS, and privately owned Littlewoods.	Other retailers that will be affected include Argos, part of GUS, and privately owned Littlewoods.	1
Sun filed its lawsuit after an appeals court in Washington upheld the U.S. government's antitrust case against Microsoft.	Sun filed lawsuit after appeals court in Washington upheld the U.S. government's antitrust case against Microsoft.	1
Jewish and Muslim leaders expressed horror at the proposals, which have not been approved.	Jewish and Muslim leaders expressed disgust at the proposals, which have not been approved.	1
A female attendant, 25, was slashed across the face as the attacker closed on the cockpit.	A female attendant, 25, was slashed across the face as the attacker closed on the cockpit door.	1
Of the 23.5 million high-speed lines, 16.3 million provided advanced services, which the FCC defines as speeds exceeding 200 kbps in both directions.	Out of the 23.5 million high-speed lines, 16.3 million provided advanced services, which the FCC defines as speeds exceeding 200 kbps in both directions.	1
Daniel said it takes about two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.	Daniel said it takes two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.	1
Daniel said it takes about two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.	Daniel estimates it takes about two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.	1
Daniel said it takes about two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.	Daniel said it takes two hours 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.	1
Daniel said it takes about two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.	Daniel: "It takes about 2 hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville."	1
Daniel said it takes about two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.	Daniel said it takes about 2 hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.	1
Daniel said it takes about two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.	Daniel said it takes around two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.	1
Daniel said it takes about two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.	Daniel says it takes about two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.	1
Daniel said it takes about two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.	Daniel says it takes about 2 hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.	1
Daniel said it takes about two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.	Daniel says it takes two hours and 15 minutes to drive from his home to Nashville.	1
Cullen, 43, is charged with murdering a Catholic clergyman and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center.	If convicted, Cullen, 43, is charged with murdering a Catholic clergyman and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center.	1
Cullen, 43, is charged with murdering a Catholic clergyman and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center.	John Cullen, 43, is charged with murdering a Catholic clergyman and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center.	1
Cullen, 43, is charged with murdering a Catholic clergyman and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center.	.. Cullen, 43, is charged with murdering a Catholic clergyman and attempting to kill another patient at Somerset Medical Center.	1
Despite generic competition for acne drug Accutane, flagship drug sales rose 21 percent excluding exchange rate swings and nine percent in francs to 10.31 billion.	Despite generic competition for acne drug Accutane, flagship drug sales rose 21 percent excluding exchange rate swings and 9 percent in francs to 10.31 billion.	1
Tehran has said it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.	Iran has said it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.	1
Tehran has said it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.	Tehran: Tehran will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.	1
Tehran has said it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.	Tehran has announced it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.	1
Tehran has said it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.	Tehran says it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.	1
Tehran has said it will only sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.	Iran has said it will sign the protocol if a ban on imports of peaceful Western nuclear technology is lifted.	1
Financial terms of the deal, expected to close this month, were not released.	Financial terms of deal, expected to close this month, were not released.	1
Financial terms of the deal, expected to close this month, were not released.	Financial terms of the deal were not released but it was expected to close this month.	1
Financial terms of the deal, expected to close this month, were not released.	The financial terms of the deal, expected to close this month, were not released.	1
It also hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to explore refinancing or restructuring of $175 million in senior notes due next year.	He hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to explore refinancing or restructuring of $175 million in senior notes due next year.	1
It also hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to explore refinancing or restructuring of $175 million in senior notes due next year.	They have appointed Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to investigate refinancing or restructuring of $175 million in senior notes due next year.	1
At last week's meeting with U.S. President George W. Bush, Roh said inter-Korean exchanges would be "conducted in light of developments on the North Korean nuclear issue."	North Korea: At last week's meeting with the U.S. President George W. Bush, Roh said inter-Korean exchanges would be "conducted in light of developments on North Korean nuclear issue."	1
At last week's meeting with U.S. President George W. Bush, Roh said inter-Korean exchanges would be "conducted in light of developments on the North Korean nuclear issue."	At last week's meeting with the U.S. president George W. Bush, Roh said inter-Korean exchanges would be "conducted in light of developments on North Korean nuclear issue."	1
At last week's meeting with U.S. President George W. Bush, Roh said inter-Korean exchanges would be "conducted in light of developments on the North Korean nuclear issue."	At last week's meeting with American president George W. Bush, Roh said Inter-Korean exchanges would be "conducted in light of developments on the North Korean nuclear issue."	1
Analysts have predicted third-quarter earnings of 16 cents a share and revenue of $7.15 billion, on average.	Analysts have predicted third quarter earnings of 16 cents a share and revenue of $7.15 billion on average.	1
Analysts have predicted third-quarter earnings of 16 cents a share and revenue of $7.15 billion, on average.	Analysts have predicted 3rd quarter earnings of 16 cents a share and revenue of $7.15 billion, on average.	1
Analysts have predicted third-quarter earnings of 16 cents a share and revenue of $7.15 billion, on average.	Analysts have predicted third quarter earnings of 16 cents a share and revenue of $7.15 billion, on average.	1
Analysts have predicted third-quarter earnings of 16 cents a share and revenue of $7.15 billion, on average.	Analysts have predicted third-quarter earnings of 16 cents a share and revenue of $7.15 billion on average.	1
Analysts have predicted third-quarter earnings of 16 cents a share and revenue of $7.15 billion, on average.	Analysts have predicted 3rd quarter earnings of 16 cents a share and revenue of $7.15 billion on average.	1
In 2001, President Bush named Kathleen Gregg one of six appointees to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest US lender for students.	In 2001, President Bush appointed Kathleen Gregg as one of six appointees to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest US lender for students.	1
In 2001, President Bush named Kathleen Gregg one of six appointees to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest US lender for students.	In 2001, President Bush named Kathleen Gregg as one of six appointees to the Student Loan Marketing Association (SLA), the largest US lender for students.	1
In 2001, President Bush named Kathleen Gregg one of six appointees to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest US lender for students.	In 2001, President Bush appointed Kathleen Gregg one of six appointees to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest US lender for students.	1
In 2001, President Bush named Kathleen Gregg one of six appointees to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest US lender for students.	In 2001, President Bush named Kathleen Gregg as one of six appointees to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest US lender for students.	1
In 2001, President Bush named Kathleen Gregg one of six appointees to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest US lender for students.	In 2001, President Bush named Kathleen Gregg as one of the six appointees to the Student Loan Marketing Association, the largest US lender for students.	1
After hours of negotiations, a SWAT team burst in early yesterday and found Hoffine dead.	After hours of negotiations a SWAT team burst in early yesterday and found Hoffine dead.	1
After hours of negotiations, a SWAT team burst in early yesterday and found Hoffine dead.	After hours of negotiation, a SWAT team burst in early yesterday and found Hoffine dead.	1
After hours of negotiations, a SWAT team burst in early yesterday and found Hoffine dead.	After hours of negotiations, a SWAT team blew in early yesterday and found Hoffine dead.	1
After hours of negotiations, a SWAT team burst in early yesterday and found Hoffine dead.	After hours of negotiations, a SWAT team burst into early yesterday and found Hoffine dead.	1
After hours of negotiations, a SWAT team burst in early yesterday and found Hoffine dead.	After a few hours of negotiations, a SWAT team burst in early yesterday and found Hoffine dead.	1
"I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that.	I never grabbed anybody and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that."	1
"I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that.	I never grabbed anybody and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that. "	1
"I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that.	I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that.	1
"I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that.	I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts and stuff like that."	1
"I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that.	I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that."	1
"I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that.	I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that. "	1
"I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that.	"I never grabbed someone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that.	1
"I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that.	I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts and stuff like that.	1
"I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that.	"I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that."	1
"The death of al-Ghozi signals that terrorists will never get far in the Philippines," Arroyo said in a statement on Monday.	"The death of Al-Ghozi signal that terrorists will never get far in the Philippines", Arroyo said in a statement on Monday.	1
"The death of al-Ghozi signals that terrorists will never get far in the Philippines," Arroyo said in a statement on Monday.	The death of al-Ghozi signals that terrorists will never get far in the Philippines," Arroyo said in a statement on Monday.	1
"We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society," Rumsfeld said in a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations.	"We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society," Rumsfeld said in a speech before the Council on Foreign Relations.	1
"We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society," Rumsfeld said in a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations.	"We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society," Rumsfeld said in his speech to the Council on Foreign Relations.	1
"We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society," Rumsfeld said in a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations.	"Our government is committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society," Rumsfeld said in a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations.	1
"We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society," Rumsfeld said in a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations.	"We are committed to helping the Iraqis get on the path to a free society," Rumsfeld said in a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations.	1
"We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society," Rumsfeld said in a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations.	In a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations, Rumsfeld said, "We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society."	1
Mr. Young said he was disappointed that the government didn't see the severe acute respiratory syndrome crisis as worthy of federal disaster-relief money.	Mr. Young said he was disappointed that the government didn't see the severe acute respiratory syndrome crisis as worthy of federal disaster relief money.	1
Mr. Young said he was disappointed that the government didn't see the severe acute respiratory syndrome crisis as worthy of federal disaster-relief money.	Mr. Young said he was disappointed that the government didn't see the severe acute respiratory syndrome crisis as worthy of federal disaster-relief funds.	1
Last week, Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee ended an 18-month chill in relations by ordering normalisation of diplomatic ties and restoration of air services with Pakistan.	Last week, Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee ended an 18-month chill in relations by ordering regularisation of diplomatic ties and restoration of air services with Pakistan.	1
Last week, Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee ended an 18-month chill in relations by ordering normalisation of diplomatic ties and restoration of air services with Pakistan.	Last week, Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee ended an 18-month chill in relations by ordering normalisation of diplomatic ties and restoring air services with Pakistan.	1
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.	The evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.	1
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.	The evacuation process went smoothly, although the planes didn't know what was going on, Hunt said.	1
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.	While all evacuation was flawless, the passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.	1
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.	While the evacuation went smoothly, passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.	1
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.	Evacuation went smoothly although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.	1
By Wednesday, the Red Planet will come as near to Earth as it has been in 60,000 years.	By Wednesday, the Red Planet will come to Earth as it has in the past 60,000 years.	1
By Wednesday, the Red Planet will come as near to Earth as it has been in 60,000 years.	By Wednesday, the Red Planet will come as close to Earth as it has been for 60,000 years.	1
By Wednesday, the Red Planet will come as near to Earth as it has been in 60,000 years.	By Wednesday, the Red Planet is coming as close as it has been in 60,000 years.	1
By Wednesday, the Red Planet will come as near to Earth as it has been in 60,000 years.	By Wednesday, the Red Planet will come as close to Earth as it has been in 60,000 years.	1
By Wednesday, the Red Planet will come as near to Earth as it has been in 60,000 years.	By Wednesday, the Red Planet will come as near to Earth as it has in 60,000 years.	1
Microsoft will seek to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool, Visual Studio.Net.	Microsoft is going to attempt to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool, Visual Studio.Net.	1
Microsoft will seek to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool, Visual Studio.Net.	Microsoft plans to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool, Visual Studio.Net.	1
Microsoft will seek to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool, Visual Studio.Net.	Microsoft will seek to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship developer tool, Visual Studio.Net.	1
Microsoft will seek to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool, Visual Studio.Net.	Will Microsoft try to simplify creation of BizTalk application by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool, Visual Studio.Net?	1
The 12-nation currency has risen by 33 percent against the dollar over the past 15 months.	In the past 15 months, the 12-nation currency has been up 33 percent against the dollar.	1
I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening.	I was surprised it turned out I was talking and the president just listening.	1
I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening.	I was surprised it turned out it turned out me talking and the president just listening.	1
I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening.	I was surprised it turned out I was just talking and the President just listening.	1
I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening.	I was surprised it turned out I was talking, and the President just listening.	1
I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening.	I was surprised it turned out I was talking and the President just listening.	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	Before the explosion, wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	Before the explosion, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	Before the explosion, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked them to help him remove the bomb.	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	Before the bomb went off, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank. He asked police to help him remove the bomb.	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	Before the explosion, Wells told police he had been forced to rob a bank and asked them to help him remove the bomb.	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	Before the explosion, Wells told police he had been forced to rob a bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked them to help him remove the bomb.	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob a bank and asked them to help him remove the bomb.	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	Before the bomb went off, Wells told police he had been forced to rob a bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	1
"Our party will never be the choice of the NRA - and I am not looking to be the candidate of the NRA," he said.	"Our party will never be the choice of the NRA - and I am not looking to be the candidate of the NRA."	1
"Our party will never be the choice of the NRA - and I am not looking to be the candidate of the NRA," he said.	Our party will never be the choice of the NRA and I am not looking to become the candidate of the NRA," he said.	1
"Our party will never be the choice of the NRA - and I am not looking to be the candidate of the NRA," he said.	Our party will never be the choice of the NRA - and I am not looking to be the candidate of the NRA," he said.	1
Since last April, scientists have learned how acrylamide is formed.	Since last April, scientists have learnt how acrylamide is formed.	1
One of the company's employees was hospitalized in critical condition at Lee Memorial Hospital in Fort Myers, said hospital administrative assistant Alex Reichert.	One of the company's employees has been hospitalized in critical condition at Lee Memorial Hospital in Fort Myers, said hospital administrative assistant Alex Reichert.	1
One of the company's employees was hospitalized in critical condition at Lee Memorial Hospital in Fort Myers, said hospital administrative assistant Alex Reichert.	One of the company's employees is hospitalized in critical condition at Lee Memorial Hospital in Fort Myers, said hospital administrative assistant Alex Reichert.	1
The state's House delegation currently consists of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.	Currently the state's House delegation comprises of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.	1
The state's House delegation currently consists of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.	House Democrats: The state's House delegation currently consists of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.	1
Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Stocks in Berkeley-based Xoma fell 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma dropped 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma fell 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of Xoma, a Berkeley company, lost 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Stocks in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Shares in Berkeley-based Xoma lost 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Stocks in the Berkeley-based Xoma group lost 77 cents, or 14 percent, to close at $4.72 each in trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
"We need the somebody who notices them to come forward," he told a news conference to introduce his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson.	We need the somebody who notices them to come forward," he said at a news conference to introduce his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson.	1
"We need the somebody who notices them to come forward," he told a news conference to introduce his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson.	We need somebody who notices them to come forward," he told a news conference to introduce his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson.	1
"We need the somebody who notices them to come forward," he told a news conference to introduce his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson.	"We need the somebody who notices them to come forward," he told a news conference to introduce his successor, bgg Gen. Mastin M. Robeson.	1
"We need the somebody who notices them to come forward," he told a news conference to introduce his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson.	"We need somebody who notices them to come forward," he told a news conference to introduce his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson.	1
"We need the somebody who notices them to come forward," he told a news conference to introduce his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson.	"We need the somebody who notices them to come forward," he said. "We need the somebody who notices them to come forward" he told a news conference to introduce his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson.	1
Under the adjusted definition, officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.	According to the adjusted definition, officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.	1
Under the adjusted definition, officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.	In the revised definition, officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.	1
Under the adjusted definition, officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.	Under the adjusted definition, officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.	1
Under the adjusted definition, officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.	In the revised definition of SARS, officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.	1
Under the adjusted definition, officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.	Under the adjusted definition, officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.	1
Under the adjusted definition, officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.	Under the amended definition, officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.	1
Under the adjusted definition, officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.	Under the revised definition, officials Thursday listed 29 cases as suspected and said that 107 other people showing possible SARS symptoms were being monitored.	1
"The numbers are starting to change very, very quickly," Dr. Julie Gerberding, the CDC's director, told a news briefing Thursday.	"The numbers are starting to change very, very quickly," Dr. Julie Gerberding, the CDC's director, said in a news briefing Thursday.	1
"The numbers are starting to change very, very quickly," Dr. Julie Gerberding, the CDC's director, told a news briefing Thursday.	"The numbers are beginning to change very, very quickly," Dr. Julie Gerberding, the CDC's director, told a news briefing Thursday.	1
"The numbers are starting to change very, very quickly," Dr. Julie Gerberding, the CDC's director, told a news briefing Thursday.	The numbers are starting to change very, very quickly," Dr. Julie Gerberding, the CDC's director, told a news briefing Thursday.	1
"The numbers are starting to change very, very quickly," Dr. Julie Gerberding, the CDC's director, told a news briefing Thursday.	The numbers are starting to change very, very quickly," Dr. Julie Gerberding, the CDC's director, said in a news briefing Thursday.	1
"The numbers are starting to change very, very quickly," Dr. Julie Gerberding, the CDC's director, told a news briefing Thursday.	"The numbers are starting to change very, very quickly," Dr. Julie Gerberding, the CDC's director, said at a news briefing Thursday.	1
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.	Mr Howard said he had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.	1
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.	David Howard said he had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.	1
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.	Mr Howard said he had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried under.	1
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.	Mr. Howard said he had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.	1
Mr Howard said he also had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.	Howard said he had faith in the system under which Hicks could be tried.	1
Freddie also said Leland C. Brendsel will retire as chairman and chief executive and resign from the board.	Freddie said Leland C. Brendsel will retire as chairman and chief executive and resign from the board.	1
Freddie also said Leland C. Brendsel will retire as chairman and chief executive and resign from the board.	Freddie said Leland C. Brendsel would retire as chairman and chief executive and resign from the board.	1
Freddie also said Leland C. Brendsel will retire as chairman and chief executive and resign from the board.	Freddie also announced Leland C. Brendsel will retire as chairman and chief executive and resign from the board.	1
Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.	Progress Software will acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.	1
Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.	Progress Software plans to acquire private held dataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.	1
Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.	Progress Software announced it plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.	1
Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.	Progress Software plans to buy private held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.	1
Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.	Progress Software plans to acquire private-held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.	1
Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.	Progress Software plans to buy privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.	1
Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.	Progress Software said it plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash. The companies said Friday that they would consider the acquisition.	1
Altria shares fell $1.17 to $42.51 and were the Dow's biggest percent loser.	Shares of Altria fell $1.17 to $42.51 and were the Dow's biggest percent loser.	1
Altria shares fell $1.17 to $42.51 and were the Dow's biggest percent loser.	The shares of Altria fell $1.17 to $42.51 and were the Dow's biggest percent loser.	1
Hurricane warnings were posted Friday along parts of the lower Texas coast as Tropical Storm Erika sped across the Gulf of Mexico and headed for landfall.	Hurricane warnings were posted Friday along parts of the lower Texas coast as Tropical Storm Erika passed through the Gulf of Mexico and headed towards landfall.	1
Hurricane warnings were posted Friday along parts of the lower Texas coast as Tropical Storm Erika sped across the Gulf of Mexico and headed for landfall.	Hurricane warnings were posted Friday along parts of the lower Texas coast as Tropical Storm Erika sped across the Gulf of Mexico and headed toward landfall.	1
Hurricane warnings were posted Friday along parts of the lower Texas coast as Tropical Storm Erika sped across the Gulf of Mexico and headed for landfall.	Hurricane warnings were posted Friday along the lower Texas coast as Tropical Storm Erika sped across the Gulf of Mexico and headed towards landfall.	1
Hurricane warnings were posted Friday along parts of the lower Texas coast as Tropical Storm Erika sped across the Gulf of Mexico and headed for landfall.	Hurricane warnings were posted Friday along parts of the lower Texas coast as Tropical Storm Erika sped across the Gulf of Mexico and headed towards landfall.	1
Hurricane warnings were posted Friday along parts of the lower Texas coast as Tropical Storm Erika sped across the Gulf of Mexico and headed for landfall.	Hurricane warnings were posted along parts of the lower Texas coast as Tropical Storm Erika sped across the Gulf of Mexico and headed toward landfall Friday.	1
Dos Reis also pleaded guilty to federal charges that he crossed state lines to have sex with Christina and another girl on a different occasion.	Dos Reis also pleaded guilty to federal charges that he crossed state lines to have sex with Christina, another girl on a different occasion.	1
Dos Reis also pleaded guilty to federal charges that he crossed state lines to have sex with Christina and another girl on a different occasion.	Dos Reis pleaded guilty to federal charges that he crossed state lines to have sex with Christina and another girl on a different occasion.	1
Dos Reis also pleaded guilty to federal charges that he crossed state lines to have sex with Christina and another girl on a different occasion.	Dos Reis pleaded guilty to having sex with Christina. Dos Reis also pleaded guilty to federal charges that he crossed state lines to have sex with another girl on a different occasion.	1
As previously announced, the final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	As previously announced, the final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12. As previously announced, the final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	1
The Java Enterprise System bundles a slew of Sun software for a yearly subscription of $100 per employee.	Java Enterprise System bundles a slew of Sun software for a yearly subscription of $100 per employee.	1
The Java Enterprise System bundles a slew of Sun software for a yearly subscription of $100 per employee.	The Java Enterprise System bundles Sun software for a yearly subscription of $100 per employee.	1
The Java Enterprise System bundles a slew of Sun software for a yearly subscription of $100 per employee.	Sun Software: The Java Enterprise System bundles a slew of Sun software for a yearly subscription of $100 per employee.	1
The memorandum analyzed lawful activities, such as recruiting demonstrators, and illegal activities, such as using fake documentation to get into a secured site.	The memorandum analysed legal activities, such as recruiting demonstrators, and illegal activities, such as using fake documentation to get in a secure site.	1
The memorandum analyzed lawful activities, such as recruiting demonstrators, and illegal activities, such as using fake documentation to get into a secured site.	The memorandum analyzed lawful activities, such as recruiting demonstrators, and illegal activities, such as using fake documentation to get into a secure site.	1
The memorandum analyzed lawful activities, such as recruiting demonstrators, and illegal activities, such as using fake documentation to get into a secured site.	The memorandum analyzed legal activities, such as recruiting demonstrators, and illegal activities, such as using fake documentation to get into a secured site.	1
Even when the exchange detected violations, it often failed to take disciplinary action, the SEC said.	Even when the exchange detected violations, it often failed to take disciplinary action, SEC said.	1
Even when the exchange detected violations, it often failed to take disciplinary action, the SEC said.	Even though the exchange detected violations, it often failed to take disciplinary action, the SEC said.	1
Even when the exchange detected violations, it often failed to take disciplinary action, the SEC said.	Even if the exchange detected violations, it often failed to take disciplinary action, the SEC said.	1
Even when the exchange detected violations, it often failed to take disciplinary action, the SEC said.	Even when the exchange detected violations, it often failed to take disciplinary action, said the SEC.	1
United said the new airline will expand next year to 40 Airbus A320 jets, each seating 156 passengers.	United said that the new airline will expand next year to 40 Airbus A320 jets, each seating 156 passengers.	1
United said the new airline will expand next year to 40 Airbus A320 jets, each seating 156 passengers.	United announced the new airline will expand next year to 40 Airbus A320 jets, each seating 156 passengers.	1
United said the new airline will expand next year to 40 Airbus A320 jets, each seating 156 passengers.	United Airlines said the new airline will expand next year to 40 Airbus A320 jets, each seating 156 passengers.	1
United said the new airline will expand next year to 40 Airbus A320 jets, each seating 156 passengers.	United says its new airline will expand next year to 40 Airbus A320 jets, each seating 156 passengers.	1
Now they are waiting to see if Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan will try and repair the damage in his testimony to the House next week.	Now they are waiting to see if Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan will try and repair the damage in his testimony before the House next week.	1
Now they are waiting to see if Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan will try and repair the damage in his testimony to the House next week.	Now they are waiting to see if Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan will try to repair the damage in his testimony to the house next week.	1
Medical investigators matched the body's teeth to Aronov's dental records this morning, medical examiner's spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said.	The body's teeth were matched to Aronov's dental records this morning, medical investigator's spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said.	1
Medical investigators matched the body's teeth to Aronov's dental records this morning, medical examiner's spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said.	Medical investigators matched the body's teeth to Aronov's dental records today morning, medical examiner's spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said.	1
Medical investigators matched the body's teeth to Aronov's dental records this morning, medical examiner's spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said.	This morning, medical investigators matched the body's teeth to Aronov's dental records, medical examiner's spokeswoman Ellen Borakove said.	1
Joe Nichols captured new male vocalist honors, riding back-to-back hits "The Impossible" and "Brokenheartedsville."	Joe Nichols captured new male vocalist honors, riding back-to-back hits "The Impossible" and "Brokenheartedsville"	1
They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared with 5.1 percent taking a placebo.	In the study, they found that 6.4 percent of the men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared with 5.1 percent taking a placebo.	1
They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared with 5.1 percent taking a placebo.	6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared to 5.1 percent taking a placebo.	1
They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared with 5.1 percent taking a placebo.	6.4 percent of men taking finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared with 5.1 percent taking a placebo.	1
They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared with 5.1 percent taking a placebo.	In the study, they found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared with 5.1 percent taking a placebo.	1
The compilers are available in two flavors: the Intel C++ Compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C++ retails for USD$399 and is intended for application development use.	The Intel C++ Compiler comes in two flavors. The Intel C++ Compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C++ retails for USD$399 and is intended for applications development use.	1
The compilers are available in two flavors: the Intel C++ Compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C++ retails for USD$399 and is intended for application development use.	The compiler is released in two flavors: the Intel C++ compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C++ retails for USD$399 and is intended for application development use.	1
The compilers are available in two flavors: the Intel C++ Compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C++ retails for USD$399 and is intended for application development use.	The compilers come in two flavors: the Intel C++ compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C++ retails for USD$399 and is intended for application development.	1
Thousands of pounds of fireworks inside the warehouse and packed in the tractor-trailer rig exploded, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said.	Thousands of pounds of fireworks inside the warehouse and packed in the tractor trailer rig exploded, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said.	1
BA shares were up 0.59 percent at 170 pence in early afternoon trading, slightly outpacing London's FTSE 100 Index which was up 0.28 percent.	BA shares were up 0.59 percent at 170 pence in early afternoon trading, slightly outpacing the London's FTSE 100 Index which was up 0.28 percent.	1
BA shares were up 0.59 percent at 170 pence in early afternoon trading, slightly outpacing London's FTSE 100 Index which was up 0.28 percent.	The BA shares were up 0.59 percent at 170 pence in early afternoon trading, slightly outpacing London's FTSE 100 Index which was up 0.28 percent.	1
BA shares were up 0.59 percent at 170 pence in early afternoon trading, slightly outpacing London's FTSE 100 Index which was up 0.28 percent.	BA shares were up 0.59 percent at 170 pence in early afternoon trading, slightly outpacing the London FTSE 100 Index which was up 0.28 percent.	1
BA shares were up 0.59 percent at 170 pence in early afternoon trading, slightly outpacing London's FTSE 100 Index which was up 0.28 percent.	BA shares were up 0.59 percent at 170 pence in early afternoon trading, slightly outpacing the London's FTSE 100 index which was up 0.28 percent.	1
Martha Stewart shares fell $2.03, about 18 percent, to $9.17 and were the NYSE's biggest percentage loser.	Martha Stewart's shares fell $2.03, about 18 percent, to $9.17 and were the NYSE's biggest percentage loser.	1
Martha Stewart shares fell $2.03, about 18 percent, to $9.17 and were the NYSE's biggest percentage loser.	Martha Stewart shares fell 2.03, about 18 percent, to $9.17 and were the NYSE's biggest percentage loser.	1
By late Thursday afternoon, Putnam said the U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York had subpoenaed its trading documents, raising the possibility of a criminal indictment.	By late Thursday afternoon Putnam said the U.S. Attorney in the Southern District of New York had subpoenaed its trading documents, raising the possibility of a criminal indictment.	1
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.	"The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data."	1
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.	This represents more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.	1
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.	These share represents more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.	1
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.	SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.	1
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.	SuSE will license Java 2 standard Edition and formalise agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.	1
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.	SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java virtual machine for running Java applications.	1
In turn SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.	In turn, SuSE will license Java 2 Standard Edition while also formalising an existing agreement to distribute Sun's Java Virtual Machine for running Java applications.	1
We'll be listening carefully to the [IAEA] director general's report at the next board meeting.	I'll be listening closely to the [IAEA] director general's report at the next board meeting.	1
We'll be listening carefully to the [IAEA] director general's report at the next board meeting.	I'll be listening carefully to the [IAEA] director general's report at the next board meeting.	1
We'll be listening carefully to the [IAEA] director general's report at the next board meeting.	I will be listening carefully to the [IAEA] director general's report] on the next board meeting.	1
Mr. Rush is the only witness to the events in the pilothouse who has spoken to investigators.	Mr. Rush is the only witness to the events in the pilothouse that has spoken to investigators.	1
Mr. Rush is the only witness to the events in the pilothouse who has spoken to investigators.	Mr. Rush is the only witness in the pilothouse who spoke to investigators.	1
"With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate, marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising," said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart.	"With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate, marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising", said IAB president and CEO Greg Stuart.	1
"With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate, marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising," said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart.	As internet usage and broadband adoption continue to escalate, marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising," said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart.	1
"With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate, marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising," said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart.	With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate, marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising," said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart.	1
"With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate, marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising," said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart.	With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate, marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising, said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart.	1
Rescue and search operation had been going on since the tragedy happened on Thursday night, Manali Sub-Divisional Magistrate Raj Kumar Gautam told Times News Network.	"The search and rescue operation has been going on since the tragedy happened on Thursday night," Manali Sub-Divisional Magistrate Raj Kumar Gautam told Times News Network.	1
Fidelity Investments, the nation's largest mutual-fund company, said it received a subpoena from New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer's office regarding its investigation to potential fund-trading abuses.	Fidelity Investments, the nation's largest mutual fund company, said it received a subpoena from New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer's office regarding its investigation to potential fund-trading abuses.	1
"Tony's not feeling well," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.	"Tony is not feeling well," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.	1
"Tony's not feeling well," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.	Tony's not feeling very well, Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.	1
"Tony's not feeling well," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.	"Tony is not feeling well" Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.	1
"Tony's not feeling well," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.	"Tony is not feeling well," said Spurs boss Gregg Popovich.	1
"Tony's not feeling well," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.	"Tony is not feeling good," said Spurs coach Gregg Popovich.	1
"Tony's not feeling well," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.	"Tony is not feeling well", said Spurs coach Gregg Popovich.	1
"Tony's not feeling well," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.	Tony is not feeling well, says Spurs boss Gregg Popovich.	1
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	Both new phones run on 5.2 of Palm operating system and feature new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	1
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	Both phone use the Palm operating system version 5.2 and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	1
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	Both phones use the version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a mini notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	1
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	Both devices are based on version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that rotates around 180 degrees.	1
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	Both models use Palm version 5.2 operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that rotates around 180 degrees.	1
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a mini notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	1
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	Both devices are running the version 5.2 of Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that rotates around 180 degrees.	1
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	Both mobiles use version 5.2 of Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	1
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	Both models use Palm 5.2 operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	1
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	Both use version 5.2 of Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	1
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	Both devices are running the 5.2 Palm operating system. The new design resembles a mini notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	1
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	Both devices use version 5.2 of Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	1
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".	General Myers told reporters that at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken.	1
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".	General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken."	1
General Myers told reporters that "at first blush, it doesn't look like any rules were broken".	General Myers told reporters that "at first blush it doesn't look like any rules were broken".	1
Trading volume was incredibly light at 500.22 million shares, below an already thin 611.45 million exchanged at the same point Thursday.	Trading volume was incredibly light at 500.22 million shares, below an already thin 611.45 million exchanged on Thursday.	1
Trading volume was incredibly light at 500.22 million shares, below an already thin 611.45 million exchanged at the same point Thursday.	Trading volume was extremely light at 500.22 million shares, below an already thin 611.45 million exchanged at the same point Thursday.	1
Trading volume was incredibly light at 500.22 million shares, below an already thin 611.45 million exchanged at the same point Thursday.	Trading volume was incredibly light at 500.22 million shares, below an already thin 611.45 million exchanged on the same point Thursday.	1
Trading volume was incredibly light at 500.22 million shares, below an already thin 611.45 million exchanged at the same point Thursday.	Trading volume was very light at 500.22 million shares, below an already thin 611.45 million exchanged at the same point Thursday.	1
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.	In that position Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.	1
But with the PM due to leave tomorrow afternoon for personal reasons there was a risk he might not be present when the final decision was made.	But with the PM due to leave tomorrow afternoon for personal reasons there was a risk he might not be present at the final decision was made.	1
But with the PM due to leave tomorrow afternoon for personal reasons there was a risk he might not be present when the final decision was made.	With the PM due tomorrow afternoon for personal reasons there was a risk that he might not be present when the final decision was made.	1
He led Philippine police to a tonne of TNT that officials say was intended for planned attacks in Singapore on Western targets, including US and Australian diplomatic posts.	He led Philippine police to the tonne of TNT that officials say was intended for planned attacks in Singapore on western targets, including US and Australian diplomatic posts.	1
He led Philippine police to a tonne of TNT that officials say was intended for planned attacks in Singapore on Western targets, including US and Australian diplomatic posts.	He led Philippine police to a tonne of TNT that officials say was intended for planned attacks in Singapore on Western targets including US and Australian diplomatic posts.	1
He led Philippine police to a tonne of TNT that officials say was intended for planned attacks in Singapore on Western targets, including US and Australian diplomatic posts.	He led Filipino police to a tonne of TNT that officials say was intended for planned attacks in Singapore on Western targets, including US and Australian diplomatic posts.	1
They did not nationalize them," Manouchehr Takin, an analyst at the Center for Global Energy Studies in London, said.	They didn't nationalize them," Manouchehr Takin, an analyst at the Center for Global Energy Studies in London, said.	1
They did not nationalize them," Manouchehr Takin, an analyst at the Center for Global Energy Studies in London, said.	"They did not nationalize them," Manouchehr Takin, an analyst at the Center for Global Energy Studies in London, said.	1
They did not nationalize them," Manouchehr Takin, an analyst at the Center for Global Energy Studies in London, said.	"They didn't nationalize them," Manouchehr Takin, an analyst at the Center for Global Energy Studies in London, said.	1
Since both companies described the talks as exclusive, it's likely the two signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn't talk to other suitors for a certain period of time.	If both companies described the talks as exclusive, it's likely the two signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn't talk to other suitors for a certain period of time.	1
Since both companies described the talks as exclusive, it's likely the two signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn't talk to other suitors for a certain period of time.	Given that both companies described the talks as exclusive, it's likely the two signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn't talk to other suitors for a certain period of time.	1
Since both companies described the talks as exclusive, it's likely the two signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn't talk to other suitors for a certain period of time.	The two companies describe the talks as exclusive, it's likely the two signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn't talk to other suitors for a certain period of time.	1
Since both companies described the talks as exclusive, it's likely the two signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn't talk to other suitors for a certain period of time.	Both companies described the talks as exclusive, it's likely the two signed an agreement saying Dynegy wouldn't talk to other suitors for a certain period of time.	1
The Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa opened its doors a day early.	The Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa was opened a day early.	1
The Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa opened its doors a day early.	The Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa opened its doors a day earlier.	1
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.	BioReliance's shares closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.	1
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.	BioReliance’s stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at 47.98 per share.	1
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.	BioReliance shares closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.	1
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.	BioReliance stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.	1
BioReliance's stock closed down 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.	BioReliance stock closed 2 cents yesterday at $47.98 per share.	1
In 2001, Evan helped found an after-school nonviolence program named after a college student shot and killed by a teen gang member, said Alexis Lukas, the program supervisor.	In 2001, Evan helped found an after school nonviolence program named after a college student shot and killed by a teen gang member, said Alexis Lukas, the program supervisor.	1
In 2001, Evan helped found an after-school nonviolence program named after a college student shot and killed by a teen gang member, said Alexis Lukas, the program supervisor.	In 2001, Evan helped find an after-school nonviolence program named after a college student shot and killed by a teen gang member, said Alexis Lukas, the program supervisor.	1
In 2001, Evan helped found an after-school nonviolence program named after a college student shot and killed by a teen gang member, said Alexis Lukas, the program supervisor.	In 2001, Evan helped find an after school nonviolence program named after a college student shot and killed by a teen gang member, said Alexis Lukas, the program supervisor.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.	Standard & Poor's 500 ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.	1
The draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements".	The draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements".	1
The draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements".	The draft statement said progress on nuclear issue and pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements".	1
The draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements".	Draft statement said progress on nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements".	1
The draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements".	In the draft statement, the draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements".	1
The draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements".	As in the nuclear issue, the draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements".	1
The draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements".	Besides the nuclear issue, the draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements".	1
The draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements".	Draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements".	1
The draft statement said progress on the nuclear issue and the pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements".	Draft statement said progress on nuclear issue and pending trade deal were "interdependent, indissociable and mutually reinforcing elements".	1
The S&P 500 finished 13.78 points higher at 930.08, or 1.5 per cent, the highest level since January 14.	S&P 500 finished 13.78 points higher at 930.08, or 1.5 per cent, the highest level since January 14.	1
The S&P 500 finished 13.78 points higher at 930.08, or 1.5 per cent, the highest level since January 14.	The S&P 500 ended 13.78 points higher at 930.08, or 1.5 per cent, the highest level since January 14.	1
The S&P 500 finished 13.78 points higher at 930.08, or 1.5 per cent, the highest level since January 14.	S&P 500 ended 13.78 points higher at 930.08, or 1.5 per cent, the highest level since January 14.	1
The Qantas colleagues were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital.	Qantas' crew were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital.	1
The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.	The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the beginning of 2004.	1
But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.	IDC analyst John McArthur: But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters.	1
The previous weekend record for an R-rated film was $58 million for "Hannibal."	For an R-rated film, the previous weekend record was $58 million for "Hannibal".	1
The previous weekend record for an R-rated film was $58 million for "Hannibal."	The previous weekend record for an R-rated film was $58 million for "Hannibal"	1
The previous weekend record for an R-rated film was $58 million for "Hannibal."	For an R-rated film the previous weekend record was $58 million for "Hannibal."	1
The previous weekend record for an R-rated film was $58 million for "Hannibal."	What was the previous weekend record for an R-rated film was $58 million for "Hannibal."	1
The previous weekend record for an R-rated film was $58 million for "Hannibal."	The previous weekend record for an R-rated film was $58 million for "Hannibal".	1
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.	A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, from the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.	1
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.	A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance came in second with 31 percent of the vote.	1
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.	An independent radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.	1
Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler in 1995, but did win representation on its board.	In 1995, Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler. Mr. Kerkorian helped to win representation on its board.	1
Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler in 1995, but did win representation on its board.	Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler in 1995, but won representation on its board.	1
Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler in 1995, but did win representation on its board.	In 1995, Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler but won representation on its board.	1
Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler in 1995, but did win representation on its board.	Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler in 1995, but did get representation on its board.	1
Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler in 1995, but did win representation on its board.	When Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler in 1995, he won representation on its board.	1
The 2002 second quarter results don't include figures from our friends at Compaq.	2002 second quarter results don't include figures from our friends at Compaq.	1
The 2002 second quarter results don't include figures from our friends at Compaq.	In 2002, the second quarter results don't include figures from our friends at Compaq.	1
The 2002 second quarter results don't include figures from our friends at Compaq.	That means that the second quarter 2002 results don't include the figures from our friends at Compaq.	1
A nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.	The national known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.	1
A nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.	One nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.	1
A nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.	On a sealed complaint, a national known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.	1
A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	1
A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	A man, Antowain Johnson, 19, tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	1
A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	A man, Antowain Johnson, 19, tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him'' she said.	1
A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, tried to go back and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	1
A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him'' she said.	1
A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	A man, Antowain Johnson, 19, tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him'', she said.	1
A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	A man, Antowain Johnson, 19-year-old, tried to go back and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	1
A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	A man, Antowain Johnson, 19, 'tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	1
A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, tried to go back and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him'' she said.	1
A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	A man, Antowain Johnson, 19-year-old, tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him'', she said.	1
A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, tried to go back and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him'', she said.	1
A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	A man, Antowain Johnson, 19-year-old, tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	1
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.	The defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.	1
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.	The defense lawyers said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.	1
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."	WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng said: "It looks very much like an isolated event."	1
The stock has risen 44 cents in recent days.	Share has risen 44 cents in last few days.	1
The stock has risen 44 cents in recent days.	In recent days the stock has risen 44 cents.	1
Dowdell was transported to Boston Medical Center with nonlife-threatening injuries.	Dowdell was transported to Boston Medical Center with non-life-threatening injuries.	1
Dowdell was transported to Boston Medical Center with nonlife-threatening injuries.	Doddell was transported to Boston Medical Center with nonlife-threatening injuries.	1
Dowdell was transported to Boston Medical Center with nonlife-threatening injuries.	Daniel Dowdell was transported to Boston Medical Center with nonlife-threatening injuries.	1
Dowdell was transported to Boston Medical Center with nonlife-threatening injuries.	Dodd was transported to Boston Medical Center with nonlife-threatening injuries.	1
Dowdell was transported to Boston Medical Center with nonlife-threatening injuries.	Doddsel was transported to Boston Medical Center with nonlife-threatening injuries.	1
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.	John Bankhead, GBI spokesman said the murder scene showed that the killer was very methodical.	1
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.	John Bankhead: GBI spokesman said the killing scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.	1
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.	GBI spokesman John Bankhead said that the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.	1
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.	John Bankhead, spokesperson of GBI said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.	1
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.	John Bankhead, GBI spokesman, said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.	1
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.	John Bankhead, the GBI spokesman, said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.	1
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.	John Bankhead, spokesman of GBI, said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.	1
GBI spokesman John Bankhead said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.	John Bankhead of the GBI said the murder scenes showed that the killer was very methodical.	1
Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., sent a letter to President Bush Wednesday demanding action on the legislation.	Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., sent a letter to President Bush Wednesday demanding action on the bill.	1
Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., sent a letter to President Bush Wednesday demanding action on the legislation.	Senator Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., sent a letter to President Bush Wednesday demanding action on the legislation.	1
Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., sent a letter to President Bush Wednesday demanding action on the legislation.	Senator Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., wrote a letter to President Bush on Wednesday demanding action on the legislation.	1
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.	Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.	1
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.	A spokesman for the Archdiocese, The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, wouldn't comment Friday.	1
They looked at their son-in-law and his relatives, but did not exchange words.	They looked at their son-in-law and his relatives but did not exchange words.	1
The woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police, and around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested.	The woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police, and about 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested.	1
The woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police, and around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested.	The woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police. Around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested.	1
The woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police, and around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested.	This woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police, and at around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested.	1
The woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police, and around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested.	She felt threatened and reported the incident to police, and around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested.	1
The woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police, and around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested.	She felt threatened and reported the incident to police. Around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested.	1
The woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police, and around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested.	She felt threatened, and she reported the incident to police. Around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested.	1
The woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police, and around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested.	She felt threatened, reported the incident to police, and around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested.	1
The woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police, and around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested.	A woman felt threatened, reported the incident to police, and around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested.	1
The woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police, and around 2:30 p.m. Stackhouse was arrested.	Stackhouse was arrested around 2:30 p.m. The woman felt threatened and reported the incident to police.	1
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.	Claudette was the first hurricane of the Atlantic hurricane season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.	1
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.	Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic hurricane season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.	1
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.	The first hurricane of the Atlantic hurricane season, Claudette, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.	1
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.	Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph winds.	1
Two brothers who were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists have decided to plead guilty to conspiring to aid al-Qaida and the Taliban, officials said Wednesday.	Two brothers who were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists have decided to plead guilty to conspiracy to aid Al-Qaida and the Taliban, officials said Wednesday.	1
Two brothers who were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists have decided to plead guilty to conspiring to aid al-Qaida and the Taliban, officials said Wednesday.	Two brothers who were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists now plead guilty to conspiracy to aid al-Qaida and the Taliban, officials said Wednesday.	1
Two brothers who were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists have decided to plead guilty to conspiring to aid al-Qaida and the Taliban, officials said Wednesday.	Two brothers were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists. They have decided to plead guilty to conspiring to aid al-Qaida and the Taliban, officials said Wednesday.	1
Two brothers who were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists have decided to plead guilty to conspiring to aid al-Qaida and the Taliban, officials said Wednesday.	Two brothers, who were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists, have pleaded guilty to conspiring to aid al-Qaida and the Taliban, officials said Wednesday.	1
Two brothers who were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists have decided to plead guilty to conspiring to aid al-Qaida and the Taliban, officials said Wednesday.	Two brothers, who were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists, have decided to plead guilty to conspiring to aid al-Qaida and the Taliban, officials said Wednesday.	1
Two brothers who were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists have decided to plead guilty to conspiring to aid al-Qaida and the Taliban, officials said Wednesday.	Two brothers were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists have decided to plead guilty to conspiring to aid Al-Qaida and the Taliban, officials said Wednesday.	1
Two brothers who were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists have decided to plead guilty to conspiring to aid al-Qaida and the Taliban, officials said Wednesday.	Two brothers, who were among seven Portland suspects accused of aiding terrorists, have decided to plead guilty to conspiring to aid Al-Qaida and the Taliban, officials said Wednesday.	1
Media giant Vivendi Universal EAUG.PA V.N set to work sifting through bids for its U.S. entertainment empire on Monday in a multibillion-dollar auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.	Media giant Vivendi Universal EAUG.PA V.N is set to work sifting through bids for its U.S. entertainment empire on Monday in a multibillion-dollar auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.	1
Media giant Vivendi Universal EAUG.PA V.N set to work sifting through bids for its U.S. entertainment empire on Monday in a multibillion-dollar auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.	The media giant Vivendi Universal EAUG.PA V.N set to work sifting through bids for its U.S. entertainment empire on Monday in a multibillion-dollar auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.	1
Like Viacom, GE -- parent of NBC -- is also seen as a less enthusiastic bidder compared to the likes of Bronfman or Davis.	Similar to Viacom, GE -- parent of NBC -- is also seen as a less enthusiastic bidder compared to the likes of Bronfman or Davis.	1
Like Viacom, GE -- parent of NBC -- is also seen as a less enthusiastic bidder compared to the likes of Bronfman or Davis.	With Viacom, GE -- parent of NBC -- is also seen as a less enthusiastic bidder compared to the likes of Bronfman or Davis.	1
He was revived but was pronounced dead at Virginia Medical Center in Arlington.	He was revived but was pronounced dead at Virginia Medical Center in Arlington, Virginia.	1
He was revived but was pronounced dead at Virginia Medical Center in Arlington.	He was revived and pronounced dead at Virginia Medical Center in Arlington, VA.	1
He was revived but was pronounced dead at Virginia Medical Center in Arlington.	He was revived but pronounced dead at Virginia Medical Center in Arlington.	1
Scruggs, who did not testify, was cleared of a second charge of failing to provide her son with proper medical and psychological care.	Then scraggs, who didn't testify, was cleared of a second charge of failing to provide her son with proper medical and psychological care.	1
The rebels suspended peace talks with the government April 21 citing a lack of progress.	The rebels had suspended peace talks with the government April 21 citing a lack of progress.	1
The rebels suspended peace talks with the government April 21 citing a lack of progress.	The rebels suspend peace talks with the government April 21 citing a lack of progress.	1
The rebels suspended peace talks with the government April 21 citing a lack of progress.	The rebels suspended peace talks with the government on April 21 citing a lack of progress.	1
"The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week.	"The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News last week.	1
"The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week.	"The timing of [the] miniseries is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week.	1
"The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week.	"The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said on Fox News Channel last week.	1
"The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week.	The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week.	1
"The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week.	The timing of the miniseries is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week.	1
"The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week.	The timing of the miniseries is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News last week.	1
"The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week.	"The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said last week in a statement to Fox News Channel.	1
"The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week.	"The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me," said Nancy Reagan in a statement to Fox News Channel last week.	1
"The timing of [the miniseries] is absolutely staggering to me," Nancy Reagan said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week.	Nancy Reagan said that the timing of the miniseries was absolutely staggering to me. "The timing of the miniseries is absolutely staggering to me," she said in a statement to Fox News Channel last week.	1
As you know, East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past."	As you know, East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past..	1
As you know, East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past."	As you know, East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past.	1
As you know, East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past."	As you know, East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past. "	1
As you know, East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past."	As you know, East Africa has been an area of terror threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past"	1
As you know, East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past."	As you know, East Africa is an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past.	1
As you know, East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past."	"East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past. "	1
As you know, East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past."	"East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past. As you know, East Africa is an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past."	1
People who have this disorder absorb excessive amounts of iron which can lead to organ damage.	People with this disorder absorb excessive amounts of iron which can lead to organ damage.	1
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	While deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles' popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	1
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far reaching any other Western rock music.	1
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	While deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	1
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles' popularity knew no bounds and far reach any other Western rock music.	1
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	Despite deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	1
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	Though deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles' popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	1
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	Despite deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far reaching any other Western rock music.	1
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	However, although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles' popularity knew no bounds and far reaching any other Western rock music.	1
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles' popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	1
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	While deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles' popularity knew no bounds and far exceeded any other Western rock music.	1
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	While the Beatles were deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, their popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	1
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far reached any other Western rock music.	1
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	Despite being deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles' popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	1
Mr. Berg says in an advertisement for it, "More than my remembrances, this book intends to convey hers."	"More than my remembrances, this book intends to convey hers," Mr. Berg says in an advertisement for it.	1
Mr. Berg says in an advertisement for it, "More than my remembrances, this book intends to convey hers."	M. Berg says in an advertisement for it: "More than my remembrances, this book intends to convey hers."	1
Mr. Berg says in an advertisement for it, "More than my remembrances, this book intends to convey hers."	In an advertisement, Mr. Berg says, "More than my remembrances, this book intends to convey hers."	1
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.	Shares of Lending Tree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90, after hitting $21.36 earlier.	1
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.	Shares of lending tree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.	1
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.	Shares of Lending Tree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.	1
In their study, researchers tested the hearing of 479 men between 20 and 64 years old who were exposed to noise in their jobs.	Researchers tested the hearing of 479 men between 20 and 64 years old who were exposed to noise in their jobs.	1
In May 2002, Malikah Alkebulan and Deirdre Small filed a federal lawsuit in Brooklyn for more than $20 million in damages after the MTA objected to their headdresses.	In May 2002, Malikah Alkebulan and Deirdre Small filed a federal lawsuit in Brooklyn for more than $20 million in damages after the MTA objected to their headsdresses.	1
"We're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America," Levi Strauss Chief Executive Officer Phil Marineau said in a statement.	Levi Strauss: "We're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America," Levi Strauss Chief Executive Officer Phil Marineau said in a statement.	1
"We're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America," Levi Strauss Chief Executive Officer Phil Marineau said in a statement.	"Also we're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America," Levi Strauss CEO Phil Marineau said in a statement.	1
"We're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America," Levi Strauss Chief Executive Officer Phil Marineau said in a statement.	"We are in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America," Levi Strauss Chief Executive Officer Phil Marineau said in a statement. "	1
"We're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America," Levi Strauss Chief Executive Officer Phil Marineau said in a statement.	We're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America," Levi Strauss Chief Executive Officer Phil Marineau said in a statement.	1
In Nigeria alone, the report said, as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition.	In Nigeria alone, as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition, the report said.	1
In Nigeria alone, the report said, as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition.	In Nigeria alone, the report said as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition.	1
In Nigeria alone, the report said, as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition.	In Nigeria alone, as many as 1 million women could be living with the condition, the report said.	1
In Nigeria alone, the report said, as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition.	In Nigeria alone, according to the report, as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition.	1
In Nigeria alone, the report said, as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition.	In Nigeria alone, as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition, according to the report.	1
In Nigeria alone, the report said, as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition.	In Nigeria alone, a report said, as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition.	1
Global HRT sales, which are dominated by Wyeth of the US, were worth $3.8bn in 2001, according to Data- monitor, the London-based market research company.	Global HRT sales, which are dominate by Wyeth of the US, were worth $3.8bn in 2001, according to Data- monitor, the London-based market research company.	1
Global HRT sales, which are dominated by Wyeth of the US, were worth $3.8bn in 2001, according to Data- monitor, the London-based market research company.	Global HRT sales, which are dominated by Wyeth of the US, were worth $3.8bn in 2001 according to Data monitor, the London-based market research company.	1
Global HRT sales, which are dominated by Wyeth of the US, were worth $3.8bn in 2001, according to Data- monitor, the London-based market research company.	Global HRT sales, which are dominated by Wyeth of the US, were worth $3.8bn in 2001, according to Data monitor, the London-based market research company.	1
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.	And Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.	1
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.	Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of victims.	1
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	The migrants were spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	1
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Two small patrol boats were sent to the area and the migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday, Doss said.	1
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Doss said the migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area.	1
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Two small patrol boats were sent to the area after the migrants were spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday, Doss said.	1
"I don't want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," said Missouri Congressman Dick Gephardt.	"I don't want to be a candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," said Missouri Congressman Dick Gephardt.	1
"I don't want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," said Missouri Congressman Dick Gephardt.	"I don't want to be the candidate for guy with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," said Missouri congressman Dick Gephardt.	1
"I don't want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," said Missouri Congressman Dick Gephardt.	I don't want to be the candidate for guys with confederate flags in their pickup trucks. And I don't want to be the candidate for a guy with Confederate flags in his pickup trucks, said Missouri Congressman Dick Gephardt.	1
"I don't want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," said Missouri Congressman Dick Gephardt.	I don't want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," said Missouri Congressman Dick Gephardt.	1
"I don't want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," said Missouri Congressman Dick Gephardt.	I don't want to be the candidate for the guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," said Missouri Congressman Dick Gephardt.	1
"I don't want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," said Missouri Congressman Dick Gephardt.	I don't want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," said Missouri congressman Dick Gephardt.	1
"I don't want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," said Missouri Congressman Dick Gephardt.	I don't want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks, said Missouri Congressman Dick Gephardt.	1
Market research firm Dell'Oro Group estimates this market will total $12 billion in 2004.	Market Research Dell'Oro Group is forecasting this market will total $12 billion in 2004.	1
Market research firm Dell'Oro Group estimates this market will total $12 billion in 2004.	Market Research Dell'Oro Group estimates this market will total $12 billion in 2004.	1
Market research firm Dell'Oro Group estimates this market will total $12 billion in 2004.	The market research firm Dell'Oro Group estimates this market will total $12 billion in 2004.	1
Robbins said he wants to take any network like ESPN that charges more than $1 per Cox customer and make those optional choices for consumers to buy.	'Robbins wants to take any network like ESPN that charges more than $1 per Cox customer and make those optional choices for consumers to buy.'	1
Robbins said he wants to take any network like ESPN that charges more than $1 per Cox customer and make those optional choices for consumers to buy.	Robbins said that he wants to take any network like ESPN that charges more than $1 per Cox customer and make those optional choices for consumers to buy.	1
Robbins said he wants to take any network like ESPN that charges more than $1 per Cox customer and make those optional choices for consumers to buy.	Robbins says he wants to take any network like ESPN that charges more than $1 per Cox customer and make those optional choices for consumers to buy.	1
Fourteen of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.	Fourteen of the infected passengers sat within four seats of the patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.	1
Fourteen of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.	14 of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.	1
Fourteen of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.	Fourteen infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.	1
Fourteen of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.	Fourteen passengers infected with SARS sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.	1
Fourteen of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.	Fourteen of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.	1
Fourteen of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.	Fourteen of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's Global Coordinator for Anti-SARS efforts.	1
Fourteen of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.	Fourteen passengers infected with SARS sat within four seats of the patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.	1
Fourteen of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.	Two of those infected passengers were flight attendants, and 14 of those passengers sat within the four seats of the patient, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.	1
Fourteen of those infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.	14 of the infected passengers sat within four seats of the SARS patient and two were flight attendants, said Mike Ryan, WHO's global coordinator for anti-SARS efforts.	1
Shares of Berkeley, California-based Xoma dropped 89 cents, or 16 percent, to $4.60 in Instinet trading.	Shares of Berkeley, California-based Xoma fell 89 cents, or 16 percent, to $4.60 in Instinet trading.	1
It names Shelley, Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack, and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants.	In fact, it names Shelley, Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack, and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants.	1
It names Shelley, Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack, and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants.	The action names Shelley, Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack, and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants.	1
It names Shelley, Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack, and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants.	Does it names Shelley, Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack, and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants?	1
It names Shelley, Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack, and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants.	That complaint claims Shelley, Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack, and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants.	1
He reiterated Schroder's statement last week that Berlin would consider sending peacekeepers to Iraq only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations under a U.N. mandate.	He reiterated Schroder's statement last week that Berlin would consider sending a peacekeeper to Iraq only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations under a U.N. mandate.	1
He reiterated Schroder's statement last week that Berlin would consider sending peacekeepers to Iraq only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations under a U.N. mandate.	He reiterated Schroder's statement last week that Berlin would only consider sending peacekeepers to Iraq if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations under a U.N. mandate.	1
He reiterated Schroder's statement last week that Berlin would consider sending peacekeepers to Iraq only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations under a U.N. mandate.	Moreover, Schroder reiterated his last week that Berlin would consider sending peacekeepers to Iraq only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations under a U.N. mandate.	1
The four were remanded in custody and will appear before the magistrate's court again on July 8.	The four were remanded in custody and will appear before the magistrate's court again on July 8. They will appear before the magistrate's court again on July 8.	1
The four were remanded in custody and will appear before the magistrate's court again on July 8.	All four were remanded in custody and will appear before the magistrate's court again on July 8.	1
The four were remanded in custody and will appear before the magistrate's court again on July 8.	The four were remanded in custody and will appear before the magistrate's court again on July 8. The four were remanded and will appear before the magistrate's court again on July 8.	1
The four were remanded in custody and will appear before the magistrate's court again on July 8.	The four were remanded in custody and will appear before the magistrate's court again on July 8. They will appear before the magistrate's court again on July 8th.	1
Four years ago, Nike was sued in state court by California activist Marc Kasky under a statute designed to protect consumers from false advertising.	Four years ago, Nike was sued in state court by California activist Marc Kasky under a law designed to protect consumers from false advertising.	1
"This will put a severe crimp in our reserves," O'Keefe said Friday during a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters.	"It will put a severe crimp in our reserves," O'Keefe said Friday during a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters.	1
"This will put a severe crimp in our reserves," O'Keefe said Friday during a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters.	This will put a severe crimp in our reserves," O'Keefe said Friday during a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters.	1
"This will put a severe crimp in our reserves," O'Keefe said Friday during a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters.	Will this be a severe crimp in our reserves," O'Keefe said Friday during a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters.	1
"This will put a severe crimp in our reserves," O'Keefe said Friday during a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters.	"This will put a severe crimp in our reserves," O'Keefe said Friday at a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters.	1
"This will put a severe crimp in our reserves," O'Keefe said Friday during a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters.	Will this put a severe crimp in our reserves," O'Keefe said Friday during a roundtable discussion with reporters at NASA headquarters.	1
The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February.	The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid February.	1
The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February.	When the next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February.	1
The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February.	The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal will announce its verdict in mid-February.	1
Microsoft has won a patent for an instant messaging feature that notifies users when the person they are communicating with is typing a message.	Microsoft has won a patent for the feature called instant messaging that notifies the user when the person they are communicating with is typing a message.	1
Microsoft has won a patent for an instant messaging feature that notifies users when the person they are communicating with is typing a message.	Microsoft has won a patent for an instant messaging feature that notifies the user when the person they are communicating with is typing a message.	1
Microsoft has won a patent for an instant messaging feature that notifies users when the person they are communicating with is typing a message.	Microsoft won a patent for an instant messaging feature that notifies users when the person they are communicating with is typing a message.	1
Microsoft has won a patent for an instant messaging feature that notifies users when the person they are communicating with is typing a message.	Microsoft has won a patent for an instant messaging feature that notifies you when the person you are communicating with is typing a message.	1
Freddie Mac shares fell $1.49, to $50.01, on the New York Stock Exchange after official acknowledgment of the criminal investigation.	Freddie Mac shares fell $1.49, to $50.01, on the New York Stock Exchange after official acknowledgement of the criminal investigation.	1
X2 took in $17.1 million for a total three-week take of $174 million.	The X2 took in $17.1 million for a total three week take of $174 million.	1
X2 took in $17.1 million for a total three-week take of $174 million.	X2 took in $17.1 million for a total three week take of $174 million.	1
X2 took in $17.1 million for a total three-week take of $174 million.	With $17.1 million, X2 took in a total three-week take of $174 million.	1
X2 took in $17.1 million for a total three-week take of $174 million.	X2 takes in $17.1 million for a total three-week take of $174 million.	1
X2 took in $17.1 million for a total three-week take of $174 million.	For a total three-week take of $174 million, X2 took in $17.1 million.	1
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.	Four other men were also charged in June and have already pleaded guilty.	1
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.	He was arrested in a northwest Atlanta tire shop Tuesday night after a nationwide manhunt.	1
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.	He was arrested Tuesday night in a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.	1
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.	He was arrested on Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.	1
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.	He was arrested Tuesday evening at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.	1
He was arrested Tuesday night at a northwest Atlanta tire shop after a national manhunt.	He was arrested at a northwest Atlanta tire shop on Tuesday night after a national manhunt.	1
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice is shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	1
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly ten percent a decade.	1
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	NASA Satellites show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	1
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	NASA satellite imagery shows that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	1
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice is shrinking at the rate of almost 10 percent a decade.	1
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	NASA satellite photos show that Arctic ice is shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	1
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	NASA satellite images show that the ice on the Arctic Ocean is shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	1
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	NASA satellite images show that the Arctic ice is shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	1
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	Satellite images from NASA show that Arctic ice is shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	1
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	NASA satellite images show that the Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	1
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	Satellite images from NASA show that the Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	1
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	The data from the NASA satellite image show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	1
NASA satellite images show that Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	The NASA satellite images show that the Arctic ice has been shrinking at the rate of nearly 10 percent a decade.	1
The Lockheed Martin-built SIRTF is the last of NASA's Hubble-class "Great Observatories."	The Lockheed Martin-built SIRTF is the last of NASA's Hubble-class "Great Observators".	1
The Lockheed Martin-built SIRTF is the last of NASA's Hubble-class "Great Observatories."	The Lockheed Martin-built SIRTF is the last of NASA's Hubble-class "Great Observators."	1
The Lockheed Martin-built SIRTF is the last of NASA's Hubble-class "Great Observatories."	A Lockheed Martin-built SIRTF is the last of NASA's Hubble-class "Great Observatories."	1
The Lockheed Martin-built SIRTF is the last of NASA's Hubble-class "Great Observatories."	The Lockheed Martin-built SIRTF is the last of NASA's Hubble-class "Great Observatories".	1
"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do," said Michael Mudd, spokesman for the Northfield-based company.	"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do," said Michael Mudd, spokesman for Northfield-based Company.	1
"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do," said Michael Mudd, spokesman for the Northfield-based company.	"We're making these commitments first and foremost because we think it's the right thing to do," said Michael Mudd, spokesman for Northfield-based company.	1
I loved the Brazilian music I played.	I was really happy with the Brazilian music I played.	1
The book, scheduled for release next month, is described by Franken as a criticism of right-wing leaders and media spokesmen.	In the book, scheduled to release next month, Franken describes a criticism of right-wing leaders and media spokesmen.	1
Federal investigators are looking for possible connections between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.	FBI investigators are looking for possible connection between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.	1
Federal investigators are looking for possible connections between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.	Federal investigators are looking at possible connections between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.	1
Federal investigators are looking for possible connections between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.	Federal investigators are searching for possible connections between the theft of 1,100 pounds of an explosive chemical from construction companies in Colorado and California in the past week.	1
The affidavit said British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.	The affidavit says British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.	1
The affidavit said British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.	According to an affidavit, British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.	1
The affidavit said British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.	The affidavit says British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.	1
The affidavit said British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.	In his affidavit, British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.	1
The affidavit said British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.	Afidavit says British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.	1
The affidavit said British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.	According to the affidavit, British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.	1
The affidavit said British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.	In the affidavit, it says British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.	1
The affidavit said British customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.	In affidavit, the British Customs officials stopped al-Amoudi at Heathrow Airport last month when he was attempting to travel to Damascus, Syria.	1
"New" farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for "protection" but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.	"New" farmers say they have increased the number of dogs they keep for "protection" but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.	1
"New" farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for "protection" but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.	"New" farmers say they have increased the number of dogs they keep for "protection" but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife	1
"New" farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for "protection" but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.	"New" farmers say they have increased the number of dogs they keep for protection but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.	1
"New" farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for "protection" but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.	“New” farmers say they have increased the number of dogs they keep for protection, but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.	1
"New" farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for "protection" but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.	"New" farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for "protection" but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife	1
"New" farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for "protection" but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.	"New" farmers say they have increased the number of dogs they keep for "protection", but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.	1
Albertson's and Kroger's Ralphs stores locked out their workers in response.	Albertson's and Kroger's Ralphs stores locked out their employees in response.	1
Albertson's and Kroger's Ralphs stores locked out their workers in response.	Albertson and Kroger's Ralphs stores locked out their workers in response.	1
The decision means that Qarase must invite up to eight Labor Party members into cabinet.	It means that Qarase must invite up to eight members of the Labor Party to cabinet.	1
"Landing on an aircraft carrier doesn't make up for the loss of 2.5 million jobs in America," said the senator, a much-decorated Vietnam War veteran.	The landing on a aircraft carrier does not make up for the loss of 2.5 million jobs in America, said the senator, a much-decorated Vietnam war veteran.	1
Kevin Rollins, Dell's president, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $2-million in fiscal 2003.	Kevin Rollins, Dell's president, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just over $2 million in fiscal 2003.	1
Kevin Rollins, Dell's president, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $2-million in fiscal 2003.	Kevin Rollins, Dell's president, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just over $2-million in fiscal 2003.	1
Kevin Rollins, Dell's president, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $2-million in fiscal 2003.	Kevin Rollins, Dell's President, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just over $2-million in fiscal 2003.	1
Kevin Rollins, Dell's president, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $2-million in fiscal 2003.	Kevin Rollins, Dell president, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just over $2 million in fiscal 2003.	1
Kevin Rollins, Dell's president, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $2-million in fiscal 2003.	Kevin Rollins, Dell's president, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $2 million in fiscal 2003.	1
Kevin Rollins, Dell's president, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just more than $2-million in fiscal 2003.	Kevin Rollins, Dell's President, received $770,962 in salary and a bonus of just over $2 million in fiscal 2003.	1
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.	As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate with the continuing investigation.	1
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.	As part of his deal Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate with the investigation.	1
The United States accuses Saddam loyalists of attacks on oilfields and pipelines crucial to Iraq's economic recovery.	The United States accuses Saddam loyalists of attacks on oilfields and pipelines critical to Iraq's economic recovery.	1
The United States accuses Saddam loyalists of attacks on oilfields and pipelines crucial to Iraq's economic recovery.	The United States accuses Saddam loyalists of attacking oilfields and pipelines crucial to Iraq's economic recovery.	1
The United States accuses Saddam loyalists of attacks on oilfields and pipelines crucial to Iraq's economic recovery.	The United States accuses Saddam supporters of attacks on oilfields and pipelines crucial to Iraq's economic recovery.	1
The United States accuses Saddam loyalists of attacks on oilfields and pipelines crucial to Iraq's economic recovery.	United States accuses Saddam loyalists of attacks on oilfields and pipelines critical to Iraq's economic recovery.	1
The United States accuses Saddam loyalists of attacks on oilfields and pipelines crucial to Iraq's economic recovery.	United States accuses Saddam supporters of attacks on oilfields and pipelines crucial to Iraq's economic recovery.	1
Mall operators and retailers reported fewer people camping out for early-bird specials on Saturday morning, although many parking lots were crowded by early afternoon.	Retailers and mall operators reported fewer people camping out for early-bird specials on Saturday morning, although many parking lots were crowded by early afternoon.	1
Josephine Burke, who ran the unlicensed daycare, eventually served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges.	Josephine Burke, who ran the unlicensed daycare, served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges.	1
Josephine Burke, who ran the unlicensed daycare, eventually served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges.	Josephine Burke, who ran the unlicensed daycare, ultimately served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges.	1
Josephine Burke, who ran the unlicensed daycare, eventually served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges.	Josephine Burke, who ran unlicensed daycare, eventually served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges.	1
Josephine Burke, who ran the unlicensed daycare, eventually served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges.	Josephine Burke, who ran an unlicensed daycare, served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges.	1
Josephine Burke, who ran the unlicensed daycare, eventually served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges.	Josephine Burke was an unlicensed daycare administrator and eventually served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges.	1
Josephine Burke, who ran the unlicensed daycare, eventually served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges.	Josephine Burke, who ran unlicensed daycare, served four months in prison on misdemeanor assault and child neglect charges.	1
Bob Schindler: That's correct, and the strategy behind that is, we wanted to kind of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from.	Bob Schindler: That's correct, and the strategy behind that was, we wanted to kind of smoke him out, to see what he was coming from.	1
Bob Schindler: That's correct, and the strategy behind that is, we wanted to kind of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from.	Bob Schindler: Yes, and the strategy behind that is we wanted to kind of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from.	1
Bob Schindler: That's correct, and the strategy behind that is, we wanted to kind of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from.	Bob Schindler: That's correct, and the strategy behind that is, we wanted to sort of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from.	1
Bob Schindler: That's correct, and the strategy behind that is, we wanted to kind of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from.	Bob Schindler: So, the strategy behind that was, we wanted to sort of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from.	1
Bob Schindler: That's correct, and the strategy behind that is, we wanted to kind of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from.	Bob Schindler: Yeah, the strategy behind that is, we wanted to kind of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from.	1
Bob Schindler: That's correct, and the strategy behind that is, we wanted to kind of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from.	Bob Schindler: That's correct, and the strategy behind that was we wanted to kind of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from.	1
Bob Schindler: That's correct, and the strategy behind that is, we wanted to kind of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from.	Bob Schindler: And the strategy behind that is, we wanted to kind of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from.	1
Judge Philpot told Dica: "There is no evidence of your remorse.	Judge Philpot told Dica "There is no evidence of your remorse."	1
Judge Philpot told Dica: "There is no evidence of your remorse.	The judge Philpot told Dica: "There is no evidence of your remorse."	1
Judge Philpot told Dica: "There is no evidence of your remorse.	Judge Philpot told Dica: "There is no evidence of your remorse."	1
Operating revenue fell 4.5 percent to $2.3 billion from a year earlier.	Operating revenue fell by 4.5 percent to $2.3 billion from the year prior year. This is down from a year earlier.	1
Operating revenue fell 4.5 percent to $2.3 billion from a year earlier.	Operating revenue decreased 4.5 percent to $2.3 billion from a year earlier.	1
Operating revenue fell 4.5 percent to $2.3 billion from a year earlier.	Operating revenues fell 4.5 percent to $2.3 billion from a year earlier.	1
Most of the alleged spammers engaged in fraudulent or deceptive practices, said Brad Smith, Microsoft's senior VP and general counsel.	Most of the alleged spammers engaged in fraudulent or deceptive practices, said Brad Smith, Microsoft's senior vice president and general counsel.	1
Since December 2002, Evans has been the vice chair of the U.S. Chief Information Officers Council.	Since December 2002, Evans has been Vice Chair of the U.S. Chief Information Officers Council.	1
Companies that fall under that definition are subject to much less stringent regulation.	Companies in that definition are subject to much less stringent regulation.	1
Many of the countries affected, like Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to the Western Hemisphere.	For example, many countries affected, like Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to the Western Hemisphere.	1
Many of the countries affected, like Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to the Western Hemisphere.	Some of the countries affected, like Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to the Western Hemisphere.	1
Many of the countries affected, like Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to the Western Hemisphere.	Many countries affected, like Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to the Western Hemisphere.	1
Many of the countries affected, like Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to the Western Hemisphere.	Several countries affected, like Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to the Western Hemisphere.	1
Many of the countries affected, like Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to the Western Hemisphere.	In this context, many of the countries affected, like Colombia and Ecuador, are considered critical to the administration's efforts to bring stability to the Western Hemisphere.	1
Police arrested a "potential suspect" Monday in the abduction of a 9-year-old who was found safe after two days, the police chief said.	Police arrested a "potential suspect" on Monday in the abduction of a 9-year-old who was found safe after two days, the police chief said.	1
BOCHK chief executive Liu Jinbao was transferred abruptly to Beijing last month.	BOCHK chief executive Liu Jinbao was abruptly transferred to Beijing last month.	1
BOCHK chief executive Liu Jinbao was transferred abruptly to Beijing last month.	BOCHK's chief executive Liu Jinbao was abruptly transferred to Beijing last month.	1
BOCHK chief executive Liu Jinbao was transferred abruptly to Beijing last month.	BOCHK Chief Executive Liu Jinbao was abruptly transferred to Beijing last month.	1
In case the company does not turn in the reports before the end of May, it is likely to be delisted, an SFC official said.	In case the company doesn't turn in the reports before the end of May, it is likely to be delisted, an SFC official said.	1
In case the company does not turn in the reports before the end of May, it is likely to be delisted, an SFC official said.	In case the company does not turn in reports before the end of May, it is likely to be delisted, an SFC official said.	1
In case the company does not turn in the reports before the end of May, it is likely to be delisted, an SFC official said.	In case the company is not turning in the reports by the end of May, it is likely to be delisted, an SFC official said.	1
In case the company does not turn in the reports before the end of May, it is likely to be delisted, an SFC official said.	If a company did not turn in its reports by the end of May, it is likely to be delisted, an SFC official said.	1
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	"The gloves are off", said Rob O'Neill, a UNIFI official.	1
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	"The gloves are off." said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	1
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	"The gloves are off," says UNIFI chief Rob O'Neill.	1
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	"The gloves are off," said UNIFI's Rob O'Neill.	1
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	"The gloves are off", said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	1
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	"The gloves are off," said UNIFI employee Rob O'Neill.	1
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	"The gloves are off," said UNIFI spokesman Rob O'Neill.	1
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	"The gloves are off," said UNIFI Chief Robert O'Neill.	1
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	"The gloves are off," said UNIFI spokesperson Rob O'Neill.	1
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	"The gloves are off," said UNIFI chief Rob O'Neill.	1
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	"The gloves are off", said UNIFI's Rob O'Neill.	1
"The gloves are off," said UNIFI official Rob O'Neill.	"The gloves are off," said UNIFI officer Rob O'Neill.	1
Drax faced a financial crisis late last year after it lost its most lucrative sales contract, held with insolvent utility TXU Europe.	Drax faced financial crisis late last year after it lost its most lucrative sales contract, held with insolvent utility TXU Europe.	1
Drax faced a financial crisis late last year after it lost its most lucrative sales contract, held with insolvent utility TXU Europe.	Drax experienced a financial crisis late last year after it lost its most lucrative sales contract, held with insolvent utility TXU Europe.	1
Drax faced a financial crisis late last year after it lost its most lucrative sales contract, held with insolvent utility TXU Europe.	Drax was embroiled in a financial crisis last year after it lost its most lucrative sales contract, held with insolvent utility TXU Europe.	1
It's one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms.	It's one of several items negotiating item where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms.	1
It's one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms.	It's one of several negotiating items where Canada seems to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms.	1
It's one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms.	It is one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms.	1
His harsh criticism of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat led to his books being banned for a time by the Palestinian Authority.	His sharp critique of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat led to his books being banned for a time by the Palestinian Authority.	1
His harsh criticism of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat led to his books being banned for a time by the Palestinian Authority.	His scathing criticism of PLO chairman Yasser Arafat led to his books being banned for a time by the Palestinian Authority.	1
The 2000 Democratic platform supported "the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation."	The Democratic 2000 platform supported the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the lives of the nation.	1
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the touch-screen for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	1
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the Touch Screens for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	1
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the touch-screen machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	1
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the touch screen machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	1
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out touchscreens for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	1
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	I believe we are fully prepared to roll out the touch-screen computers for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	1
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	1
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out touch-screen machines for the 2004 Presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	1
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out touch screen machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	1
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the Touch Screen machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	1
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the Touch Screen machines for the 2004 Presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	1
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the Touch Screen devices for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, state board of elections chairman.	1
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out touch-screen machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	1
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the touch screen machines for the 2004 presidential primary, said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	1
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the touch-screen technology for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, state board of elections chairman.	1
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out touch-screens for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	1
He has a preliminary hearing Thursday to determine whether he'll stand trial.	He is scheduled for a preliminary hearing Thursday to determine whether he will stand trial.	1
He has a preliminary hearing Thursday to determine whether he'll stand trial.	He has a preliminary hearing on Thursday to determine whether he'll stand trial.	1
"They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous," said the Oscar-winning film director.	They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous," said the Oscar-winning film director.	1
"They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous," said the Oscar-winning film director.	The Oscar-winning film director said they were an inspiring couple, selfless and courageous.	1
"They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous," said the Oscar-winning film director.	They were inspirational couple, selfless and courageous," said the Oscar-winning film director.	1
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	I would prefer talking about high standards rather than low standards."	1
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards. "	1
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	1
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards"	1
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	I prefer talking about high standards than low standards"	1
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	I'd rather be talking about high standards than low standards.	1
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	"And I prefer to be talking about high standards than low standards."	1
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	I would rather talk about high standards than low standards.	1
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	"I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	1
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards.	1
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	"But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	1
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	I'd rather talk about high standards than low standards. "	1
But I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards."	I would rather be talking about high standards than low standards. "	1
WorldCom, brought down by an $11 billion accounting scandal, is adopting the name of its MCI long-distance division in a bid to clean up its image.	WorldCom, brought down by an $11 billion accounting scandal, is adopting the name of its MCI long distance division in a bid to clean up its image.	1
WorldCom, brought down by an $11 billion accounting scandal, is adopting the name of its MCI long-distance division in a bid to clean up its image.	WorldCom, brought down by the $11 billion accounting scandal, is adopting the name of its MCI long distance division in a bid to clean up its image.	1
WorldCom, brought down by an $11 billion accounting scandal, is adopting the name of its MCI long-distance division in a bid to clean up its image.	WorldCom, brought down by $11 billion accounting scandal, is adopting the name of its MCI long distance division in a bid to clean up its image.	1
WorldCom, brought down by an $11 billion accounting scandal, is adopting the name of its MCI long-distance division in a bid to clean up its image.	What is the case with WorldCom, brought down by an $11 billion accounting scandal, is adopting the name of its MCI long distance division in a bid to clean up its image.	1
Launched from the space shuttle Atlantis in 1989, Galileo will have travelled about 4.6 billion kilometres by the time it hits Jupiter.	Galileo, launched from the space shuttle Atlantis in 1989, will have travelled about 4.6 billion kilometres by the time it hits Jupiter.	1
Launched from the space shuttle Atlantis in 1989, Galileo will have travelled about 4.6 billion kilometres by the time it hits Jupiter.	Launched in the space shuttle Atlantis in 1989, Galileo will have travelled about 4.6 billion kilometres by the time it hits Jupiter.	1
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or stricter bans.	After California's lead, many states and the federal government passed similar or stricter bans.	1
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or stricter bans.	After California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or stricter bans.	1
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or stricter bans.	After California's lead, several other states and the federal government passed similar or stricter bans or bans.	1
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or stricter bans.	After California's lead, several other states and the federal government passed similar or stricter bans.	1
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.	Both papers are published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.	1
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.	Both articles are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.	1
Both papers are being published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.	Both papers were published today in the New England Journal of Medicine.	1
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania, but state trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now.	Searching for Selenski was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania, but state trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now.	1
The search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania, but state trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now.	In the search for Selenski, the search was concentrated in northeast Pennsylvania, but state trooper Tom Kelly acknowledged that Selenski could have traveled hundreds of miles by now.	1
The US investment bank said: "We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive."	The US investment bank said: "We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector remain attractive to the UK."	1
The US investment bank said: "We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive."	The US investment bank said: "We believe that the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive."	1
The US investment bank said: "We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive."	The US investment bank said: "We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive".	1
Available in June, Bare Metal Restore 4.6 costs $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client for new customers.	As of June, Bare Metal Restore 4.6 will cost $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client for new customers.	1
Available in June, Bare Metal Restore 4.6 costs $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client for new customers.	In June, Bare Metal Restore 4.6 will cost $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client for new customers.	1
Both Estrada and Honasan have denied any involvement in the failed military rebellion.	Estrada and Honasan denied any involvement in the failed military rebellion.	1
Both Estrada and Honasan have denied any involvement in the failed military rebellion.	Both Honasan and Estrada deny involvement in the failed military rebellion.	1
Both Estrada and Honasan have denied any involvement in the failed military rebellion.	Both Estrada and Honasan deny any involvement in the failed military rebellion.	1
Both Estrada and Honasan have denied any involvement in the failed military rebellion.	Both Estrada and Honasan denied any involvement in the failed military rebellion.	1
Both Estrada and Honasan have denied any involvement in the failed military rebellion.	Both Honasan and Estrada deny any involvement in the failed military rebellion.	1
Both Estrada and Honasan have denied any involvement in the failed military rebellion.	Both Honasan and Estrada have denied any involvement in the failed military rebellion.	1
It was not immediately known how many people were on flight UTA 141, which could carry 141 passengers and crew.	Was it not immediately known how many people were on flight UTA 141, which could carry 141 passengers and crew?	1
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.	The country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.	1
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.	And now, the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.	1
But the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.	And the country is scrambling to prevent it spreading to the vast countryside where most of its 1.3 billion people live.	1
But labor leaders said it was often difficult for these Americans to join a union because many employers fought organizing efforts.	However, labor leaders said it was often difficult for these Americans to join a union because many employers fought organizing efforts.	1
Australia's view on Zimbabwe "will not be changing, irrespective of the views of other countries," he said.	Australia's view on Zimbabwe "will not be changing, irrespective of the views of other countries", he said.	1
Australia's view on Zimbabwe "will not be changing, irrespective of the views of other countries," he said.	Australia's view on Zimbabwe will not be changing, irrespective of the views of other countries" he said.	1
Australia's view on Zimbabwe "will not be changing, irrespective of the views of other countries," he said.	'Australia's view on Zimbabwe will not be changed, irrespective of the views of other countries,' he said.	1
Australia's view on Zimbabwe "will not be changing, irrespective of the views of other countries," he said.	Australia's view on Zimbabwe "will not be changing, irrespective of the views of other countries" he said.	1
Australia's view on Zimbabwe "will not be changing, irrespective of the views of other countries," he said.	The views of Australia on Zimbabwe will not be changed, irrespective of the views of other countries," he said.	1
Australia's view on Zimbabwe "will not be changing, irrespective of the views of other countries," he said.	"Australia's view on Zimbabwe will not be changing, irrespective of the views of other countries," he said.	1
The Democratic primary results have a margin of error of plus or minus 6.1 percentage points.	Democratic primary results have a margin of error of minus 6.1 percentage points.	1
The Democratic primary results have a margin of error of plus or minus 6.1 percentage points.	Democratic primary results have a margin of error of plus or minus 6.1 percentage points.	1
Advertising revenue at the FT newspaper was down 18 percent in the first half and circulation was down 5 percent.	FT newspaper advertising revenue was down 18 percent in the first half and circulation was down 5 percent.	1
Advertising revenue at the FT newspaper was down 18 percent in the first half and circulation was down 5 percent.	Advertising revenue of the FT newspaper was down 18 percent in the first half and circulation was down 5 percent.	1
Advertising revenue at the FT newspaper was down 18 percent in the first half and circulation was down 5 percent.	Advertising revenue at FT was down 18 percent in the first half and circulation was down 5 percent.	1
Advertising revenue at the FT newspaper was down 18 percent in the first half and circulation was down 5 percent.	The FT newspaper ads revenue was down 18 percent in the first half and circulation was down 5 percent.	1
"We disagree with the judge's decision on notice for Engine Company 261," said a statement by Michael A. Cardozo, the city's corporation counsel.	"We disagree with the judge's decision on notice for Engine Company 261," said Michael A. Cardozo, the city's corporation counsel.	1
"We disagree with the judge's decision on notice for Engine Company 261," said a statement by Michael A. Cardozo, the city's corporation counsel.	"We disagree with the judge's decision on notice for Engine Company 261, says a statement by Michael A. Cardozo, the city's corporation counsel.	1
"We disagree with the judge's decision on notice for Engine Company 261," said a statement by Michael A. Cardozo, the city's corporation counsel.	We disagree with the judge's decision on notice for Engine Company 261," said a statement by Michael A. Cardozo, the city's corporation counsel.	1
Samuel Waksal, ImClone's former CEO, recently began serving a prison sentence of more than seven years for securities fraud.	Samuel Waksal, ImClone's former CEO, just began serving a prison sentence of more than seven years for securities fraud.	1
Scotland Yard said the three were charged under the Anti-Terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001, with alleged failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism.	Scotland Yard said the three had been charged under the anti-terrorism, crime and security act 2001 with alleged failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism.	1
Scotland Yard said the three were charged under the Anti-Terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001, with alleged failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism.	Scotland Yard said the three individuals were charged under the Anti-Terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001, with alleged failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism.	1
Scotland Yard said the three were charged under the Anti-Terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001, with alleged failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism.	Scotland Yard said the three had been charged under the Anti-Terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001, with alleged failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism.	1
Witnesses said they believed the man planned to crash the Launceston-bound Qantas flight 1737, which was carrying 47 passengers and six crew.	The man planned to crash the Qantas flight 1737, which was carrying 47 passengers and six crew members. Witnesses said they believed the man planned to crash the Launceston-bound Qantas flight 1737, which was carrying 47 passengers and six crew members.	1
Witnesses said they believed the man planned to crash the Launceston-bound Qantas flight 1737, which was carrying 47 passengers and six crew.	Witnesses said they believed the man planned to crash the Launceston-bound Qantas flight 1737, which was carrying 47 passengers and six crew members.	1
In Virginia, Mr. Kilgore, a Republican, accused the court of undermining "Virginia's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens."	In Virginia, Mr. Kilgore, a Republican, accuses the court of undermining "Virginia's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens."	1
In Virginia, Mr. Kilgore, a Republican, accused the court of undermining "Virginia's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens."	In Virginia, Mr. Kilgore, a Republican, accused the court of undermining "Virginia's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens".	1
In Virginia, Mr. Kilgore, a Republican, accused the court of undermining "Virginia's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens."	In Virginia, Mr. Kilgore, a Republican, accused the court of undermining Virginia's right to pass legislation that reflects the views and values of our citizens.	1
The deal will combine Adobe's Form Server, Form Designer and Reader products with IBM's DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products.	The deal will combine Adobe's Form Server, Form Designer, and Reader products with IBM's DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products.	1
The deal will combine Adobe's Form Server, Form Designer and Reader products with IBM's DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products.	In a new deal, Adobe will sell Adobe's Adobe Form Server, Form Designer and Reader products with IBM's DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products.	1
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.	The research is set to change the way doctors and the public check for melanomas.	1
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.	This announcement was made during the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.	1
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.	These announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.	1
The announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.	Those announcements were made at the International Broadcasting Convention (IBC) in Amsterdam.	1
Because of the holiday period, the agency will not release data from the period since Dec. 27 until today.	Due to the holiday period, the agency will not release data from the period since December 27 until today.	1
Because of the holiday period, the agency will not release data from the period since Dec. 27 until today.	Due to the holiday period, the agency will not release data from the period since Dec. 27 until today.	1
As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment, he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted ``God is Great'' three times.	As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment, he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted 'God is Great' three times.	1
As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment, he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted ``God is Great'' three times.	As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment, he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted "God is Great" three times.	1
As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment, he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted ``God is Great'' three times.	As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment, he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted "God is great" three times.	1
As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment, he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted ``God is Great'' three times.	As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment, he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted God is great'' three times.	1
As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment, he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted ``God is Great'' three times.	As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment, he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted God is Great'' three times.	1
As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment, he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted ``God is Great'' three times.	As Samudra sat down to hear the indictment, he looked over to his nine lawyers and shouted "God is Great!" three times.	1
IBM said it believes that the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit, which markets and sells point-of-sale products.	IBM says the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit, which markets and sells point-of-sale products.	1
IBM said it believes that the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit, which markets and sells point-of-sale products.	IBM says its investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit, which markets and sells point-of-sale products.	1
IBM said it believes that the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit, which markets and sells point-of-sale products.	IBM says it believes that the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit, which markets and sells point-of-sale products.	1
IBM said it believes that the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit, which markets and sells point-of-sale products.	IBM said the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit, which markets and sells point-of-sale products.	1
IBM said it believes that the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit, which markets and sells point-of-sale products.	IBM says that it believes that the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit, which markets and sells point-of-sale products.	1
IBM said it believes that the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit, which markets and sells point-of-sale products.	IBM said it believes the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit, which markets and sells point-of-sale products.	1
IBM said it believes that the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit, which markets and sells point-of-sale products.	IBM says it believes the investigation arose from a separate SEC investigation of a customer of IBM's Retail Store Solutions unit, which markets and sells point-of-sale products.	1
"I think the financial diplomacy here of the sort that we are engaged in is the surest course to get the result we want."	I think the financial diplomacy here of the sort that we engaged in is the surest course to get the result we want."	1
"I think the financial diplomacy here of the sort that we are engaged in is the surest course to get the result we want."	I think the financial diplomacy here of the sort that we are engaged in is the surest course to get the result we want.	1
"I think the financial diplomacy here of the sort that we are engaged in is the surest course to get the result we want."	I think the financial diplomacy here of the sort that we are engaged in is the surest course to get the results we want."	1
"I think the financial diplomacy here of the sort that we are engaged in is the surest course to get the result we want."	I think the financial diplomacy here of the sort that we are engaged in is the surest course to get the result we want."	1
"I think the financial diplomacy here of the sort that we are engaged in is the surest course to get the result we want."	"The financial diplomacy here of the sort that we are engaged in is the surest course to get the results we want"	1
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.	Perry has now called two special legislative sessions to try to force the redistricting plan through.	1
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.	Perry has called two special sessions to try to force the redistricting plan through.	1
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.	Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try and force the redistricting plan through.	1
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.	Perry has called two special legislative sessions to try to get the redistricting plan through.	1
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.	Perry has called two special sessions to try and force the redistricting plan through.	1
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.	Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try to force the redistricting plan through.	1
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.	Perry is now calling two special sessions to try to force the redistricting plan through.	1
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.	Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try to get the redistricting plan through.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 4.95 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,486.14.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index (Nasdaq).IXIC lost 4.95 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,486.14.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 4.95 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,486.14.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC lost 4.95 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,486.14.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 4.95 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,486.14.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index (Nasdaq.IXIC) lost 4.95 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,486.14.	1
"The difference is just something called the tuner, which is a very small piece of equipment."	"The difference is just something called the tuner, which is a small piece of equipment."	1
"The difference is just something called the tuner, which is a very small piece of equipment."	The difference is only something called the tuner, which is a small piece of equipment.	1
When the butterflies were exposed to constant light, they flew directly towards the sun, presumably because they no longer had any sense of time.	When butterflies are exposed to constant light, they fly directly toward the sun, presumably because they no longer had any sense of time.	1
When the butterflies were exposed to constant light, they flew directly towards the sun, presumably because they no longer had any sense of time.	When butterflies were exposed to constant light, they flew directly towards the sun, presumably because they no longer had any sense of time.	1
When the butterflies were exposed to constant light, they flew directly towards the sun, presumably because they no longer had any sense of time.	When a butterfly is exposed to constant light, it flies directly towards the sun, presumably because it no longer had any sense of time.	1
They said he organized a network of associates operating in as many as a dozen states.	According to them, he organized a network of associates operating in as many as a dozen states.	1
In addition, David Jones will pay him $10 million to take over the Foodchain leases.	In addition, David Jones will pay $10 million to take over the Foodchain leases.	1
In addition, David Jones will pay him $10 million to take over the Foodchain leases.	David Jones will pay him $10 million to take over the Foodchain leases.	1
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.	Mr. Weill was a self-described workaholic, and said he planned to remain very involved in our company.	1
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.	Certainly, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to stay very involved in the company.	1
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.	So, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.	1
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.	Global Crossing spokeswoman Tisha Kresler declined to comment.	1
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.	Global Crossing spokesman Tisha Kresler declined to comment.	1
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.	Global Crossing spokesperson Tisha Kresler declined to comment on the issue.	1
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.	Global Crossing spokesperson Tisha Kresler declined to comment.	1
Tisha Kresler, a spokeswoman for Global Crossing, declined to comment.	Tisha Kresler, Global Crossing spokeswoman, declined to comment.	1
The agreement between architect Daniel Libeskind and representatives of developer Larry Silverstein gives architect David Childs the lead role in developing the "Freedom Tower."	The agreement between Daniel Libeskind and representatives of developer Larry Silverstein gives architect David Childs the lead role in developing the "Freedom Tower."	1
O'Keefe declined to discuss whether such photos from spy satellites might have been able to detect the small crack in the wing.	O'Keefe declined to say whether such photos from spy satellites might have been able to detect the small crack in the wings.	1
Residents forced out of their homes on Sunday returned Monday, many to floods in their basements or lower floors.	Local residents forced out of their homes on Sunday returned Monday, many to floods in their basements or lower floors.	1
Residents forced out of their homes on Sunday returned Monday, many to floods in their basements or lower floors.	Many of the residents forced out of their homes on Sunday returned Monday, many to floods in their basements or lower floors.	1
Residents forced out of their homes on Sunday returned Monday, many to floods in their basements or lower floors.	Some residents were forced out of their homes on Sunday and returned Monday. Many to floods in their basements or lower floors.	1
Initial reports indicated the shots had been fired from inside a mosque.	Initial reports indicated there had been shots fired from inside the mosque.	1
Initial reports indicated the shots had been fired from inside a mosque.	Initial reports indicated the shots had been fired from inside of a mosque.	1
Initial reports indicated the shots had been fired from inside a mosque.	Reports indicated the shots were fired from inside a mosque.	1
Initial reports indicated the shots had been fired from inside a mosque.	According to reports, shots were fired from inside a mosque.	1
Initial reports indicated the shots had been fired from inside a mosque.	Initial reports indicated shots had been fired from inside a mosque.	1
Last week, the executive committee of the Board of Trustees issued a no-confidence vote in Goldin.	Last week, the Executive Committee of the Board of Trustees issued a no confidence vote in Goldin.	1
Last week, the executive committee of the Board of Trustees issued a no-confidence vote in Goldin.	Last week the executive committee of the Board of Trustees issued a no-confidence vote in Goldin.	1
Manfred Bischoff, EADS co-chairman and also a member of the management board of DaimlerChrysler, said both EPI and Pratt & Whitney had presented "excellent proposals.	Manfred Bischoff, co-chairman of EADS and also a member of the management board of DaimlerChrysler, said both EPI and Pratt & Whitney had presented "excellent proposals.	1
Manfred Bischoff, EADS co-chairman and also a member of the management board of DaimlerChrysler, said both EPI and Pratt & Whitney had presented "excellent proposals.	Manfred Bischoff, EADS co-chairman, and also a member of the management board of DaimlerChrysler, said both EPI and Pratt & Whitney had presented "excellent proposals.	1
Manfred Bischoff, EADS co-chairman and also a member of the management board of DaimlerChrysler, said both EPI and Pratt & Whitney had presented "excellent proposals.	Manfred Bischoff, EADS co-chairman and also a member of the management board of DaimlerChrysler, said both EPI and Pratt & Whitney had presented "excellent proposals."	1
Manfred Bischoff, EADS co-chairman and also a member of the management board of DaimlerChrysler, said both EPI and Pratt & Whitney had presented "excellent proposals.	Manfred Bischoff, EADS co-chairman and also a member of the management board of DaimlerChrysler, said both EPI and Pratt & Whitney had presented "excellent proposals".	1
The TAAD and SAR-x chips are priced from $125 to $300 in quantities of 10,000.	TAAD and SAR-x chips are priced from $125 to $300 in quantities of 10,000.	1
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.	These findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.	1
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.	The results are published today in Annals of Internal Medicine.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	- The Standard & Poor's 500 Index dropped 5.20, or 0.6%, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index was down 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 5.20, or 0.6%, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	The Standard and Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	The Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index dropped 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	Standard & Poor's 500 index down 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	The Standard & Poor's 500 index dropped 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	Standard & Poor's 500 index dropped 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	Standard & Poor's 500 index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index fell 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	The Standard & Poor's 500 index lost 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index lost 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index dipped 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index fell 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index shed 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 5.20, or 0.6 percent, to 924.42 as of 9:33 a.m. in New York.	1
D'Cunha said, from a science standpoint, Toronto's last case was April 19, so the all-clear day was actually yesterday.	D'Cunha said, from a scientific standpoint, Toronto's last case was April 19, so the all-clear day was actually yesterday.	1
D'Cunha said, from a science standpoint, Toronto's last case was April 19, so the all-clear day was actually yesterday.	D'Cunha said, from a science standpoint, the Toronto's last case was April 19, so the all-clear day was actually yesterday.	1
D'Cunha said, from a science standpoint, Toronto's last case was April 19, so the all-clear day was actually yesterday.	D'Cunha said, from a science standpoint, Toronto's last case was April 19, so the all clear day was actually yesterday.	1
D'Cunha said, from a science standpoint, Toronto's last case was April 19, so the all-clear day was actually yesterday.	The all-clear day was actually yesterday, D'Cunha said. From a science standpoint, Toronto's last case was April 19, so the all-clear day was actually yesterday.	1
Mike Austreng, editor of the weekly Cold Spring Record, said he saw one wounded student taken from the school by helicopter.	Mike Austreng, editor of the weekly Cold Spring Record said he saw one wounded student taken from the school by helicopter.	1
Mike Austreng, editor of the weekly Cold Spring Record, said he saw one wounded student taken from the school by helicopter.	Mike Austreng, editor of the weekly Cold Spring Record, said he saw a wounded student taken from the school by helicopter.	1
They describe themselves as "lifelong non-smokers whose primary interest is an accurate determination of the health effects of tobacco".	They describe themselves as "lifelong non-smokers whose primary interest is the accurate determination of the health effects of tobacco".	1
They describe themselves as "lifelong non-smokers whose primary interest is an accurate determination of the health effects of tobacco".	Their interest is in the health effects of tobacco. They describe themselves as "lifelong non-smokers whose primary interest is an accurate determination of the health effects of tobacco".	1
They describe themselves as "lifelong non-smokers whose primary interest is an accurate determination of the health effects of tobacco".	As an individual, they describe themselves as "lifelong non-smokers whose primary interest is an accurate determination of the health effects of tobacco".	1
Inamed shares closed down nearly 12 percent on Nasdaq, where it was one of the top percentage losers.	Inamed shares closed nearly 12 percent on Nasdaq, where it was one of the top percentage losers.	1
Inamed shares closed down nearly 12 percent on Nasdaq, where it was one of the top percentage losers.	Inamed shares closed nearly 12 percent down on Nasdaq, where it was one of the top percentage losers.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 21.35 points, or 1.33 percent, to 1,624.91.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC gained 21.35 points, or 1.33 percent, to 1,624.91.	1
Before completion, the group will take surplus cash of 16.5m from TCG to reduce its net borrowings.	Before completion, the group will take surplus cash of 16.5 million from TCG to reduce its net borrowings.	1
Before completion, the group will take surplus cash of 16.5m from TCG to reduce its net borrowings.	Prior to completion, the Group will take surplus cash of 16.5m from TCG to reduce its net borrowings.	1
Before completion, the group will take surplus cash of 16.5m from TCG to reduce its net borrowings.	Before completing, the group will take surplus cash of 16.5m from TCG to reduce its net borrowings.	1
Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.	Delta staff at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.	1
Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.	Delta workers at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.	1
Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.	Delta employees at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.	1
Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.	Delta officials at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.	1
Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.	Delta at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.	1
Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.	Delta airline staff at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.	1
Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.	Delta's Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport was scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.	1
"Based on that review, I have concluded that CEO & President Greg Parseghian and General Counsel Maud Mater should be replaced," said Falcon in a statement.	“Based on that review, I have concluded that CEO & President Greg Parseghian and General Counsel Maud Mater should be replaced," said Falcon in a statement.	1
For the year, Marvell expects revenue of $760 million to $790 million.	Marvell expects revenue of $760 million to $790 million for the year.	1
In trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Kraft shares fell 25 cents to close at $32.30.	In New York Stock Exchange, Kraft shares fell 25 cents to close at $32.30.	1
In trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Kraft shares fell 25 cents to close at $32.30.	In the New York Stock Exchange, Kraft shares fell 25 cents to close at $32.30.	1
In trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Kraft shares fell 25 cents to close at $32.30.	In new york stock exchange, Kraft shares fell 25 cents to close at $32.30.	1
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.	The European Union banned the import of genetically modified foods in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban on import of food.	1
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.	The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is demanding that the EU end its ban.	1
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.	The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998. The United States is demanding that the EU end its ban.	1
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.	The European Union banned the import of genetically modified foods in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.	1
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.	The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban on food.	1
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.	In 1998, the European Union banned the import of genetically modified foods; now the United States is demanding that the EU end its ban on genetically modified foods.	1
The European Union banned the import of genetically modified food in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban.	The European Union banned the import of genetically modified foods in 1998; the United States is now demanding that the EU end its ban on the import of genetically modified food.	1
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.	Investigators have meticulously investigated virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.	1
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.	In his own words, investigators have meticulously looked into practically every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.	1
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.	Investigative investigators have meticulously investigated virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.	1
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.	Investigations have thoroughly looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.	1
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56 percent.	For the full 12-month period ending June 30, advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56%.	1
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56 percent.	The full 12-month period ending June 30, advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56 percent.	1
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56 percent.	In the full 12-month period ending June 30, advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56 percent.	1
For the full 12-month period ending June 30, advanced services lines of all technology types increased by 56 percent.	In the 12-month period ending June 30, Advanced Services lines of all technology types increased by 56%.	1
On Sunday August 3, the House of Deputies voted nearly 2-1 in favor of the Reverend Gene Robinson of New Hampshire.	On Sunday August 3 the House of Deputies voted nearly 2-1 in favor of the Reverend Gene Robinson of New Hampshire.	1
Federal officials gave the DPS officer an FAA number to call to initiate lost-aircraft procedures.	Federal officials gave the DPS officer an FAA number to call to initiate lost-aircraft procedure.	1
Federal officials gave the DPS officer an FAA number to call to initiate lost-aircraft procedures.	Federal officials gave the DPS officer an FAA number to initiate lost-aircraft procedures.	1
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.	After a year of anticipation and 26 hours of surgery, the boys were separated on Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.	1
After 26 hours of surgery and a year of anticipation, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.	After a year of anticipation and 26 hours of surgery, the boys were separated Sunday at Children's Medical Center of Dallas.	1
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	The settlement also defers any payments to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	1
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	And the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	1
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	But the settlement also defers any payments to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	1
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	The settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	1
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	So the settlement also defers any payments to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	1
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	Is the settlement deferring any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved?	1
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	Its settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	1
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	Moreover, the settlement defers any payments to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	1
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	This settlement also defers any payments to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	1
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	However the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	1
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	However, the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	1
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	So the settlement defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	1
"The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws," SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing.	The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws," SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing.	1
"The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws," SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing.	"The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, along with copyright, antitrust and export control laws," said SCO Group in an answer filed to an IBM court filing.	1
"The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws," SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing.	The GPL "violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws," SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing.	1
"The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws," SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing.	The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws, SCO said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing.	1
"The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws," SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing.	"The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws," said SCO Group in an answer filed to an IBM court filing.	1
"The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws," SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing.	"The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws," SCO said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing.	1
"The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws," SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing.	The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, along with copyright, antitrust and export control laws," SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing.	1
"The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws," SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing.	"The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, along with copyright, antitrust and export control laws," SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing.	1
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	The Nasdaq composite index fell 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	1
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	1
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	Nasdaq composite index fell 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610,82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	1
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1%, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	1
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	When the Nasdaq Composite Index fell 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, it had risen 1.1 percent last week.	1
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	Nasdaq composite index fell 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, after gaining 1.1 percent last week.	1
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	The Nasdaq composite index fell 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, after gaining 1.1 percent last week.	1
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	Nasdaq Composite Index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	1
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	The Nasdaq composite index fell 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, after a 1.1 percent gain last week.	1
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, after gaining 1.1 percent last week.	1
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, after rising 1.1 percent last week.	1
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	The Nasdaq Composite Index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, after rising 1.1 percent last week.	1
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	The Nasdaq Composite Index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, after a gain of 1.1 percent last week.	1
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	The Nasdaq Composite Index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, after gaining 1.1 percent last week.	1
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	Nasdaq composite index fell 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	1
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	Is the Nasdaq composite index dropping 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, after rising 1.1 percent last week?	1
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	Nasdaq Composite Index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, after gaining 1.1 percent last week.	1
The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, having risen 1.1 percent last week.	The Nasdaq composite index dropped 33.90, or 2.1 percent, to 1,610.82, after gaining 1.1 percent last week.	1
Elsewhere in Europe, Philips was up 4.6 percent after raising its targets for chip sales on Friday.	Where in Europe Philips was up 4.6 percent after raising its target for chip sales on Friday.	1
Elsewhere in Europe, Philips was up 4.6 percent after raising its targets for chip sales on Friday.	Philips went up 4.6 percent in Europe after raising its target for chip sales on Friday.	1
Police searched Tanzi's home near Parma on Wednesday, and prosecutors had sought to interrogate him that day only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country.	Police officers searched Tanzi's home near Parma on Wednesday, and prosecutors had sought to interrogate him that day only to discover he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country.	1
Police searched Tanzi's home near Parma on Wednesday, and prosecutors had sought to interrogate him that day only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country.	Police raided tanzi's home near Parma on Wednesday, and prosecutors had sought to interrogate him that day only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country.	1
Police searched Tanzi's home near Parma on Wednesday, and prosecutors had sought to interrogate him that day only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country.	Police raided Tanzi's home near Parma on Wednesday, and prosecutors had sought to interrogate him that day only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country.	1
Police searched Tanzi's home near Parma on Wednesday, and prosecutors had sought to interrogate him that day only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country.	When police searched Tanzi's home near Parma on Wednesday, and prosecutors had sought to interrogate him that day only to find he had left Italy for an undisclosed foreign country.	1
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.	Rule prohibits groups from running any advertising campaign which promotes, supports, attacks or opposes a candidate at any time.	1
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.	This rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.	1
Last year, Cuban officials said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.	Cuban officials last year said none of nearly two dozen nominated Cuban musicians received U.S. visas on time to attend the Grammys in Los Angeles.	1
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	1
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	Iraq: The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	1
Xerox shares closed at $11.45, up 2 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.	Shares of Xerox closed at $11.45, up 2 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Xerox shares closed at $11.45, up 2 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.	The shares of Xerox closed at $11.45, up 2 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Xerox shares closed at $11.45, up 2 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.	Xerox stock closed at $11.45, up 2 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
At midday Saturday, automatic gunfire rattled windows in the Qadesiyah neighborhood, a largely Arab area that borders a Kurdish quarter.	At noon Saturday, automatic gunfire rattled windows in the Qadesiyah neighborhood, a largely Arab area that borders a Kurdish quarter.	1
Southwest, the largest U.S. discount airline, said Friday that inspections of its fleet of 385 planes had found no additional items.	Southwest, the largest U.S. discount airline, announced Friday that inspections of its fleet of 385 aircraft had found no additional items.	1
Southwest, the largest U.S. discount airline, said Friday that inspections of its fleet of 385 planes had found no additional items.	Southwest Airlines, the largest discount airline, said Friday that inspections of its fleet of 385 planes had found no additional items.	1
Southwest, the largest U.S. discount airline, said Friday that inspections of its fleet of 385 planes had found no additional items.	Southwest Airlines, the largest U.S. discount airline, said Friday that inspections of its fleet of 385 planes had found no additional items.	1
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.	This vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.	1
The FBI later learned that two of the hijackers had lived near Awadallah in San Diego.	FBI later learned that two of the hijackers had lived near Awadallah in San Diego.	1
The FBI later learned that two of the hijackers had lived near Awadallah in San Diego.	The FBI learned that two of the hijackers lived near Awadallah, San Diego.	1
The FBI later learned that two of the hijackers had lived near Awadallah in San Diego.	FBI learned that two of the hijackers had lived near Awadallah in San Diego.	1
"We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."	We need to change old habits, and seriously rethink business as usual"	1
"We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."	"We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business as-usual."	1
"We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."	"We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business as usual."	1
"We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."	'We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business as usual'	1
"We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."	We have to change old habits and seriously rethink business as usual.	1
"We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."	We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual.	1
"We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."	"I think we need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual"	1
"We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual."	"We need to change old habits and seriously rethink business as usual"	1
Both companies automate many channels, though XM has some live programming, and Sirius airs live in-studio performances and interviews.	Both companies automate many channels, though XM have some live programming, and Sirius airs live in-studio performances and interviews.	1
Both companies automate many channels, though XM has some live programming, and Sirius airs live in-studio performances and interviews.	Both companies automate many channels, though XM has some live programming, and Sirius airs live in-studio performances and interviews.?	1
The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member Anglican Communion.	The national denomination of the Episcopal Church, with 2.3 million members, is the U.S. branch of the Anglican Communion, with 77 million members.	1
That means that if the planet is in a season, it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years.	If the planet is in season, it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years.	1
That means that if the planet is in a season, it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years.	If the earth is in a season, it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years.	1
That means that if the planet is in a season, it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years.	If the planet is in a season, it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years.	1
The matriarch - who celebrates her 81st birthday next month - was yesterday thanked for her generosity by model and actor Sarah O'Hare, the National Breast Cancer Foundation patron.	The matriarch, who celebrates her 81st birthday next month, was yesterday thanked for her generosity by model and actor Sarah O'Hare, the National Breast Cancer Foundation patron.	1
The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.	Scientists at Imperial College London had already shown that the hormone could suppress the appetite of lean people.	1
The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.	The research at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.	1
The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.	The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone can suppress the appetites of lean people.	1
The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.	Researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.	1
The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.	Researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetite of lean people.	1
The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.	Researchers from Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.	1
The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.	In Imperial College London, the researchers had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.	1
The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.	The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that a hormone could suppress the appetite of lean people.	1
The researchers at Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.	In their research Imperial College London had previously shown that the hormone could suppress the appetites of lean people.	1
Voyager 2, also launched in 1977, lags some 1.6 billion miles behind Voyager 1.	Voyager 2, first launched in 1977, lags about 1.6 billion miles behind Voyager 1.	1
The film stars James Brolin as Mr. Reagan and Judy Davis as Mrs. Reagan.	The movie stars James Brolin as Mr. Reagan and Judy Davis as Mrs. Reagan.	1
Wind River also cut costs, reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.	Wind River also cut expenses, reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.	1
Wind River also cut costs, reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.	Wind River has also cut costs, reducing first quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.	1
Wind River also cut costs, reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.	Wind River has also slashed its operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million in the first quarter.	1
Wind River also cut costs, reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.	Wind River also reduced costs, reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.	1
Wind River also cut costs, reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.	Wind River has also cut costs, reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.	1
Wind River also cut costs, reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.	Wind River has also cut operating costs, reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.	1
Wind River also cut costs, reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.	Wind River is also cutting operating expenses, reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.	1
Wind River also cut costs, reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.	Wind River cut costs, reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.	1
Wind River also cut costs, reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.	Wind River cut its operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million in the first quarter.	1
Wind River also cut costs, reducing first-quarter operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million.	Wind River reduced operating expenses by 28 percent to $47.1 million in the first quarter.	1
But Advani said Pakistan should prove its sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi in connection with previous bombings in India.	Advani says Pakistan should show its sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi in connection with previous bombings in India.	1
But Advani said Pakistan should prove its sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi in connection with previous bombings in India.	Advani said Pakistan should prove it's sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi in connection with previous bombings in India.	1
But Advani said Pakistan should prove its sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi in connection with previous bombings in India.	Advani: Pakistan should prove its sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi in connection with previous bombings in India.	1
But Advani said Pakistan should prove its sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi in connection with previous bombings in India.	But Advani said Pakistan should show its sincerity by handing over suspects wanted by New Delhi in connection with previous bombings in India.	1
A federal judge yesterday disconnected a new national "do-not-call" list, just days before it was to take effect, saying the agency that created it lacked the authority.	A federal judge yesterday disqualified a new national "do-not-call" list, just days before it was to take effect, saying the agency that created it lacked the authority.	1
A federal judge yesterday disconnected a new national "do-not-call" list, just days before it was to take effect, saying the agency that created it lacked the authority.	A federal judge yesterday disconnected the new national "do not call" list, just days before it was to take effect, saying the agency that created it lacked the authority.	1
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.	U.S. Conference Board says its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.	1
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.	The U.S. Conference Board says its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.	1
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.	U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.	1
The U.S. Conference Board said its latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.	U.S. Conference Board: The latest measure of business confidence hit 60 after falling to 53 in its first quarter survey.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index (SPRX) was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.	1
New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million.	New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year compared with last year's $125.4 million in revenue.	1
New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million.	New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million in taxes.	1
New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million.	New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year compared with last year's $125.4 million.	1
New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million.	New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared to last year's $125.4 million.	1
New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million.	New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million in revenue.	1
New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million.	New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million in the bonuses.	1
New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million.	New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million in taxes.	1
New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million.	New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million.	1
New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million.	New York City is expected to get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million.	1
New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million.	New York City will get an estimated $182.5 million in tax revenue from the bonuses this year, compared with last year's $125.4 million in tax revenue.	1
Under state law, DeVries must be released to the jurisdiction in which he was convicted.	In state law, DeVries must be released to the jurisdiction in which he was convicted.	1
Under state law, DeVries must be released to the jurisdiction in which he was convicted.	According to state law, DeVries must be released to the jurisdiction in which he was convicted.	1
AN inquest into the car crash that killed Princess Diana will be held January 6, the royal family's coroner announced overnight.	An inquest into the car crash that killed Princess Diana will be held on January 6th, the royal family's coroner announced overnight.	1
AN inquest into the car crash that killed Princess Diana will be held January 6, the royal family's coroner announced overnight.	An inquest into the car crash that killed Princess Diana will be held on January 6, the royal family's coroner announced overnight.	1
United Nations Secretary-General Kofi Annan suggested on Monday that the United States should lead a multinational force to stop fighting between government forces and rebels in Liberia.	UN Secretary-General Kofi Annan said on Monday that the United States should lead a multinational force to stop fighting between government forces and rebels in Liberia.	1
MessageLabs, which runs outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.	MessageLabs, a company that operates outsourced e-mail servers for 700,000 customers around the world, said it had filtered out 27,000 infected e-mails in 115 countries as of Thursday morning.	1
"We think it's great news," Enron spokesman Eric Thode said.	I think this news is great news," Enron spokesman Eric Thode said. "We think it's great news."	1
"We think it's great news," Enron spokesman Eric Thode said.	"We think it's great news," said Enron spokesman Eric Thode.	1
"We think it's great news," Enron spokesman Eric Thode said.	We think this is a fantastic news," Enron spokesman Eric Thode said.	1
"We think it's great news," Enron spokesman Eric Thode said.	"We think this news is good news," Enron's Eric Thode said.	1
"We think it's great news," Enron spokesman Eric Thode said.	"We think this is a really big deal," Enron spokesman Eric Thode said.	1
"We think it's great news," Enron spokesman Eric Thode said.	That's great news for Enron," spokesman Eric Thode said.	1
"We think it's great news," Enron spokesman Eric Thode said.	"We think this is a big news": Enron spokesman Eric Thode said.	1
"We think it's great news," Enron spokesman Eric Thode said.	"We think this is a great news," said Enron spokesman Eric Thode.	1
"We think it's great news," Enron spokesman Eric Thode said.	It's a great news, Enron spokesman Eric Thode said.	1
Veritas said new customers can buy Bare Metal Restore for $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client.	Veritas announced that new customers can buy Bare Metal Restore for $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client.	1
Veritas said new customers can buy Bare Metal Restore for $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client.	Veritas says new customers can buy Bare Metal Restore for $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client.	1
They did so after her feeding tube was removed this afternoon, accompanied by the Rev. Thaddeus Malanowski, a Catholic priest who visits Mrs. Schiavo weekly.	Lastly, they did so after her feeding tube was removed this afternoon, accompanied by the Rev. Thaddeus Malanowski, a Catholic priest who visits Mrs. Schiavo weekly.	1
He is expected to ask banks for around €50m this week to keep the company afloat.	Is he expected to ask banks for around €50m this week to keep the company afloat?	1
He is expected to ask banks for around €50m this week to keep the company afloat.	He is expected to ask banks for around €50m this week to keep the company afloat this week.	1
He is expected to ask banks for around €50m this week to keep the company afloat.	He will ask banks for €50 million this week to keep the company afloat.	1
He is expected to ask banks for around €50m this week to keep the company afloat.	He is expected to ask banks for around €50m this week to keep his company afloat.	1
He is expected to ask banks for around €50m this week to keep the company afloat.	He is expected to ask banks for around €50 million this week to keep the company afloat.	1
He is expected to ask banks for around €50m this week to keep the company afloat.	He is expected to ask banks around €50m this week to keep the company afloat.	1
He is expected to ask banks for around €50m this week to keep the company afloat.	He will ask banks for €50m this week to keep his company afloat.	1
He is expected to ask banks for around €50m this week to keep the company afloat.	He will ask banks for around €50 million this week to keep the company afloat.	1
He is expected to ask banks for around €50m this week to keep the company afloat.	He will ask banks for around €50m this week to keep the company afloat.	1
Economists said that raised the odds of a rate cut at the Fed's next meeting on June 24-25.	Fed: Economists said that raised the odds of a rate cut at the next Fed meeting on June 24-25.	1
The company had an operating loss of $56.7 million in the first half of 2003.	In the first half of 2003 the Company reported an operating loss of $56.7 million.	1
The company had an operating loss of $56.7 million in the first half of 2003.	The company reported an operating loss of $56.7 million in the first half of 2003.	1
The company had an operating loss of $56.7 million in the first half of 2003.	In the first half of 2003, the company had an operating loss of $56.7 million.	1
The company had an operating loss of $56.7 million in the first half of 2003.	In the first half of 2003, the company reported operating losses of $56.7 million.	1
The company had an operating loss of $56.7 million in the first half of 2003.	Company had an operating loss of $56.7 million in the first half of 2003.	1
The company had an operating loss of $56.7 million in the first half of 2003.	In the first half of 2003, the Company reported an operating loss of $56.7 million.	1
The company had an operating loss of $56.7 million in the first half of 2003.	In the first half of 2003, the company reported an operating loss of $56.7 million.	1
She has a boyfriend, too, officials said: Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who sat with her family Tuesday.	She has a boyfriend, too, officials said. Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who sat with her family Tuesday.	1
She has a boyfriend, too, officials said: Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who sat with her family Tuesday.	And she has a boyfriend, too, officials said. Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who sat with her family Tuesday.	1
She has a boyfriend, too, officials said: Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who sat with her family Tuesday.	She has a boyfriend too, officials said. Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who sat with her family Tuesday.	1
She has a boyfriend, too, officials said: Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who sat with her family Tuesday.	She has a boyfriend too, officials said: Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who sat with her family Tuesday.	1
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.	Enron spokesperson Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.	1
Enron spokesman Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.	Enron's Eric Thode declined to comment on the mediation order.	1
"In 1980, 6% of children aged six to 18 were overweight," he said.	In 1980, 6% of children aged six to 18 were overweight, he said.	1
"In 1980, 6% of children aged six to 18 were overweight," he said.	In 1980, 6% of children aged six to 18 were overweight," he said.	1
"In 1980, 6% of children aged six to 18 were overweight," he said.	In 1980, 6% of children aged six to 18 were overweight, said he.	1
He could get six to seven years in prison, plus fines.	For this guy, he could get six to seven years in prison plus fines.	1
He could get six to seven years in prison, plus fines.	He could get six to seven years in prison plus fines.	1
An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, researchers have found.	An experimental drug could slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, researchers have found.	1
An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, researchers have found.	Researchers have found that an experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly.	1
An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, researchers have found.	Can an experimental drug slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, researchers have found.	1
An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, researchers have found.	Will experimental drugs slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, researchers have found.	1
The airline said the results showed that its recovery programme and other initiatives were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues.	The results showed that the airline's recovery programme and other initiatives were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues.	1
The airline said the results showed that its recovery programme and other initiatives were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues.	The airline said that the results showed that its recovery programme and other initiatives were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues.	1
The airline said the results showed that its recovery programme and other initiatives were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues.	Despite the deterioration of the airline's revenue, the airline said the results showed that its recovery programme and other initiatives were helping to offset the continued deterioration in revenues.	1
The airline said the results showed that its recovery programme and other initiatives were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues.	According to the results, the airline said that its recovery programme and other initiatives were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues.	1
In the first hour of trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 34 points to 9,107, while the Nasdaq composite index rose 2 points to 1,612.	In the first hour of trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 34 points to 9,107 while the Nasdaq composite index rose 2 points to 1,612.	1
In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.	In hardest hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.	1
In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.	In the hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.	1
In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.	In hard-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerie quiet.	1
In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.	In the hard-hitting Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.	1
In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.	In toughest hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.	1
In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.	In the hardest hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.	1
In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.	In the hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerie quiet.	1
In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.	In hard-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.	1
In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.	In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerie quiet.	1
In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.	In Taipei, the hardest hit city, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.	1
In hardest-hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerily quiet.	In hardest hit Taipei, traffic has disappeared from once bustling streets, ubiquitous department stores stand mostly empty and restaurants are eerie quiet.	1
In a statement, Lee said he "no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV."	In a statement, Lee said "no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV".	1
In a statement, Lee said he "no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV."	In a statement, Lee said he "no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV"	1
In a statement, Lee said he "no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV."	In a statement, Lee said he "no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV".	1
In a statement, Lee said he "no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV."	In a statement, Lee said "no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV."	1
In a statement, Lee said he "no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV."	In a statement Lee said he "no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV."	1
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.	The seven other countries in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.	1
"Accusations of improper activity are as false today as they were when the Democrats first made them," Grella said.	"The accusations of improper activity are as false today as they were when the Democrats first made them," Grella said.	1
"Accusations of improper activity are as false today as they were when the Democrats first made them," Grella said.	"The Democrats' accusations of improper activity are as false today as they were when they first made them," Grella said.	1
The euro was at 1.5276 versus the Swiss franc , up 0.2 percent on the session, after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session.	Euro was at 1.5276 versus the Swiss franc, up 0.2 percent on the session, after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session.	1
The euro was at 1.5276 versus the Swiss franc , up 0.2 percent on the session, after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session.	The euro was at 1.5276 versus the Swiss franc, up 0.2 percent on the session, after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session.	1
The Aspen fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.	The Aspen Fire has charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes have been destroyed.	1
The Aspen fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.	The Aspen Fire had charred more than 12400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.	1
The Aspen fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.	Aspen fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.	1
The Aspen fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.	Aspen blaze has charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes have been destroyed.	1
The Aspen fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.	In the Aspen area, a fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.	1
The Aspen fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.	Aspen fire has charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes have been destroyed.	1
Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong says China plays an important role in the integration of Asia, including managing the stresses and strains both within and between countries.	Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong said China plays an important role in the integration of Asia, including managing the stresses and strains both within and between countries.	1
Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong says China plays an important role in the integration of Asia, including managing the stresses and strains both within and between countries.	Singapore's Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong says China plays an important role in the integration of Asia, including managing the stresses and strains both within and between countries.	1
Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong says China plays an important role in the integration of Asia, including managing the stresses and strains both within and between countries.	Singapore PM Goh Chok Tong says China plays an important role in the integration of Asia, including managing the stresses and strains both within and between countries.	1
Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong says China plays an important role in the integration of Asia, including managing the stresses and strains both within and between countries.	Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong says China plays an important role in the integration of Asia, including managing stress and strains both between countries.	1
Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong says China plays an important role in the integration of Asia, including managing the stresses and strains both within and between countries.	Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong says China plays an important role in the integration of Asia, including managing the stresses and strains both between countries.	1
Singapore Prime Minister Goh Chok Tong says China plays an important role in the integration of Asia, including managing the stresses and strains both within and between countries.	Singapore's prime minister Goh Chok Tong says China plays an important role in the integration of Asia, including managing the stresses and strains both within and between countries.	1
In 1999, Mauritania became only the third Arab League state to establish full diplomatic relations with the Jewish state.	In 1999 Mauritania became only the third Arab League state to establish full diplomatic relations with the Jewish state.	1
Just across a river, St. Joseph has trendy restaurants, boutiques, offices and a picturesque beachfront.	Just across the River, St. Joseph has a trendy restaurants, boutiques, offices and a beautiful beachfront.	1
Just across a river, St. Joseph has trendy restaurants, boutiques, offices and a picturesque beachfront.	Just across a river, St. Joseph offers hip and trendy restaurants, boutiques, offices and a picturesque beachfront.	1
Just across a river, St. Joseph has trendy restaurants, boutiques, offices and a picturesque beachfront.	Just across the river, St. Joseph has trendy restaurants, boutiques, offices and a picturesque beachfront.	1
The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system, an issue Microsoft on July 16 had warned about.	The worm attacks Windows computers via hole in the operating system, an issue Microsoft on July 16 had warned about.	1
The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system, an issue Microsoft on July 16 had warned about.	The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system, an issue Microsoft had warned about on July 16th.	1
But in Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.	In Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.	1
But in Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.	But in Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, her residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.	1
But in Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.	So in Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, her residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.	1
But in Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.	In Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, her residents had nothing but praise for Pte. Lynch.	1
But in Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.	In Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, her residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.	1
But in Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.	In Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, her neighbors had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.	1
But in Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.	And in Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, her residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.	1
Justices Stephen Breyer, Sandra Day O'Connor and Anthony Kennedy disagreed.	Justices Stephen Breyer, Sandra Day O’Connor and Anthony Kennedy disagreed.	1
Cool, moist air moved into Colorado early Thursday and brought precipitation to two wind-whipped wildfires that had forced thousands to flee and threatened several hundred homes.	Cool, moist air moved into Colorado early Thursday and brought precipitation to two wind-whipped wildfires that had forced thousands of people to flee and threatened several hundred homes.	1
Cool, moist air moved into Colorado early Thursday and brought precipitation to two wind-whipped wildfires that had forced thousands to flee and threatened several hundred homes.	Is cool, moist air moving into Colorado early Thursday and brought precipitation to two wind-whipped wildfires that had forced thousands to flee and threatened several hundred homes.	1
The latest outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.	The latest outbreak appears to have begun with one of the female patients, transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.	1
The latest outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.	At the moment the latest outbreak appears to have begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.	1
The latest outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.	This outbreak appears to have begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.	1
The latest outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.	The latest outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients, transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.	1
The latest outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.	The latest outbreak seems to have started with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.	1
The latest outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.	This outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.	1
Its second-quarter earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April.	Its second quarter earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April.	1
Its second-quarter earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April.	Is its second-quarter earnings per share of 22 cents slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April?	1
Its second-quarter earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April.	Company's second quarter earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April.	1
Its second-quarter earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April.	Second quarter earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April.	1
Its second-quarter earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April.	In the second quarter, its earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April.	1
Its second-quarter earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April.	Earnings per share was 22 cents in second quarter, slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April.	1
The board's final report, expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.	In its final report in late August, the Columbia Board will stop short of assigning individual blame for the accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.	1
The board's final report, expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.	The final report of the board, expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.	1
The board's final report, expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.	The final board's report, expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.	1
The board's final report, expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.	According to Gehman, the board's final report, expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.	1
The board's final report, expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.	In the final report of the Board, expected in late August, the board will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.	1
The board's final report, expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.	In the final report, expected in late August, the board will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.	1
The board's final report, expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.	In the final report of the board, expected in late August, it will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.	1
The board's final report, expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.	In the end, the board's final report, expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.	1
Treasury prices rose slightly, sending the 10-year note yield down to 4.38 percent from 4.39 percent late Friday.	Treasury prices rose slightly, sending the 10-year note yield down to 4.38 percent from 4.39 percent late Friday..	1
But it is clear that the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.	In truth, the Joint Intelligence Committee was not involved.	1
The premium edition adds OfficeFront Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.	It is available for purchase in both premium and regular editions. The premium edition includes Officefront Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.	1
The premium edition adds OfficeFront Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.	Premium edition adds Office Front Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.	1
The premium edition adds OfficeFront Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.	Plus, the premium edition adds Office front page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.	1
The premium edition adds OfficeFront Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.	The premium edition adds Office Front Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.	1
The premium edition adds OfficeFront Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.	Premium Edition adds OfficeFront Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.	1
The premium edition adds OfficeFront Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.	Premium Edition includes Office Front Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.	1
The premium edition adds OfficeFront Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.	The Premium Edition includes Office Front Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, SQL Server 2000.	1
The premium edition adds OfficeFront Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.	In addition, the premium edition comes with OfficeFront Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.	1
The premium edition adds OfficeFront Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.	In addition to Office Front Page 2003, the Premium Edition adds Acceleration Server 2000 and SQL Server 2000.	1
PFP Legislator Kao Ming-chien (), the fifth Taiwanese expert invited by the WHO to join the conference, will arrive in Malaysia today.	PFP Legislative Kao Ming-chien (), the fifth Taiwanese expert invited by the WHO to join the conference, will arrive in Malaysia today.	1
PFP Legislator Kao Ming-chien (), the fifth Taiwanese expert invited by the WHO to join the conference, will arrive in Malaysia today.	PFP Legislator Kao Ming-chien (, the fifth Taiwanese expert invited by the WHO to join the conference, will arrive in Malaysia today.	1
SARS or severe acute respiratory syndrome emerged in November last year.	SARS (severe acute respiratory syndrome) emerged in November last year.	1
SARS or severe acute respiratory syndrome emerged in November last year.	SARS is a severe respiratory syndrome that occurs in November last year.	1
Sony claimed that the reader's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning.	Sony has claimed that the reader's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning.	1
Sony claimed that the reader's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning.	Sony claim that the reader's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning.	1
Sony claimed that the reader's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning.	Sony claims that the reader's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning.	1
Sony claimed that the reader's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning.	Sony claims that the reader's capacitance sensor cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning.	1
Sony claimed that the reader's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning.	Sony claims the reader's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning.	1
Sony claimed that the reader's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning.	Sony says that the reader's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning.	1
Sony claimed that the reader's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning.	Sony says the reader's capacitance sensing technology cannot be fooled by paper copies and does not require cleaning.	1
Sutherland is the 65-year-old computing pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland, which made high-performance graphics computers.	Sutherland is the 65-year-old computer pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland, which made high-performance graphics computers.	1
Sutherland is the 65-year-old computing pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland, which made high-performance graphics computers.	Sutherland was the 65-year-old computing pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland, which made high-performance graphics computers.	1
Sutherland is the 65-year-old computing pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland, which made high-performance graphics computers.	Sutherland is the 65-year-old computer pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland, which made high-performance graphics.	1
He said there was no indication, so far, that Gehring used his card for hotels, motels or other overnight stops.	He said there was no indication that Gehring used his card for hotels, motels or other overnight stops.	1
He said there was no indication, so far, that Gehring used his card for hotels, motels or other overnight stops.	He said there was no indication, so far, that Gehring used his card for hotel, motels or other overnight stops.	1
He said there was no indication, so far, that Gehring used his card for hotels, motels or other overnight stops.	He said there was no indication, so far, that Gehring used his card for hotel, motel or other overnight stops.	1
He said there was no indication, so far, that Gehring used his card for hotels, motels or other overnight stops.	He said it was not so far that Gehring used his card for hotels, motels or other overnight stops.	1
Negotiators talked with the boy for more than an hour, and SWAT officers surrounded the classroom, Bragdon said.	Negotiators talk with the boy for more than an hour, and SWAT officers surrounded the classroom, Bragdon said.	1
Negotiators talked with the boy for more than an hour, and SWAT officers surrounded the classroom, Bragdon said.	Negotiators talked to the boy for more than an hour, and SWAT officers surrounded the classroom, Bragdon said.	1
That fire, the largest wildfire in state history, charred 469,000 acres and destroyed 491 homes in surrounding communities.	Which is the largest wildfire in California history, charred 469,000 acres and destroyed 491 homes in surrounding communities.	1
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.	If he was to be exact, he listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.	1
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.	He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.	1
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.	He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toy stealing market share.	1
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.	He portrayed the LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.	1
Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	Amazon delivered over a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	1
Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	Amazon.com shipped out more than 1 million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	1
Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	Amazon.com shipped out over a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	1
Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	Amazon shipped out more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	1
Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	Amazon shipped out more than one million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	1
Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day in e-commerce history.	1
Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	Amazon shipped out more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day in e-commerce history.	1
Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	Amazon shipped out over one million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	1
Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	Amazon.com shipped out over 1 million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	1
Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	Amazon.com shipped out over a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day in e-commerce history.	1
Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	Amazon shipped out over 1 million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	1
Amazon.com shipped out more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day of a single item in e-commerce history.	Amazon shipped more than a million copies of the new book, making Saturday the largest distribution day in e-commerce history.	1
Bush said that he ordered the Treasury Department to freeze the assets after the suicide bombing in Jerusalem that killed 20 people Tuesday.	Bush said he ordered the Treasury Department to freeze the assets after the suicide bombing in Jerusalem that killed 20 people Tuesday.	1
Bush said that he ordered the Treasury Department to freeze the assets after the suicide bombing in Jerusalem that killed 20 people Tuesday.	Bush ordered the Treasury Department to freeze the assets after the suicide bombing in Jerusalem that killed 20 people Tuesday.	1
Bush said that he ordered the Treasury Department to freeze the assets after the suicide bombing in Jerusalem that killed 20 people Tuesday.	Bush says he ordered the Treasury Department to freeze the assets after the Jerusalem suicide bombing that killed 20 people Tuesday.	1
Bush said that he ordered the Treasury Department to freeze the assets after the suicide bombing in Jerusalem that killed 20 people Tuesday.	Bush ordered the Treasury Department to freeze the assets after the suicide bombing in Jerusalem that killed 20 people on Tuesday.	1
Bush said that he ordered the Treasury Department to freeze the assets after the suicide bombing in Jerusalem that killed 20 people Tuesday.	In a statement, Bush said he ordered the Treasury Department to freeze assets after the suicide bombing in Jerusalem that killed 20 people on Tuesday.	1
Bush said that he ordered the Treasury Department to freeze the assets after the suicide bombing in Jerusalem that killed 20 people Tuesday.	In a statement, Bush said that he ordered the Treasury Department to freeze the assets after the suicide bombing in Jerusalem that killed 20 people Tuesday.	1
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.	The Show's closure affected third quarter earnings per share by a penny.	1
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.	The show's closure affected third quarter earnings per share by a penny.	1
The show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.	This show's closure affected third-quarter earnings per share by a penny.	1
"A lot of these are made-up stories," Schwarzenegger told NBC television.	Some of these are made up stories, Schwarzenegger told NBC.	1
"A lot of these are made-up stories," Schwarzenegger told NBC television.	Schwarzenegger: "A lot of these are made-up stories," Schwarzenegger told NBC television.	1
He said that President Bush's proposed Clean Air Act amendment, called the Clear Skies Initiative, would result in greater efficiency and therefore less pollution.	He said that President Bush's proposed Clean Air Act amendment, called the Clear Skies Initiative, would result in greater efficiency and hence less pollution.	1
He said that President Bush's proposed Clean Air Act amendment, called the Clear Skies Initiative, would result in greater efficiency and therefore less pollution.	He said that President Bush's Clean Air Act amendment, called the Clear Skies Initiative, would result in greater efficiency and therefore less pollution.	1
He said that President Bush's proposed Clean Air Act amendment, called the Clear Skies Initiative, would result in greater efficiency and therefore less pollution.	He said President Bush's Clean Air Act amendment, called the Clear Skies Initiative, would result in greater efficiency and hence less pollution.	1
He said that President Bush's proposed Clean Air Act amendment, called the Clear Skies Initiative, would result in greater efficiency and therefore less pollution.	He said that President Bush's proposed Clean Air Act amendment, called the Clear Skies Initiative, would result in greater efficiency and thus less pollution.	1
Gates dismissed the challenge from open-source programs such as Linux, which is gaining adherents in the public and private sectors.	Gates dismissed the challenge from open-source programs such as Linux, which is gaining adherents in both the public and private sectors.	1
Gates dismissed the challenge from open-source programs such as Linux, which is gaining adherents in the public and private sectors.	Gates dismisses the challenge from open-source programs such as Linux, which is gaining adherents in the public and private sectors.	1
The global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November.	The global death toll approaching 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November.	1
The global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November.	With the world’s death toll approaching 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November.	1
The global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November.	Global death toll approach 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November.	1
The global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November.	Globally, the death toll of SARS is approaching 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the virus first appeared in southern China in November.	1
The global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November.	Global death toll approaches 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November.	1
The global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November.	The global death toll of SARS virus is approaching 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the virus first appeared in southern China in November.	1
The global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November.	Global death toll approaching 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November.	1
The global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the SARS virus first appeared in southern China in November.	As of today, the death toll from SARS virus is approaching 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the virus first appeared in southern China in November.	1
The appeal came as NATO was preparing to the take command of the 5,000 strong International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) on Monday.	NATO is preparing to take command of the 5,000 strong International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) on Monday. The appeal came as NATO was preparing to take command of the 5,000 strong International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) on Monday.	1
The appeal came as NATO was preparing to the take command of the 5,000 strong International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) on Monday.	The appeal came as NATO was preparing to take command of the 5,000 strong International Security Assistance Force (ISAF) on Monday.	1
Compared with the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.	Compared to the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.	1
Compared with the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.	Compared to the same quarter last year, Cisco made $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.	1
Compared with the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.	Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion, compared with the same quarter last year.	1
Compared with the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.	Cisco earned $729 million or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion, compared with the same quarter last year.	1
Compared with the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.	Cisco has $4.82 billion in revenue compared to the same quarter last year. Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.	1
He adds: "She started beating me with her hands about the head until I ran into the other room."	He adds: "She started beating me with her hands around the head until I ran into the other room."	1
He adds: "She started beating me with her hands about the head until I ran into the other room."	He says, "She started beating me with her hands about the head until I ran into the other room."	1
In the interview, Janet Racicot said she heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water early Saturday morning.	Janet Racicot said in the interview that she heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water early Saturday morning.	1
In the interview, Janet Racicot said she heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water early Saturday morning.	Janet Racicot said in an interview that she heard a thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water early Saturday morning.	1
After the war she spent three years in custody but tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing.	After WWII, she spent three years in custody but tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing.	1
After the war she spent three years in custody but tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing.	After the war, she spent three years in custody but tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing.	1
After the war she spent three years in custody but tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing.	After World War II, she spent three years in custody but the tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing.	1
After the war she spent three years in custody but tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing.	After World War II, she spent three years in custody but tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing.	1
After the war she spent three years in custody but tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing.	After the War, she spent three years in custody but tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing.	1
After the war she spent three years in custody but tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing.	After the World War II, she spent three years in custody but tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing.	1
After the war she spent three years in custody but tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing.	After the World War, she spent three years in custody but tribunals cleared her of any wrongdoing.	1
Jackson, 45, posted a $3 million bond and returned to Las Vegas, where he is filming a music video.	Luc Jackson, 45, posted a $3 million bond and returned to Las Vegas, where he is filming a music video.	1
Jackson, 45, posted a $3 million bond and returned to Las Vegas, where he is filming a music video.	Michael Jackson, 45, posted a $3 million bond and returned to Las Vegas, where he is filming a music video.	1
Jackson, 45, posted a $3 million bond and returned to Las Vegas, where he is filming a music video.	Michael Jackson, 45, has posted a $3 million bond and has returned to Las Vegas, where he is filming a music video.	1
Jackson, 45, posted a $3 million bond and returned to Las Vegas, where he is filming a music video.	Michael Jackson, 45, posted $3 million bond and returned to Las Vegas, where he is filming a music video.	1
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," she said.	She said: "We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks."	1
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," she said.	"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," said she.	1
"We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," she said.	We make no apologies for finding every legal way possible to protect the American public from further terrorist attacks," she said.	1
The intelligence service, headed by Fujimori's spy chief, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of torture, drug trafficking and disappearances.	The Intelligence Service, headed by Fujimori's spy chief Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of torture, drugs trafficking and disappearances.	1
"There's nothing we can do to stop" the water flow, Stegman said.	"There is nothing we can do to stop" the water flow, Stegman said.	1
Mr. Soros branded Mr. Snow's policy shift a "mistake."	Mr. Soros called Mr. Snow's policy decision a "mistake."	1
The Federal Open Market Committee meeting gets under way on Tuesday with a monetary policy decision due on Wednesday.	The Federal Open Market Committee meeting gets under way on Tuesday with a monetary policy decision due Wednesday.	1
The Federal Open Market Committee meeting gets under way on Tuesday with a monetary policy decision due on Wednesday.	The Federal Open Market Committee meets on Tuesday with a monetary policy decision due on Wednesday.	1
Rashidi Ahmad, 33, was found dead in his pickup truck after it crashed into a building at Lincolnshire and Williamsborough drives, near Franklin Boulevard.	Rashidi Ahmad, 33, was found dead in his pickup truck after it crashed into a building near Lincolnshire and Williamsborough drives, near Franklin Boulevard.	1
Both Mr Blair and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw have denied that Britain had reneged on plans to involve the UN in the reconstruction of Iraq.	Both Mr Blair and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw denied that Britain had reneged on plans to involve the UN in the reconstruction of Iraq.	1
Both Mr Blair and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw have denied that Britain had reneged on plans to involve the UN in the reconstruction of Iraq.	Both Mr Blair and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw denied that Britain had reneged on plans to include the UN in the reconstruction of Iraq.	1
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports with the remainder Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.	They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports with the rest Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.	1
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports with the remainder Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.	They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports with the remainder Iraqis and Saudis, an official said.	1
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports with the remainder Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.	They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports with the remaining Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.	1
Johnson and four other protesters were arrested soon afterward for blocking the roadway, a state misdemeanor.	Johnson and 4 other protesters were arrested soon afterward for blocking the roadway, a state misdemeanor.	1
Johnson and four other protesters were arrested soon afterward for blocking the roadway, a state misdemeanor.	Johnson and four other protesters were arrested shortly afterward for blocking the roadway, a state misdemeanor.	1
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.	The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials said Tuesday.	1
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.	The government has selected three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.	1
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.	The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.	1
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.	Government chooses three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.	1
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.	The government has selected three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.	1
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.	Government has selected three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.	1
The government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.	Government has chosen three companies to develop plans to protect commercial aircraft from shoulder-fired missile attacks, homeland security officials announced Tuesday.	1
Two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	The two Americans killed in an ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, agency officials said Tuesday.	1
Two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	The two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	1
Two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	Both Americans killed in recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	1
Two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	Two Americans were killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan, the agency said Tuesday. They were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	1
Two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	Two of the Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	1
Two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	Two Americans killed in an ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	1
Two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	Both Americans killed in an ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	1
Two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	Two Americans were killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan, the agency said Tuesday. They were contract employees of the CIA.	1
Two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	In a recent ambush in Afghanistan, two Americans were killed as contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	1
Two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	Two Americans killed in ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	1
Lu reclined in a soft chair wearing a woolly coat near the blackened capsule.	Lu reclined in a soft chair wearing a woolly coat near the blackened capsules.	1
Lu reclined in a soft chair wearing a woolly coat near the blackened capsule.	In a soft chair, Lu reclined wearing a woolly coat near the blackened capsule.	1
Lu reclined in a soft chair wearing a woolly coat near the blackened capsule.	Lu sat in a soft chair wearing a woolly coat near the blackened capsule.	1
Gov. Bob Riley proposed the budget cuts after Alabama voters rejected his $1.2 billion tax plan Sept. 9.	Gov. Bob Riley proposed budget cuts after Alabama voters rejected his $1.2 billion tax plan Sept. 9.	1
Over the weekend, NASA landed a six-wheeled robot on Mars to study the planet.	Over the weekend, NASA landed a six wheeled robot on Mars to study the planet.	1
Over the weekend, NASA landed a six-wheeled robot on Mars to study the planet.	NASA landed a six-wheeled robot on Mars over the weekend to work on the surface of Mars.	1
Mr Charlton was in the third aisle when a man in a brown suit raced past him with his hands in the air, armed with the stakes.	Mr Charlton was in the third aisle when a man in a brown suit raced past him with his hands in the air armed with the stakes.	1
On Wednesday, Judge Pollack dismissed another case, this one against Merrill Lynch investors in the firm's Global Technology Fund.	On Wednesday, Judge Pollack dismissed another case, this one against Merrill Lynch investors, in the firm's Global Technology Fund.	1
The Syrian government has said nothing in public about the raid.	Syrian government says nothing in public about the raid.	1
The Syrian government has said nothing in public about the raid.	The Syrian government has made no known statements regarding the raid.	1
Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby, Doyle said.	Hackett and Rossignol didn't know each other, and Hackett had no connection to Colby, Doyle said.	1
Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby, Doyle said.	Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other, Doyle said. Hackett had no connection to Colby.	1
Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby, Doyle said.	Hackett and Rossignol didn't know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby, Doyle said.	1
Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby, Doyle said.	Rossignol and Hackett didn't know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby, Doyle said.	1
Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby, Doyle said.	Rossignol and Hackett did not know each other. Hackett had no connection to Colby, Doyle said.	1
Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby, Doyle said.	In a statement, Hackett and Rossignol didn't know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby, Doyle said.	1
At another point, Mr. Bush said: "The choice was up to the dictator, and he chose poorly.	At another point, Mr. Bush said: "The choice was up to the dictator, and he chose poorly. "	1
"It is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but then again, I look forward to the challenge," he said.	"It probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but then again, I look forward to the challenge," he said.	1
"It is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but then again, I look forward to the challenge," he said.	I guess it is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but then again, I look forward to the challenge," he said.	1
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."	And JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."	1
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."	However, JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."	1
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."	JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."	1
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."	JT was careful to clarify that it was not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment.	1
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."	JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment"	1
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."	But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment".	1
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."	JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment".	1
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409.	Median household income fell 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409. Median household income declined 1 percent between 2001 and 2002.	1
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409.	Median household income decreased 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409.	1
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409.	Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409. That's a decline of 1 percent.	1
Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409.	Median household income declined 1.1 percent between 2001 and 2002 to $42,409. This is a slight decline of 1% between 2001 and 2002.	1
Eugene Uhl followed his father and grandfather into the military, his mother said.	Eugene Uhl followed his father and grandfather to the military, his mother said.	1
Eugene Uhl followed his father and grandfather into the military, his mother said.	Eugene Uhl followed his father and grandfather in the military, his mother said.	1
Eugene Uhl followed his father and grandfather into the military, his mother said.	Eugene Uhl went to the army with his father and grandfather, his mother said.	1
Eugene Uhl followed his father and grandfather into the military, his mother said.	Eugene Uhl follows his father and grandfather into the military, his mother said.	1
Eugene Uhl followed his father and grandfather into the military, his mother said.	Eugene Uhl joined the military. His mother said he followed his father and grandfather into the military.	1
Eugene Uhl followed his father and grandfather into the military, his mother said.	Eugene Uhl joined the military. His father and grandfather had been in the military, his mother said.	1
The main change, said Jim Walton, CNN's president, is a fundamental shift in the way CNN collects its news.	The major change, said Jim Walton, CNN's president, is a fundamental shift in the way CNN collects its news.	1
Five 17-year-olds have been charged with robbery and impersonating a police officer.	Five 17-year-olds were charged with robbery and deception of police officers.	1
Five 17-year-olds have been charged with robbery and impersonating a police officer.	Five 17 year olds have been charged with robbery and impersonating a police officer.	1
Five 17-year-olds have been charged with robbery and impersonating a police officer.	Five teenagers have been charged with robbery and impersonating a police officer.	1
Five 17-year-olds have been charged with robbery and impersonating a police officer.	Five 17-year-olds have been charged with robbery and impersonation of a police officer.	1
Five 17-year-olds have been charged with robbery and impersonating a police officer.	5 17-year-olds have been charged with robbery and impersonating a police officer.	1
Doctors have speculated that estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	Medics have speculated that estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	1
Doctors have speculated that estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	Scientists believe that estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	1
Doctors have speculated that estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	Drs have speculated that estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	1
They fear the treatment would leave 12-year-old Parker Jensen sterile and stunt his growth.	And they fear the treatment would leave 12-year-old Parker Jensen sterile and stunt his growth.	1
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	No charges have been filed in those deaths but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	1
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	No charges have been filed in the deaths. However, prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	1
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	No charges have been filed in the deaths, but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	1
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	No charges have been filed in the deaths of the victims but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	1
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	No charges have been filed in the deaths of those people, but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	1
No charges have been filed in those deaths, but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	No charges have been filed in the deaths of those killed, but prosecutor David Lupas said authorities were making progress in the case.	1
Costner plays Charlie Waite, a cowboy with a violent past.	Tom Costner plays Charlie Waite, a cowboy with a violent past.	1
Costner plays Charlie Waite, a cowboy with a violent past.	Costner plays Charlie Waite, a cowboy who has a violent past.	1
Costner plays Charlie Waite, a cowboy with a violent past.	Kevin Costner plays Charlie Waite, a cowboy with a violent past.	1
Costner plays Charlie Waite, a cowboy with a violent past.	Costner plays a cowboy named Charlie Waite. He plays a cowboy with a violent past.	1
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh, 52, said during a stunning admission aired nationwide.	"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh, 52, said During a breathtaking admission aired nationwide.	1
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh, 52, said during a stunning admission aired nationwide.	"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh, 52, said during a breathtaking admission aired nationwide.	1
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh, 52, said during a stunning admission aired nationwide.	"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh, 52, said in a stunning admission aired nationwide.	1
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh, 52, said during a stunning admission aired nationwide.	If you know me, I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh, 52, said during a stunning admission aired nationwide.	1
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh, 52, said during a stunning admission aired nationwide.	I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh, 52, said during a stunning admission aired nationwide.	1
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh, 52, said during a stunning admission aired nationwide.	I've always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh, 52, said during a stunning admission aired nationwide.	1
The Turkish troops also could be targets for attack, the ambassador acknowledged.	Turkish troops are also likely to be targets for attack, ambassador said.	1
You can reach her at (248) 647-7221 or send e-mail to lberman@detnews.com.	She can be reached at (248) 647-7221 or send e-mail to lberman@detnews.com.	1
The indictment ``strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world,'' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.	The indictment strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world'', said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.	1
The indictment ``strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world,'' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.	The indictment "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world'', said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.	1
The indictment ``strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world,'' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.	The indictment strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world'' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.	1
The indictment ``strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world,'' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.	The indictment "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world,'' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.	1
The indictment ``strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world,'' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.	The indictment "strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world", said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.	1
The indictment ``strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world,'' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.	The indictment strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world,'' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.	1
Lee, 33, told the newspaper that the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom, where he found her.	Lee, 33, told the newspaper that the girl had dragged the food, toys and other things into her mother's bedroom where he found her.	1
Microsoft presented several options at the meeting, the consortium said in the statement.	Microsoft presented several options in the meeting, the consortium said in the statement.	1
Microsoft presented several options at the meeting, the consortium said in the statement.	Microsoft discussed several options at the meeting, the consortium said in the statement.	1
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.	Some 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of them in the last three weeks.	1
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.	About 25 governments signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.	1
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.	About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of them in the last three weeks.	1
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.	A total of about 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.	1
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.	A total of 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.	1
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.	Around 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.	1
About 25 governments have signed in the last four months, about half of those in the last three weeks.	In the last four months, about 25 governments have signed, about half of those in the last three weeks.	1
"The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role," said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement.	The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role," said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement.	1
"The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role," said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement.	"The Committee will define the role of interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role," said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement.	1
"The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role," said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement.	The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role, said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement.	1
"The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role," said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement.	"The committee will define the role of interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role," said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement.	1
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.	Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.	1
Some 55 gang members and associates were arrested in a coordinated sweep across the West on Wednesday, some for charges not related to the casino brawl.	About 55 gang members and associates were arrested in a coordinated sweep across the West on Wednesday, some for charges not related to the casino brawl.	1
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius just released National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	1
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius has begun carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	1
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius has begun receiving National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition".	1
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius has just begun carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	1
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius recently started carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	1
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition".	1
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius has begun carrying national public radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	1
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius recently started carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition".	1
At the hearing yesterday, High Court Judge Frank Kapanda ordered the men immediately released on bail, evidently unaware they had already left the country.	At the hearing yesterday, the High Court Judge Frank Kapanda ordered the men immediately released on bail, evidently unaware they had already left the country.	1
Former Secretary of State Bill Jones has also expressed interest in the race but has not yet announced plans.	Former Secretary of State Bill Jones has expressed interest in the race but has not yet announced plans to run.	1
Former Secretary of State Bill Jones has also expressed interest in the race but has not yet announced plans.	Former Secretary of State Bill Jones has expressed interest in the race but has not yet announced plans for it.	1
Former Secretary of State Bill Jones has also expressed interest in the race but has not yet announced plans.	Former Secretary of State Bill Jones has expressed interest in the race but has not yet announced plans for the race.	1
Former Secretary of State Bill Jones has also expressed interest in the race but has not yet announced plans.	Former Secretary of State Bill Jones has expressed interest in the race but has not yet announced plans.	1
Former Secretary of State Bill Jones has also expressed interest in the race but has not yet announced plans.	Former Secretary of State Bill Jones is also interested in the race but has not yet announced plans to run.	1
Lt. Scotty Smither, a county firefighter, was struck by lightning.	Lt. Scotty Smither, a county firefighter, was hit by lightning.	1
Lt. Scotty Smither, a county firefighter, was struck by lightning.	Lieutenant Scotty Smither, a county firefighter, was struck by lightning.	1
Johnsons site is www.katyjohnson .com. Maxs is www.tuckermax.com.	The Johnsons site is www.katyjohnson.com. Maxs site is www.tuckermax.com.	1
Johnsons site is www.katyjohnson .com. Maxs is www.tuckermax.com.	Johnson's site is www.katyjohnson.com and Maxs site is www.tuckermax.com.	1
Johnsons site is www.katyjohnson .com. Maxs is www.tuckermax.com.	Johnsons site is www.katyjohnson.com. Maxs site is www.tuckermax.com.	1
Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.	What's more, gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.	1
Trade deals between manufacturers and grocery retailers or distributors have long been governed by complicated contracts that offer retailers discounts, money for advertising or payments for prominent shelf space.	Trade deals between manufacturer and grocery retailers or distributors have long been governed by complicated contracts that offer retailers discounts, money for advertising or payments for prominent shelf space.	1
Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte, I believe theres no place but Lowes Motor Speedway that can do it justice.	Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte, I believe theres no place but Lowe's Motor Speedway that can do it justice.	1
Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte, I believe theres no place but Lowes Motor Speedway that can do it justice.	Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte, I believe there is no place but Lowe's Motor Speedway that can do it justice.	1
Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte, I believe theres no place but Lowes Motor Speedway that can do it justice.	Based on the history and success of The Winston in Charlotte, I believe there is no place but Lowes Motor Speedway that can do it justice.	1
It was the first speech by a US president to a joint session of the Philippines Congress since 1960.	That was the first speech by a US president to a joint session of the Philippines Congress since 1960.	1
We think they have the right to choose.	We think they have the right to decide.	1
Pressed for details, Mr Warner said: "All six of them are dead, we were told by Harold and his group".	When asked for details, Mr Warner said: "All six of them are dead, we were told by Harold and his group."	1
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.	However, both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.	1
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.	Both government and rebels have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.	1
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.	Both Government and Rebels have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.	1
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.	Both rebel and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.	1
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.	Both the rebels and the government have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.	1
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.	Both the rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.	1
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.	Both the rebels and the government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.	1
He worked out how to get through the bone with his cheap "multitool"-type knife, made duller from futile attempts to scratch away at the rock.	With a cheap "multitool"-type knife, he worked out how to get through the bone with his cheap "multitool", made duller from futile attempts to scratch away at the rock.	1
He worked out how to get through the bone with his cheap "multitool"-type knife, made duller from futile attempts to scratch away at the rock.	He worked out how to get through bone with his cheap "multitool"-type knife, made duller from futile attempts to scratch away at the rock.	1
He worked out how to get through the bone with his cheap "multitool"-type knife, made duller from futile attempts to scratch away at the rock.	He worked out how to get through the bone with his cheap "multitool" type knife, made duller from futile attempts to scratch away at the rock.	1
He worked out how to get through the bone with his cheap "multitool"-type knife, made duller from futile attempts to scratch away at the rock.	Using a cheap, "multitool"-type knife, he worked out how to get through the bone. He made duller from futile attempts to scratch away at the rock.	1
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.	The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index climbed 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.	1
The juvenile arrested yesterday allegedly authored a variant of the worm known as "RPCSDBOT."	The juvenile arrested yesterday allegedly authored a variant of the worm known as RPCSDBOT.	1
The juvenile arrested yesterday allegedly authored a variant of the worm known as "RPCSDBOT."	The juvenile arrested yesterday allegedly authored a variant of the worm known as "RPCSDBOT"	1
The juvenile arrested yesterday allegedly authored a variant of the worm known as "RPCSDBOT."	The juvenile arrested yesterday allegedly authored a variant of the worm known as "RPCSDBOT".	1
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as a stance against terrorism.", he added.	1
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	I think it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as a stance against terrorism" he replied.	1
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	"I think it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	1
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	"I believe it is my duty to represent Australia but the people of the world as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	1
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism", he said.	1
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism", he said.	1
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he said.	1
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism" he replied.	1
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one stance against terrorism," he said.	1
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he added.	1
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	"I believe it is my duty not only to represent Australia but the people of the world as one in a stance against terrorism," he replied.	1
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	1
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one stance against terrorism," he replied.	1
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism", he replied.	1
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	I believe it is my duty not only to represent Australia but the people of the world as a stance against terrorism," he said.	1
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one in a stance against terrorism" he said.	1
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	I believe it is my duty not only to represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	1
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism", he replied.	1
A draft statement, obtained by Reuters on Friday, stopped short of endorsing the U.S. charge but said some aspects of Iran's programme raised "serious concern".	The draft statement, obtained by Reuters on Friday, stopped short of endorsing the U.S. charge but said some aspects of Iran's program raised "serious concern".	1
Jim Eisenbrandt, Wittig's attorney, also was not available for comment immediately; his secretary said he was reviewing the report.	Jim Eisenbrandt, Wittig's attorney, did not immediately respond; his secretary said he was reviewing the report.	1
British ministers have been asked to explain why they gave undue prominence to the claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy chemical or biological weapons "within 45 minutes".	British ministers are asked to explain why they gave undue prominence to the claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy chemical or biological weapons "in 45 minutes".	1
British ministers have been asked to explain why they gave undue prominence to the claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy chemical or biological weapons "within 45 minutes".	British Ministers have been asked to explain why they gave undue prominence to the claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy chemical or biological weapons within 45 minutes.	1
British ministers have been asked to explain why they gave undue prominence to the claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy chemical or biological weapons "within 45 minutes".	British ministers have been asked to explain why they gave undue prominence to the claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy chemical or biological weapons "within 45 minutes"	1
British ministers have been asked to explain why they gave undue prominence to the claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy chemical or biological weapons "within 45 minutes".	British ministers are being asked to explain why they gave undue prominence to the claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy chemical or biological weapons "within 45 minutes".	1
During this year's August to October quarter, Lowe's opened 38 new stores, including two relocations.	This year's August to October quarter, Lowe's opened 38 new stores, including two relocations.	1
SCO intends to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully paid-for way, he said.	SCO intends to provide them with options to help them run Linux in a legal and fully paid-for way, he said.	1
SCO intends to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully paid-for way, he said.	SCO intends to provide them choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully paid-for way, he said.	1
SCO intends to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully paid-for way, he said.	SCO intends to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully paid way, he said.	1
Bush said the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an intensive effort to support the still unproven claim that Saddam had forbidden weapons.	Bush says the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an intensive effort to support the still unproven claim that Saddam had forbidden weapons	1
Bush said the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an intensive effort to support the still unproven claim that Saddam had forbidden weapons.	Bush said the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqi in an intensive effort to support the still unproven claim that Saddam had forbidden weapons.	1
Bush said the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an intensive effort to support the still unproven claim that Saddam had forbidden weapons.	Bush said the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an intensive effort to support the still unproven claim that Saddam had forbidden weapons	1
Bush said the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an intensive effort to support the still unproven claim that Saddam had forbidden weapons.	Bush said that the United States was reviewing documents and interviewing Iraqis in an intensive effort to support the still unproven claim that Saddam had forbidden weapons.	1
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.	South Asia follows, with 1.1 million youths infected — 62 percent of them women.	1
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.	South Asia follows, with 1.1 million youth infected — 62 percent of them female.	1
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.	South Asia follows, with 1.1 million youths infected — 62 percent of them female.	1
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.	South Asia follows, with 1.1 million youths infected, 62 percent of them women.	1
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.	South Asia follows, with 1.1 million youths infected, with 62 percent of them female.	1
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.	South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected, with 62 percent of them being female.	1
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.	South Asia follows, with 1.1 million youths infected, 62 percent of them female.	1
Researchers have identified roughly 130 genes on chromosome six that may predispose humans to certain diseases.	Scientists have identified roughly 130 genes on chromosome six that can predispose us to certain diseases.	1
Researchers have identified roughly 130 genes on chromosome six that may predispose humans to certain diseases.	Researchers identified roughly 130 genes on chromosome six that may predispose humans to certain diseases.	1
Researchers have identified roughly 130 genes on chromosome six that may predispose humans to certain diseases.	Scientists have identified roughly 130 genes on chromosome six that may predispose humans to certain diseases.	1
Researchers have identified roughly 130 genes on chromosome six that may predispose humans to certain diseases.	On chromosome six, researchers have identified roughly 130 genes that may predispose humans to certain diseases.	1
Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas told Palestinian Satellite TV the helicopter strike was a "terrorist attack."	Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas told Palestinian Satellite TV that the helicopter strike was a "terrorist attack."	1
Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas told Palestinian Satellite TV the helicopter strike was a "terrorist attack."	Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas told Palestinian Satellite TV that the helicopter strike was a terrorist attack.	1
Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas told Palestinian Satellite TV the helicopter strike was a "terrorist attack."	Palestinian prime minister Mahmoud Abbas told Palestinian Satellite TV that the helicopter strike was a terrorist attack.	1
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".	Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".	1
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".	Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that "the U.S. economy could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth."	1
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".	Government bonds sold sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".	1
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".	Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth.	1
A picture of the doctor's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer just two weeks after George died.	The National Enquirer has a picture of the doctor's son holding the guitar just two weeks after George died.	1
A picture of the doctor's son holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer just two weeks after George died.	In the National Enquirer a picture of the doctor's son holding the guitar appeared just two weeks after George died.	1
Mayor Mike Bloomberg weighs in former football star William 'The Refrigerator' Perry for the 88th annual Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest.	Mayor Mike Bloomberg weighs in former football star William 'The Refrigerator' Perry for the 88th annual Nathan's Famous 4th of July hot dog Eating Contest.	1
Mayor Mike Bloomberg weighs in former football star William 'The Refrigerator' Perry for the 88th annual Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest.	Mayor Mike Bloomberg weighs in former football star William "The Refrigerator" Perry for the 88th annual Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest.	1
Mayor Mike Bloomberg weighs in former football star William 'The Refrigerator' Perry for the 88th annual Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest.	Mayor Mike Bloomberg weighs in former football star William "The Refrigerator" Perry for the 88th annual Nathan's Famous 4th of July Hot Dog Eating Contest.	1
Mayor Mike Bloomberg weighs in former football star William 'The Refrigerator' Perry for the 88th annual Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest.	Mayor Mike Bloomberg weighs in former football star William "The Refrigerator" Perry for the 88th annual Nathan's Famous Fourth of July hot dog Eating Contest.	1
Stocks had surged on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence.	Stocks surged on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence.	1
Stocks had surged on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence.	The stock had surged on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and a surge in consumer confidence.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> declined 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC> declined 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> declined 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC> declined 25,78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84.	1
A senior Administration official who briefed journalists on Friday said neither Mr Bush nor National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice read the estimate in its entirety.	According to a senior administration official who briefed journalists on Friday, neither Mr Bush nor National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice read the estimate in its entirety.	1
A senior Administration official who briefed journalists on Friday said neither Mr Bush nor National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice read the estimate in its entirety.	During the briefing of journalists on Friday, a senior administration official who briefed reporters said neither Mr Bush nor National Security Adviser Condoleezza Rice read the estimate in its entirety.	1
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.	Shares of Mandalay closed down 8 cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.	1
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.	The shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.	1
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.	Before the earnings announcement, shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42.	1
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.	Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42 before the earnings were announced.	1
Shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42, before the earnings were announced.	Before the earnings were announced, shares of Mandalay closed down eight cents to $29.42.	1
Three each came from Africa, Asia and Latin America.	Three each come from Africa, Asia and Latin America.	1
Three each came from Africa, Asia and Latin America.	Three of these were from Latin America, Africa, and Asia.	1
Three each came from Africa, Asia and Latin America.	3 each came from Africa, Asia and Latin America.	1
Three each came from Africa, Asia and Latin America.	The three came from Africa, Asia and Latin America.	1
Muhammad will stand trial for the Oct. 9 slaying of Dean Harold Meyers, 53.	Muhammad will stand trial for the Oct. 9 killing of Dean Harold Meyers, 53.	1
You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys who are out there competing with you."	"You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys out there competing with you."	1
You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys who are out there competing with you."	"You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys who are out there competing with you."	1
You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys who are out there competing with you."	You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys who are out there competing with you. "You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys who are out there competing with you."	1
You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys who are out there competing with you."	You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys who are out there competing with you"	1
You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys who are out there competing with you."	You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys out there competing with you."	1
Poland has finished assembling a 9,200-strong multinational stabilisation force it will command in central and southern Iraq, Defence Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Wednesday.	Poland finished assembling its 9,200-strong multinational stabilisation force it will command in central and southern Iraq, Defence Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Wednesday.	1
Poland has finished assembling a 9,200-strong multinational stabilisation force it will command in central and southern Iraq, Defence Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Wednesday.	Poland has finished assembling a 9.200-strong multinational stabilisation force it will command in central and southern Iraq, defence Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Wednesday.	1
Poland has finished assembling a 9,200-strong multinational stabilisation force it will command in central and southern Iraq, Defence Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Wednesday.	Poland has completed assembling a 9,200-strong multinational stabilisation force it will command in central and southern Iraq, defence minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Wednesday.	1
Poland has finished assembling a 9,200-strong multinational stabilisation force it will command in central and southern Iraq, Defence Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Wednesday.	Poland has finished assembling the 9,200-strong multinational stabilisation force it will command in central and southern Iraq, Defence Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Wednesday.	1
Poland has finished assembling a 9,200-strong multinational stabilisation force it will command in central and southern Iraq, Defence Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Wednesday.	Poland has completed assembling a 9,200-strong multinational stabilisation force it will command in central and southern Iraq, defence Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Wednesday.	1
Poland has finished assembling a 9,200-strong multinational stabilisation force it will command in central and southern Iraq, Defence Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Wednesday.	Poland has completed assembling a 9,200-strong multinational stabilisation force it will command in central and southern Iraq, Defence Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Wednesday.	1
Poland has finished assembling a 9,200-strong multinational stabilisation force it will command in central and southern Iraq, Defence Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Wednesday.	Poland has finished assembling a 9.200-strong multinational stabilisation force it will command in central and southern Iraq, Defence Minister Jerzy Szmajdzinski said on Wednesday.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	Standard & Poor's 500 index ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	the broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51 ending at its highest since late June 2002.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	For the day, the broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	In the broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX, the value of the index.SPX ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	The broader Standard and Poor's 500 Index.SPX ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	Standard & Poor's 500 index (.SPX) ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	Earlier this month, the broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	1
Shares in Tellabs were up 16 cents, or 2.2 percent, at $7.34 in morning trading on Nasdaq.	Tellabs shares were up 16 cents, or 2.2 percent, at $7.34 in morning trading on Nasdaq.	1
Shares in Tellabs were up 16 cents, or 2.2 percent, at $7.34 in morning trading on Nasdaq.	Shares of Tellabs were up 16 cents, or 2.2 percent, at $7.34 in the morning trading on Nasdaq.	1
Shares in Tellabs were up 16 cents, or 2.2 percent, at $7.34 in morning trading on Nasdaq.	Shares of Tellabs were up 16 cents, or 2.2 percent, at $7.34 in morning trading on Nasdaq.	1
Shares in Tellabs were up 16 cents, or 2.2 percent, at $7.34 in morning trading on Nasdaq.	Shares in Tellabs were up 16 cents or 2.2 percent, at $7.34 in morning trading on Nasdaq.	1
Shares in Tellabs were up 16 cents, or 2.2 percent, at $7.34 in morning trading on Nasdaq.	Shares of Tellabs were up 16 cents or 2.2 percent at $7.34 in morning trading on Nasdaq.	1
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.	Sony said PSP would also feature a 4.5 inch LCD screen and would also feature a Memory Stick expansion slot.	1
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.	Sony revealed that its new PSP would also include a 4.5-inch LCD screen and memory stick expansion slots.	1
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.	Sony also confirmed the PSP will feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen and expandable memory sticks.	1
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.	Sony says the PSP will also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, and memory stick expansion slots.	1
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.	Sony also revealed that the PSP will have a 4.5-inch LCD screen, an SD card slot, and a memory stick.	1
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.	Sony said the PSP will also have a 4.5-inch LCD screen and would feature a Memory Stick expansion slot.	1
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.	Sony said that the PSP will come with a 4.5-inch LCD screen and will also support Memory Stick expansion.	1
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.	Sony says PSP will feature a 4.5 inch LCD screen and memory card expansion slots.	1
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.	Sony announced that the PSP would have a 4.5-inch LCD screen, memory slots and a Memory Stick expansion slot.	1
Columbine gunman Dylan Klebold is shown firing a sawed-off shotgun in a video tape released by the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department.	Columbine gunman Dylan Klebold is shown firing a sawed-off shotgun, according to a video released by the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department.	1
Columbine gunman Dylan Klebold is shown firing a sawed-off shotgun in a video tape released by the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department.	In a video tape released in the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department, Columbine gunman Dylan Klebold is shown shooting a sawed-off shotgun.	1
Columbine gunman Dylan Klebold is shown firing a sawed-off shotgun in a video tape released by the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department.	In a video tape released by the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department, Columbine gunman Dylan Klebold is shown firing a sawed-off shotgun.	1
The yield fell 2 basis points to 1.41 percent, after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8, the lowest since March 12.	The yield fell 2 basis points to 1,41 percent, after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8, the lowest since March 12.	1
The yield fell 2 basis points to 1.41 percent, after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8, the lowest since March 12.	The yield fell 2 basis points to 1.41 percent after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8, the lowest since March 12.	1
The yield fell 2 basis points to 1.41 percent, after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8, the lowest since March 12.	The yield fell 2 basis points to 1.41 percent, after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8. The lowest since March 12.	1
The yield fell 2 basis points to 1.41 percent, after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8, the lowest since March 12.	The yield fell 2 basis points to 1.41 percent, after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8, the lowest since March 12th.	1
The yield fell 2 basis points to 1.41 percent, after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8, the lowest since March 12.	The yield fell 2 basis points to 1.41 percent, after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8, the lowest since March 12. The yield fell 2 basis points to 1.41 percent, after reaching 1.4 percent on May 8.	1
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most--performers who have a hard time lining up work.	The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help the most --performers who have a hard time lining up work.	1
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most--performers who have a hard time lining up work.	The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help the most--performers who have a hard time lining up work.	1
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most--performers who have a hard time lining up work.	Artists say they will harm French culture and punish those who need help most--performers who have a hard time lining up work.	1
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most--performers who have a hard time lining up work.	Artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most--performers who have a hard time lining up work.	1
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most--performers who have a hard time lining up work.	According to artists, the artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most--performers who have a hard time lining up work.	1
Excluding the impact of accounting changes, Ford would have earned 13 cents a share.	Ford will have earned 13 cents for the share. Excluding the impact of accounting changes, Ford would have earned 13 cents for the share.	1
Sharon says he is willing to free the two as holding them will not bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran.	Sharon says he is willing to release the two as holding them will not bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran.	1
Sharon says he is willing to free the two as holding them will not bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran.	Sharon says he is willing to free the two but will not bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran.	1
Sharon says he is willing to free the two as holding them will not bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran.	Sharon says he is willing to free the two as holding them won't bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran.	1
Sharon says he is willing to free the two as holding them will not bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran.	Sharon says he will free the two as holding them will not bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran.	1
PeopleSoft also said it expects the acquisition to close in the third calendar quarter of 2003.	PeopleSoft said it expects the acquisition to close in the third calendar quarter of 2003.	1
PeopleSoft also said it expects the acquisition to close in the third calendar quarter of 2003.	PeopleSoft added it expects the acquisition to close in the third calendar quarter of 2003.	1
PeopleSoft also said it expects the acquisition to close in the third calendar quarter of 2003.	PeopleSoft announced that it expects the acquisition to close in the third calendar quarter of 2003.	1
PeopleSoft also said it expects the acquisition to close in the third calendar quarter of 2003.	PeopleSoft has also said it expects the acquisition to close in the third calendar quarter of 2003.	1
The dollar was also helped by concerns about possible yen- selling intervention by Japanese authorities.	The U.S. Dollar was also supported by concerns about possible yen-selling intervention by Japanese authorities.	1
The dollar was also helped by concerns about possible yen- selling intervention by Japanese authorities.	The US Dollar was also helped by concerns about possible yen-selling intervention by Japanese authorities.	1
The dollar was also helped by concerns about possible yen- selling intervention by Japanese authorities.	Dollar was also helped by concerns about possible yen-selling intervention by Japanese authorities.	1
The dollar was also helped by concerns about possible yen- selling intervention by Japanese authorities.	The dollar was also helped by concerns about possible yen-selling intervention by Japanese authorities.	1
State health officials said Monday a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.	The state health officials said Monday a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.	1
State health officials said Monday a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.	State health officials said Monday a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first monkeypox case among humans or animals.	1
State health officials said Monday a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.	Statewide health officials said Monday a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.	1
State health officials said Monday a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.	A young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals. State health officials said Monday a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.	1
"It's hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision."	Is it hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision?	1
"It's hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision."	Is it hard to believe that we live in a society where parents would not be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision."	1
"It's hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision."	It's hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision."	1
"It's hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision."	Is it hard to believe that we live in a society where parents would not be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision?"	1
"It's hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision."	Is it hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of abortion, which is a very profound decision."	1
"It's hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision."	Is it hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision?"	1
"It's hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision."	Is it hard to believe we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision."	1
"It's hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision."	How hard is it to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision."	1
After hours of debate, the Senate passed the reform package 32-4.	After more than two hours of debate, the Senate passed the reform package 32-4.	1
After hours of debate, the Senate passed the reform package 32-4.	After a few hours of debate, the Senate passed the reform package 32-4.	1
Despite such optimism, Taiwan's SARS crisis threatened to whirl out of control this month.	Taiwan's SARS crisis threatens to whirl out of control this month, despite such optimism.	1
Despite such optimism, Taiwan's SARS crisis threatened to whirl out of control this month.	Despite these optimism, Taiwan's SARS crisis threatened to whirl out of control this month.	1
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely . . . that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."	Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely.... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."	1
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely . . . that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."	Baer said he concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida"	1
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely . . . that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."	Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."	1
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely . . . that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."	Baer said that he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."	1
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, by J.K. Rowling, Scholastic, 870 pages, $29.99.	Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, by J.K Rowling, Scholastic, 870 pages, $29.99.	1
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, by J.K. Rowling, Scholastic, 870 pages, $29.99.	Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, ed. by J.K. Rowling, Scholastic, 870 pages, $29.99.	1
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, by J.K. Rowling, Scholastic, 870 pages, $29.99.	Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, ed. J.K Rowling, Scholastic, 870 pages, $29.99.	1
Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix, by J.K. Rowling, Scholastic, 870 pages, $29.99.	Harry Potter and the Order of The Phoenix, by J.K Rowling, Scholastic, 870 pages, $29.99.	1
A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.	A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little known Bill Clinton to national prominence.	1
A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.	In Florida, a 1991 straw poll helped spark a little known Bill Clinton to become a household name.	1
A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.	One 1991 Florida straw poll helped Catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.	1
A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.	An 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.	1
A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.	In Florida, a 1991 straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.	1
A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.	In 1991, a Florida straw poll helped to catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.	1
A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.	In 1991, a Florida straw poll helped a lesser known politician, Bill Clinton, into national prominence.	1
A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.	The 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.	1
A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.	In 1991, a Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.	1
A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.	In Florida, a 1991 straw poll helped a little-known Bill Clinton to rise to national prominence.	1
Clinton did not mention that two Democratic senators, Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky, voted to shelve the McCain bill.	Clinton didn't mention that two Democratic senators, Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky, voted to shelve the McCain bill.	1
Clinton did not mention that two Democratic senators, Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky, voted to shelve the McCain bill.	Clinton also did not mention that two Democratic Senators, Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky, voted to shelve the McCain bill.	1
Clinton did not mention that two Democratic senators, Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky, voted to shelve the McCain bill.	Clinton didn't mention that two Democratic senators, Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky, voted to rescind the McCain bill.	1
Clinton did not mention that two Democratic senators, Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky, voted to shelve the McCain bill.	Clinton doesn't mention that two Democratic senators, Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky, voted to shelve the McCain bill.	1
"Our own history should remind us that the union of democratic principle and practice is always a work in progress," Rice said in reference to Iraq.	"We own history should remind us that the union of democratic principle and practice is always a work in progress," Rice said in reference to Iraq.	1
"Our own history should remind us that the union of democratic principle and practice is always a work in progress," Rice said in reference to Iraq.	"Our own history should remind us that the union of democratic principles and practice is always a work in progress," Rice said in reference to Iraq.	1
"Our own history should remind us that the union of democratic principle and practice is always a work in progress," Rice said in reference to Iraq.	Our own history should remind us that the union of democratic principle and practice is always a work in progress," Rice said in reference to Iraq.	1
He was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and dealing arms without a licence.	He was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and dealing arms without licence.	1
He was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and dealing arms without a licence.	The man was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and dealing arms without licence.	1
He was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and dealing arms without a licence.	A man was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and dealing arms without licence.	1
In Lytle Creek Canyon, a 4-foot-high mud flow crossed a road, trapping a car.	In Lytle Creek Canyon, a 4-foot-high mud flow crossed the road and caught a car.	1
However, prosecutors have declined to take criminal action against guards, though Fine said his inquiry is not finished.	Nevertheless, prosecutors declined to take criminal action against guards, though Fine said his inquiry is not finished.	1
However, prosecutors have declined to take criminal action against guards, though Fine said his inquiry is not finished.	However, prosecutors declined to take criminal action against guards, though Fine said his inquiry is not finished.	1
However, prosecutors have declined to take criminal action against guards, though Fine said his inquiry is not finished.	But prosecutors have declined to take criminal action against guards, though Fine said his inquiry is not finished.	1
About 18 percent of men taking finasteride developed prostate cancer, compared with 24 percent on placebo.	When taking finasteride, about 18 percent of men developed prostate cancer, compared to 24 percent on placebo.	1
About 18 percent of men taking finasteride developed prostate cancer, compared with 24 percent on placebo.	About 18 percent of men taking finasteride developed prostate cancer, compared to 24 percent on placebo.	1
About 18 percent of men taking finasteride developed prostate cancer, compared with 24 percent on placebo.	On finasteride, about 18 percent of men developed prostate cancer, compared with 24 percent on placebo.	1
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."	Justices said that the Constitution allowed the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."	1
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."	The Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."	1
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."	Justices said the Constitution allowed the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."	1
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."	Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances".	1
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."	In their opinion, the Justices ruled that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only in limited circumstances.	1
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."	Justices said the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."	1
Justices said that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances."	The Justices ruled that the Constitution allows the government to administer drugs only "in limited circumstances".	1
Dr. Greg Robinson -- an AIDS patient -- left Health Canada's advisory committee because of inconsistencies in pot access.	Dr. Greg Robinson -- an AIDS patient -- quit Health Canada's advisory committee because of inconsistencies in pot access.	1
Dr. Greg Robinson -- an AIDS patient -- left Health Canada's advisory committee because of inconsistencies in pot access.	Dr. Greg Robinson - an AIDS patient - left Health Canada's advisory committee because of inconsistencies in pot access.	1
Dr. Greg Robinson -- an AIDS patient -- left Health Canada's advisory committee because of inconsistencies in pot access.	Dr. Greg Robinson - an AIDS patient -- left Health Canada's advisory committee because of inconsistencies in pot access.	1
Dr. Greg Robinson -- an AIDS patient -- left Health Canada's advisory committee because of inconsistencies in pot access.	Dr. Greg Robinson, AIDS patient, left Health Canada's advisory committee because of inconsistencies in pot access.	1
Dr. Greg Robinson -- an AIDS patient -- left Health Canada's advisory committee because of inconsistencies in pot access.	Dr. Greg Robinson, an AIDS patient, left Health Canada's advisory committee because of inconsistencies in pot access.	1
Some of the company's software developers will join Microsoft, but details haven't been finalized, said Mike Nash, corporate vice president of Microsoft's security business unit.	Some software developers are coming to Microsoft, but the details haven't been finalized, said Mike Nash, corporate vice president of Microsoft's security business unit.	1
Some of the company's software developers will join Microsoft, but details haven't been finalized, said Mike Nash, corporate vice president of Microsoft's security business unit.	Some software developers will join Microsoft, but details haven't been finalized, said Mike Nash, corporate vice president of Microsoft's security business unit.	1
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."	Dow Jones Industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December"	1
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."	Dow Jones Industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December.	1
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."	Dow Jones Industrials briefly exceeded the 9,000 mark for the first time since December.	1
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."	"The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December"	1
Peter Lyman and Hal Varian of Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.	In Berkeley's School of Information Management and Systems Peter Lyman and Hal Varian say that information production has increased by 30 percent each year between 1999 and 2002.	1
The league said it is not taking a position on whether Governor Gray Davis should be recalled in the Oct. 7 voting, and will not endorse a replacement candidate.	The league announced that it is not taking a position on whether Governor Gray Davis should be recalled in the Oct. 7 voting, and will not endorse a replacement candidate.	1
The league said it is not taking a position on whether Governor Gray Davis should be recalled in the Oct. 7 voting, and will not endorse a replacement candidate.	The league has confirmed that it is not taking a position on whether Governor Gray Davis should be recalled in the Oct. 7 voting, and will not endorse a replacement candidate.	1
In 1999, NIST found, the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.	In 1999, NIST found that the port authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.	1
In 1999, NIST found, the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.	From 1999, NIST found, the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.	1
In 1999, NIST found, the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.	In 1999, NIST found that the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.	1
In 1999, NIST found, the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.	In 1999, NIST found that, the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.	1
Mr Annan said terrorism "will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it".	Mr. Annan said "terrorism will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it"	1
Mr Annan said terrorism "will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it".	Mr. Annan said that terrorism "will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it".	1
Mr Annan said terrorism "will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it".	Mr. Annan said terrorism will only be defeated if we act to resolve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it. "	1
Mr Annan said terrorism "will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it".	Mr Annan said terrorism would only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it".	1
Mr Annan said terrorism "will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it".	"Terrorism will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it", Mr Annan said.	1
Mr Annan said terrorism "will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it".	Mr. Annan said terrorism would only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it."	1
Mr Annan said terrorism "will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it".	Mr. Annan said terrorism will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it".	1
Mr Annan said terrorism "will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it".	In his quote, Mr. Mr. Annan said terrorism would only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it".	1
Mr Annan said terrorism "will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it".	"The terrorism will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it", said Mr. Annan.	1
Mr Annan said terrorism "will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it".	Mr. Annan said terrorism would only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it".	1
Smackdown, first organized by WWE, registered more than 400,000 voters for the 2000 presidential election.	Smackdown, first organized by WWE, registered over 400,000 voters for the 2000 presidential election.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.	1
"He did a bad job going up there," Mr. Villalona said.	"He did a bad job going up there", said Mr. Villalona.	1
"He did a bad job going up there," Mr. Villalona said.	"He did a bad job going up there," said Mr. Villalona.	1
"He did a bad job going up there," Mr. Villalona said.	He did a bad job going up there, Mr. Villalona said.	1
"He did a bad job going up there," Mr. Villalona said.	He did a bad job going up there, says Mr. Villalona.	1
"He did a bad job going up there," Mr. Villalona said.	He did a bad job going up there," Mr. Villalona said.	1
"Michael is innocent," Jackson's mother, Katherine, said in a written statement.	"Michael is innocent," Jackson's mother, Katherine, said in a written statement. "He was innocent."	1
The German financial regulator, BaFin, may prove critical of WestLB's risk assessment.	German financial regulator, BaFin, may prove critical of WestLB's risk assessment.	1
The German financial regulator, BaFin, may prove critical of WestLB's risk assessment.	German Financial regulator, BaFin, may prove critical of WestLB's risk assessment.	1
U.S. President George W. Bush said "the nation lost a great citizen" with Hope's death.	President George W. Bush said: "The nation lost a great citizen" with Hope's death.	1
U.S. President George W. Bush said "the nation lost a great citizen" with Hope's death.	George W. Bush said the nation lost a great citizen with Hope's death.	1
An Associated Press report is included.	An Associated Press article is included.	1
An Associated Press report is included.	A Associated Press report is included.	1
The manufacturers include Fujitsu Ltd., Mitsubishi Electric Corp., Motorola Japan Ltd., NEC Corp., Panasonic Mobile Communications Co. Ltd., and Sharp Corp.	The manufacturers include Fujitsu Ltd., Mitsubishi Electric Corp., Motorola Japan Ltd., NEC Corp., Panasonic Mobile Communications Co. Ltd., Sharp Corp.	1
Nor has it said how many astronauts will be on board, through there reportedly will be between one and three.	Nor has it said how many astronauts will be on board, though there reportedly will be between one and three.	1
The euro rose as high as $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in early Asian trading before standing at $1.1525/30 .	The euro rose as high as $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in early Asian trading before standing at $1.1525/30.	1
The euro rose as high as $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in early Asian trading before standing at $1.1525/30 .	In early Asian trading the Euro rose as high as $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- before standing at $1.1525/30..	1
The euro rose as high as $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in early Asian trading before standing at $1.1525/30 .	In early Asian trading, the euro rose as high as $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- before standing at $1.1525/30.	1
The euro rose as high as $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in early Asian trading before standing at $1.1525/30 .	Euro rose to $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in early Asian trading before standing at $1.1525/30.	1
Radio reports said hundreds of settlers converged on the four outposts overnight, hoping to disrupt their evacuation.	Radio reports say hundreds of settlers converged on the four outposts overnight, hoping to disrupt their evacuation.	1
Radio reports said hundreds of settlers converged on the four outposts overnight, hoping to disrupt their evacuation.	The radio reports said hundreds of settlers converged on the four outposts overnight, hoping to disrupt their evacuations.	1
"They will feel themselves to be deceived and they may well dismiss legitimate evidence of the risks of this and other drugs in the future.	"They will feel themselves to be deceived and they may well dismiss legitimate evidence of the risks of this and other drugs in the future."	1
"They will feel themselves to be deceived and they may well dismiss legitimate evidence of the risks of this and other drugs in the future.	"They will feel themselves to be deceived and they will well dismiss legitimate evidence of the risks of this and other drugs in the future....	1
He said the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons, but said he did not think that the Shenzhou V had military applications.	He said the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons. He said he did not think that the Shenzhou V had military applications.	1
He said the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons, but said he did not think that the Shenzhou V had military applications.	He said the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons but he did not think that the Shenzhou V had military applications.	1
He said the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons, but said he did not think that the Shenzhou V had military applications.	He said the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons, but he did not think that the Shenzhou V had military applications.	1
He said the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons, but said he did not think that the Shenzhou V had military applications.	He said the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons, but he said he did not think that the Shenzhou V had military applications.	1
He said the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons, but said he did not think that the Shenzhou V had military applications.	He said the space program is developing antisatellite weapons and robotic space weapons, but said he didn't think that the Shenzhou V had military applications.	1
The leased applications are designed to help sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.	The leased applications are designed to help salespeople track customer accounts and sales leads.	1
The leased applications are designed to help sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.	leased Applications are designed to help sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.	1
The leased applications are designed to help sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.	leased applications are designed to help salespeople track customer accounts and sales leads.	1
The leased applications are designed to help sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.	The leased applications are designed to help salespeople track customer account and sales leads.	1
The leased applications are designed to help sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.	leased applications are designed to help sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.	1
The leased applications are designed to help sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.	This leased application is designed to help sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.	1
And although he has acted in period dramas before in screen versions of Jane Austens Persuasion and Charlotte Brontes Jane Eyre Henchard is a breed apart.	Although he has acted in period dramas before, in screen versions of Jane Austens Persuasion and Charlotte Brontes Jane Eyre Henchard is a breed apart.	1
US District Judge William M. Hoeveler's removal by his superior was a victory for US Sugar Corp., which led the fight for his ouster.	The US District Judge William M. Hoeveler's removal by his superior was a victory for US Sugar Corp., which led the fight for his ouster.	1
Wal-Mart has said it plans to open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County.	Wal-Mart said it plans to open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County.	1
Wal-Mart has said it plans to open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County.	Wal-Mart is planning to open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years. Analysts are expecting four or more to be in San Diego County.	1
Wal-Mart has said it plans to open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County.	Wal-Mart has said it will open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County.	1
Wal-Mart has said it plans to open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County.	Wal-Mart is saying it will open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County.	1
Wal-Mart has said it plans to open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County.	Wal-Mart plans to open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County.	1
Wal-Mart has said it plans to open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County.	Wal-Mart says it plans to open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County.	1
Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and to let unions organize the workers by signing cards, rather than by a lengthy election process.	Cintas is fighting efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and let unions organize the workers by signing cards, rather than by a lengthy election process.	1
Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and to let unions organize the workers by signing cards, rather than by a lengthy election process.	Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 workers and to let unions organize the workers by signing cards, rather than by a lengthy election process.	1
Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and to let unions organize the workers by signing cards, rather than by a lengthy election process.	Cintas is fighting efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and to let unions organize the workers by signing cards, rather than through a lengthy election process.	1
Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and to let unions organize the workers by signing cards, rather than by a lengthy election process.	Cintas is fighting efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and to let unions organize workers by signing cards, rather than by a lengthy election process.	1
Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and to let unions organize the workers by signing cards, rather than by a lengthy election process.	The labor group Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 workers and to let unions organize the workers by signing cards rather than by a lengthy election process.	1
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.	For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), house means stability and family.	1
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.	For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) the house means stability and family.	1
The justices declined without comment to review the ruling that upheld physicians' rights to speak freely with their patients.	The Justices declined without comment to review the ruling that upheld doctors' rights to speak freely with their patients.	1
The justices declined without comment to review the ruling that upheld physicians' rights to speak freely with their patients.	The Justice declined without comment to review the decision that upheld physicians' rights to speak freely with their patients.	1
The justices declined without comment to review the ruling that upheld physicians' rights to speak freely with their patients.	The Justices declined without comment to review the decision that upheld physicians' rights to speak freely with their patients.	1
The justices declined without comment to review the ruling that upheld physicians' rights to speak freely with their patients.	The justices declined without comment to review the decision that upheld physicians' right to speak freely with their patients.	1
The justices declined without comment to review the ruling that upheld physicians' rights to speak freely with their patients.	The justices declined without comment to review the decision that upheld physicians' rights to speak freely with their patients.	1
The opposition would resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship," he said.	The opposition would resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice" and without warning to the dictatorship, he said.	1
The opposition would resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship," he said.	"The opposition will resort to rolling mass action at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship," he said.	1
The opposition would resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship," he said.	"The opposition would resort to rolling mass action at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship," he said.	1
The opposition would resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship," he said.	The opposition will resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship," he said.	1
The opposition would resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship," he said.	The opposition would resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship" he said.	1
The opposition would resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship," he said.	"The opposition would resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship," he said.	1
The opposition would resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship," he said.	'The opposition would resort to rolling mass action' "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship," he said.	1
The opposition would resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship," he said.	"The opposition would resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship", he said.	1
The opposition would resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship," he said.	“The opposition will resort to rolling mass action at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship,” he said.	1
The opposition would resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship," he said.	The opposition would resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship", he said.	1
It has also been revealed the boy's family filed two other abuse-related lawsuits in the past, winning a $165,000 settlement in one case.	The boy's family filed two other abuse-related lawsuits in the past, winning a $165,000 settlement in one case.	1
Dr Blix said: "I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure.	Dr Blix said: "I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure."	1
Dr Blix said: "I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure.	Dr Blix: "I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure.	1
Dr Blix said: "I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure.	Dr Blix said "I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure"	1
Dr Blix said: "I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure.	Dr Blix said "I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure."	1
Dr Blix said: "I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure.	Dr. Blix said: "I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure."	1
Dr Blix said: "I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure.	Dr Blix: I don't know exactly how they calculate this figure.	1
Dr Blix said: "I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure.	Dr. Blix: "I don't know exactly how they calculated this figure.	1
Federal Agriculture Minister Warren Truss said the Government still did not know the real reason the sheep were rejected at the Saudi port of Jeddah on August 21.	Fed Agriculture Minister Warren Truss said the government still did not know the real reason the sheep were rejected at the Saudi port of Jeddah on August 21.	1
Federal Agriculture Minister Warren Truss said the Government still did not know the real reason the sheep were rejected at the Saudi port of Jeddah on August 21.	Fed Agriculture Minister Warren Truss said the Government still did not know the real reason the sheep were rejected at the Saudi port of Jeddah on August 21.	1
Federal Agriculture Minister Warren Truss said the Government still did not know the real reason the sheep were rejected at the Saudi port of Jeddah on August 21.	Warren Truss, Federal Agriculture Minister, said the Government still did not know the real reason the sheep were rejected at the Saudi port of Jeddah on August 21.	1
Only 12 of the last 30 attempts to reach Mars have succeeded (two are in transit).	Just 12 of the last 30 attempts to reach Mars have succeeded (two are in transit).	1
Lucent's stock shed 6 cents, or 2.7 percent, to close at $2.15 after heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.	Lucent shares shed 6 cents, or 2.7 percent, to close at $2.15 after heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.	1
Lucent's stock shed 6 cents, or 2.7 percent, to close at $2.15 after heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.	Lucent's stock fell 6 cents, or 2.7 percent, to close at $2.15 after heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.	1
Lucent's stock shed 6 cents, or 2.7 percent, to close at $2.15 after heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.	Lucent stock sank 6 cents, or 2.7 percent, to close at $2.15 after heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.	1
Lucent's stock shed 6 cents, or 2.7 percent, to close at $2.15 after heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.	Lucent's stock dropped 6 cents, or 2.7 percent, to close at $2.15 after heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.	1
Lucent's stock shed 6 cents, or 2.7 percent, to close at $2.15 after heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.	After heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday, Lucent's stock shed 6 cents, or 2.7 percent, to close at $2.15.	1
Lucent's stock shed 6 cents, or 2.7 percent, to close at $2.15 after heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.	Lucent stock shed 6 cents, or 2.7 percent, to close at $2.15 after heavy trading on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday.	1
Mitchell, Man of La Mancha, Malcolm Gets from Amour and John Selya, Movin' Out, complete the field.	Mitchell, Man of La Mancha, Malcolm Gets from Amour and John Selya, Movin' Out complete the field.	1
Mitchell, Man of La Mancha, Malcolm Gets from Amour and John Selya, Movin' Out, complete the field.	Mitchell, Man of La Mancha, Malcolm Gets from Amour and John Selya, Movin' Out, all complete the field.	1
Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many that investigators are considering.	Tom Kraynak, manager of operations and resources for the Canton, Ohio-based East Central Area Reliability Council, said that scenario is one among many investigators are considering.	1
The Smyrna Nissan plant was recently named the most productive automotive manufacturing site in North America, said Kisber.	The Smyrna Nissan plant was recently named the most productive automotive manufacturing site in North America, according to Kisber.	1
The Smyrna Nissan plant was recently named the most productive automotive manufacturing site in North America, said Kisber.	Nissan Smyrna Plant was recently named the most productive automotive manufacturing site in North America, said Kisber.	1
The Smyrna Nissan plant was recently named the most productive automotive manufacturing site in North America, said Kisber.	The Smyrna Nissan plant is recently named the most productive automotive manufacturing site in North America, said Kisber.	1
On Hebert's body were his wallet, driver license and cell phone, its batteries drained, Tracy said.	On Hebert's body were his wallet, driver license and phone, its batteries drained, Tracy said.	1
On Hebert's body were his wallet, driver license and cell phone, its batteries drained, Tracy said.	On Hebert's body were his wallet, driver license and cellphone, its batteries drained, Tracy said.	1
Advertising and circulation revenues from the flagship Martha Stewart Living magazine have declined.	Advertising and circulation revenue from the flagship Martha Stewart Living magazine has declined.	1
Advertising and circulation revenues from the flagship Martha Stewart Living magazine have declined.	Advertising and circulation revenue from the flagship Martha Stewart Living magazine have declined.	1
Advertising and circulation revenues from the flagship Martha Stewart Living magazine have declined.	Advertising and circulation revenues have declined from the flagship Martha Stewart Living magazine.	1
Advertising and circulation revenues from the flagship Martha Stewart Living magazine have declined.	Advertisements and circulation revenues from the flagship Martha Stewart Living magazine have declined.	1
That risk, described as minor, remains "the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the statement released after the Fed meeting said.	That risk, described as minor, remains "the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the statement released after the Fed meeting.	1
That risk, described as minor, remains "the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the statement released after the Fed meeting said.	That risk, described as minor, remains "the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the Fed statement released after the meeting said.	1
That risk, described as minor, remains "the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the statement released after the Fed meeting said.	That risk, described as minor, remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future, the statement released after the Fed meeting said.	1
That risk, described as minor, remains "the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the statement released after the Fed meeting said.	That risk, described as minor, remains the predominant concern "for the foreseeable future," the statement released after the Fed meeting said.	1
But right now it looks manageable," Gehman told reporters.	"But right now it looks manageable," Gehman told reporters.	1
But right now it looks manageable," Gehman told reporters.	"It looks manageable, right now," Gehman told reporters.	1
But right now it looks manageable," Gehman told reporters.	"But right now it looks manageable" Gehman told reporters.	1
But right now it looks manageable," Gehman told reporters.	So, right now, it looks manageable," Gehman told reporters.	1
But right now it looks manageable," Gehman told reporters.	And right now it looks manageable," Gehman told reporters.	1
But right now it looks manageable," Gehman told reporters.	Right now it looks manageable," Gehman told reporters.	1
But right now it looks manageable," Gehman told reporters.	And now it looks manageable," Gehman told reporters.	1
But right now it looks manageable," Gehman told reporters.	Right now, it looks manageable," Gehman told reporters.	1
Elsewhere in the diary, Truman showed a more familiar side, colorful and outspoken in his disdain for life in the White House.	As far as the diary goes, Truman showed a familiar side, colorful and outspoken in his disdain for life in the White House.	1
Elsewhere in the diary, Truman showed a more familiar side, colorful and outspoken in his disdain for life in the White House.	In his diary, Truman showed a more familiar side, colorful and outspoken in his disdain for life in the White House.	1
Elsewhere in the diary, Truman showed a more familiar side, colorful and outspoken in his disdain for life in the White House.	Elsewhere in the diary, Truman showed a more familiar side, colorful and outspoken in his disdain for life at the White House.	1
Russian Yuri Malenchenko, American Edward Lu and Pedro Duque of Spain landed in their Soyuz TMA-2 capsule at 0240 GMT.	Russia's Yuri Malenchenko, American Edward Lu and Pedro Duque of Spain landed in their Soyuz TMA-2 capsule at 0240 GMT.	1
Russian Yuri Malenchenko, American Edward Lu and Pedro Duque of Spain landed in their Soyuz TMA-2 capsule at 0240 GMT.	Russia Yuri Malenchenko, American Edward Lu and Pedro Duque of Spain landed in their Soyuz TMA-2 capsule at 0240 GMT.	1
The remaining five men continue to be questioned under Section 17 of the Terrorism Act.	The remaining five men are questioned under section 17 of the Terrorism Act.	1
The remaining five men continue to be questioned under Section 17 of the Terrorism Act.	The remaining five men are still under questioning under Section 17 of the Terrorism Act.	1
The remaining five men continue to be questioned under Section 17 of the Terrorism Act.	The remaining five men are being questioned under section 17 of the Terrorism Act.	1
The remaining five men continue to be questioned under Section 17 of the Terrorism Act.	The remaining five men are still questioned under Section 17 of the Terrorism Act.	1
The remaining five men continue to be questioned under Section 17 of the Terrorism Act.	The remaining five men are still being questioned under section 17 of the Terrorism Act.	1
The remaining five men continue to be questioned under Section 17 of the Terrorism Act.	Five men remain in custody, but the remaining five are being questioned under Section 17 of the Terrorism Act.	1
The remaining five men continue to be questioned under Section 17 of the Terrorism Act.	Five men are being questioned under section 17 of the Terrorism Act.	1
Wall Street is looking for a profit of 30 cents a share in the third quarter and $1.31 for the fiscal year.	Wall Street anticipates a profit of 30 cents a share in the third quarter and $1.31 for the fiscal year.	1
Wall Street is looking for a profit of 30 cents a share in the third quarter and $1.31 for the fiscal year.	Wall Street is expecting to make a profit of 30 cents a share in the third quarter and $1.31 for the fiscal year.	1
Wall Street is looking for a profit of 30 cents a share in the third quarter and $1.31 for the fiscal year.	Wall Street expects a profit of 30 cents a share in the third quarter and $1.31 for the fiscal year.	1
Daniel C. Clark and James Hargadon; a former priest, Bruce Ewing; and two teachers are awaiting trial.	Daniel C. Clark and James Hargadon, a former priest, Bruce Ewing; and two teachers are awaiting trial.	1
Daniel C. Clark and James Hargadon; a former priest, Bruce Ewing; and two teachers are awaiting trial.	Daniel Clark and James Hargadon; a former priest, Bruce Ewing; and two teachers are awaiting trial.	1
Daniel C. Clark and James Hargadon; a former priest, Bruce Ewing; and two teachers are awaiting trial.	Daniel C. Clark and James Hargadon; a former priest, Bruce Ewing, and two teachers are awaiting trial.	1
Daniel C. Clark and James Hargadon; a former priest, Bruce Ewing; and two teachers are awaiting trial.	Daniel Clark and James Hargadon, Bruce Ewing, a former priest, and two teachers are awaiting trial.	1
Daniel C. Clark and James Hargadon; a former priest, Bruce Ewing; and two teachers are awaiting trial.	Daniel C. Clark and James Hargadon, former priest Bruce Ewing and two teachers are awaiting trial.	1
Daniel C. Clark and James Hargadon; a former priest, Bruce Ewing; and two teachers are awaiting trial.	Daniel C. Clark and James Hargadon, a former priest, Bruce Ewing, and two teachers are awaiting trial.	1
A senior air force official and a member of parliament were also on board, state radio report said.	State radio report says a senior air force official and a member of parliament were also on board.	1
A senior air force official and a member of parliament were also on board, state radio report said.	As per the State Radio Report, senior air force official and a member of parliament were also on board, state radio report said.	1
A senior air force official and a member of parliament were also on board, state radio report said.	One senior Air Force official and a member of parliament were also on board, state radio report said.	1
A senior air force official and a member of parliament were also on board, state radio report said.	In total, A senior Air Force official and a member of Parliament were also on board, state radio report said.	1
A senior air force official and a member of parliament were also on board, state radio report said.	One senior air force official and a member of parliament were also on board, state radio report said.	1
The Nets and the Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while causing their high-scoring American Basketball Association forefathers to cringe.	Nets & Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while causing their high-scoring American Basketball Association forefathers to cringe.	1
The Nets and the Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while causing their high-scoring American Basketball Association forefathers to cringe.	Both the Nets and the Spurs are crossing the new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while causing their high-scoring American Basketball Association forefathers to cringe.	1
The Nets and the Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while causing their high-scoring American Basketball Association forefathers to cringe.	Both the Nets and the Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while causing their high-scoring American Basketball Association forefathers to cringe.	1
The Nets and the Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while causing their high-scoring American Basketball Association forefathers to cringe.	The Nets and the Spurs are crossing the new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while causing their high-scoring American Basketball Association forefathers to cringe.	1
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.	Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1. Most taxpayers will get tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1!	1
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.	Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1. Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.	1
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.	Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1. Some people will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week.	1
Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts of between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.	Most taxpayers will get surprise tax cuts between $4 and $11 a week from July 1.	1
"I can tell you that it's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM."	I'll tell you that it's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM."	1
"I can tell you that it's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM."	I can tell you that it's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM.	1
"I can tell you that it's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM."	I can tell you that it's routine for IBM to challenge its IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM.	1
"I can tell you that it's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM."	I can tell you that it's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM."	1
"I can tell you that it's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM."	I can tell you that it's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM. "I can tell you that it's routine for IBM to challenge its IT team to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM."	1
Roberts said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of a major attack in Saudi Arabia.	Roberts said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of a major attack on Saudi Arabia.	1
Roberts said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of a major attack in Saudi Arabia.	Roberts says his committee was briefed about a week ago about the possibility of a major attack on Saudi Arabia.	1
Roberts said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of a major attack in Saudi Arabia.	Roberts said the committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of a major attack in Saudi Arabia.	1
Roberts said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of a major attack in Saudi Arabia.	In a statement, Roberts said his committee was briefed about a week ago about the likelihood of a major attack on Saudi Arabia.	1
Neither immediately said his agency would appeal the decision, but many others following the case said an appeal was likely soon.	Nor immediately said his agency would appeal the decision, but many others following the case said an appeal was likely soon.	1
Neither immediately said his agency would appeal the decision, but many others following the case said an appeal was likely soon.	Neither immediately said his agency would appeal the decision, but many others following the case said an appeal would likely soon.	1
Neither immediately said his agency would appeal the decision, but many others following the case said an appeal was likely soon.	Neither immediately said his agency would appeal the decision, but many others following the case said an appeal was likely soon	1
Neither immediately said his agency would appeal the decision, but many others following the case said an appeal was likely soon.	No immediate said his agency would appeal the decision, but many others following the case said an appeal was likely soon.	1
BofA said yesterday it had "policies in place that prohibit late-day trading".	BofA said yesterday it has a policy in place that prohibits late day trading".	1
BofA said yesterday it had "policies in place that prohibit late-day trading".	BofA said yesterday it has "policies in place that prohibit late-day trading."	1
BofA said yesterday it had "policies in place that prohibit late-day trading".	BofA said yesterday it had "policies in place that prohibit late-day trading."	1
BofA said yesterday it had "policies in place that prohibit late-day trading".	BofA said yesterday it had "policies in place that prohibit late-day trading"	1
BofA said yesterday it had "policies in place that prohibit late-day trading".	BofA said yesterday that it has "policies in place that prohibit late-day trading"	1
Palm Beach County is considering adding up to $200 million more in incentives.	Palm Beach County is considering adding up to $200 million in incentives.	1
Palm Beach County is considering adding up to $200 million more in incentives.	Palm Beach County is considering putting $200 million more in incentives.	1
Viacom's lawyers say Spike is a common name that does not necessarily prompt thoughts of Lee.	Viacom lawyers say Spike is a common name that does not necessarily prompt thoughts of Lee.	1
Viacom's lawyers say Spike is a common name that does not necessarily prompt thoughts of Lee.	Viacom's lawyers say Spike is a common name that doesn't necessarily prompt thoughts of Lee.	1
Viacom's lawyers say Spike is a common name that does not necessarily prompt thoughts of Lee.	Spike is a common name that does not necessarily prompt thoughts of Lee. Viacom's lawyers say Spike is a common name that does not necessarily prompt thoughts of Lee.	1
Viacom's lawyers say Spike is a common name that does not necessarily prompt thoughts of Lee.	Viacom lawyers say Spike is a common name that doesn't necessarily prompt thoughts of Lee.	1
The American troops, who also defend the mayor's compound, have been attacked on two separate occasions.	Apparently the American troops who also defend the mayor's compound have been attacked on two separate occasions.	1
The American troops, who also defend the mayor's compound, have been attacked on two separate occasions.	American forces, who also defend the mayor's compound, have been attacked on two separate occasions.	1
The American troops, who also defend the mayor's compound, have been attacked on two separate occasions.	The US troops, who also defend the mayor's compound, have been attacked on two separate occasions.	1
YES filed suit yesterday in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan.	YES filed suit in the Supreme Court of New York County in Manhattan yesterday.	1
Hester said Sanmina was the best fit among several purchase offers the company received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers.	Hester said Sanmina would be the best fit among several purchase offers the company received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers.	1
Hester said Sanmina was the best fit among several purchase offers the company received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers.	Hester said Sanmina was the best fit among several purchase offers Sanmina received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers.	1
Shares of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.	Stocks of Tampa-based Outback Steakhouse Inc. closed at $44.50, up $1.78, or 4.2 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
The discovery was published yesterday in the New England Journal of Medicine.	This discovery was published yesterday in the New England Journal of Medicine.	1
"At that time I didn't agree, because the people who will be the victims are schoolchildren and security," he says.	At that time I didn't agree, because the people who will be the victims are schoolchildren and security," he says.	1
"At that time I didn't agree, because the people who will be the victims are schoolchildren and security," he says.	At that time I didn't agree, because the people who will be victims are schoolchildren and security, says him.	1
The other inmate fell but Selenski shimmed down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof and used the mattress to scale a razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	The other inmate fell but Selenski shimmed down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof and used the mattress to scale a razor wire fence, Fischi said.	1
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.	Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus were against the disparity in drug benefits.	1
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.	Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus reject any disparity in drug benefits.	1
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.	Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus opposed any disparity in drug benefits.	1
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.	Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus refused any disparity in drug benefits.	1
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.	Grassley and Baucus reject any disparity in drug benefits.	1
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.	Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected the disparity in drug benefits.	1
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.	Grassley and Baucus denied any disparity in drug benefits.	1
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.	Both Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected the disparity in drug benefits.	1
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.	Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus denied any disparity in drug benefits.	1
Mr. Grassley and Mr. Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.	Grassley and Baucus rejected any disparity in drug benefits.	1
In January, Georgia's U.N. envoy Revaz Adamia accused Russia of annexing the region and appealed to the Security Council to "assume effective leadership over the peace process."	In January, Georgia's U.N. envoy Revaz Adamia accused Russia of annexing the region and appealed to the Security Council to "assume effective leadership over the peace process".	1
In January, Georgia's U.N. envoy Revaz Adamia accused Russia of annexing the region and appealed to the Security Council to "assume effective leadership over the peace process."	In January, Georgia's U.N. envoy Revaz Adamia accused Russia of annexing the region and appealed to the Security Council to "assume effective leadership over the peace process"	1
If you're over here thinking this problem has been blown out of proportion by the media, you are wrong.	If you are over here thinking this problem has been blown out of proportion by the media, you are wrong.	1
If you're over here thinking this problem has been blown out of proportion by the media, you are wrong.	If you're here thinking this problem has been blown out of proportion by the media, you are wrong.	1
WHO noted that most resistant bacteria growth among humans was due to overuse of antibiotics by doctors -- not due to farmers.	WHO noted that most resistant bacteria growth in humans was due to overuse of antibiotics by doctors - not due to farmers.	1
WHO noted that most resistant bacteria growth among humans was due to overuse of antibiotics by doctors -- not due to farmers.	WHO noted that most resistant bacteria in humans was due to overuse of antibiotics by doctors - not due to farmers.	1
WHO noted that most resistant bacteria growth among humans was due to overuse of antibiotics by doctors -- not due to farmers.	WHO noted that most resistant bacteria in humans was due to overuse of antibiotics by doctors  not due to farmers.	1
In Canada, Tim Hortons' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent.	In Canada, same-store sales of Tim Hortons were up as much as 6.7%.	1
In Canada, Tim Hortons' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent.	In North America, Tim Hortons' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent.	1
In Canada, Tim Hortons' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent.	In Canada, Tim Hortons' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7%.	1
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.	One pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.	1
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.	One had pointed to the word refugees in an English/Turkish dictionary. One had pointed to the word refugee in the English/Turkish dictionary.	1
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.	One had pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.	1
Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko managed a space first earlier this month by marrying his earth-bound fiance by space phone.	Earlier this month the Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko managed a space first earlier this month by marrying his earth-bound fiance by space phone.	1
Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko managed a space first earlier this month by marrying his earth-bound fiance by space phone.	Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko managed to a space first earlier this month by marrying his earth-bound fiance by space phone.	1
Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko managed a space first earlier this month by marrying his earth-bound fiance by space phone.	Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko managed a space first earlier this month by marrying his earth-bound fiance via space phone.	1
Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko managed a space first earlier this month by marrying his earth-bound fiance by space phone.	Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko managed a space first earlier this month by marrying his earth-bound fiancee by space phone.	1
Russian cosmonaut Malenchenko managed a space first earlier this month by marrying his earth-bound fiance by space phone.	Russia: cosmonaut Malenchenko managed a space first earlier this month by marrying his earth-bound fiance by space phone.	1
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	1
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	1
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., Big Lots Inc., and others reported May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	1
Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., Big Lots Inc., among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	1
On Monday, one American soldier was killed and another was wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.	One American soldier was killed and another was wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq on Monday.	1
On Monday, one American soldier was killed and another was wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.	On Monday, one American soldier was killed and another wounded when their convoy was ambushed in northern Iraq.	1
A senior Malaysian member of JI testified in June that Bashir had approved the church bomb attacks and had called a meeting to plan Megawati's assassination.	An senior Malaysian member of JI testified in June that Bashir had approved the church bomb attacks and had called a meeting to plan Megawati's assassination.	1
A senior Malaysian member of JI testified in June that Bashir had approved the church bomb attacks and had called a meeting to plan Megawati's assassination.	A senior Malaysian member of JI testified in June that Bashir had approved the church bomb attacks and had called a meeting to plan the assassination of Megawati.	1
Maria de Jesus Quiej Alvarez and Maria de Teresa Quiej Alvarez did not leave the private jet during a stop for customs inspection at Brown Field.	Maria de Jesus Quiej Alvarez and Maria de Teresa Quiej Alvarez didn't leave the private jet during a stop for customs inspection at Brown Field.	1
Maria de Jesus Quiej Alvarez and Maria de Teresa Quiej Alvarez did not leave the private jet during a stop for customs inspection at Brown Field.	Maria de Jesus Quiej Alvarez and Maria de Teresa Quiej Alvarez were not able to leave the private jet during a stop for customs inspection at Brown Field.	1
Maria de Jesus Quiej Alvarez and Maria de Teresa Quiej Alvarez did not leave the private jet during a stop for customs inspection at Brown Field.	Maria de Jesus Quiej Alvarez and Maria de Teresa Quiej Alvarez were not allowed to leave the private jet during a stop for customs inspection at Brown Field.	1
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.	Virginia Carnes said Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery.	1
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.	Virginia Carnes said that Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery.	1
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.	When he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago, Virginia Carnes said.	1
Mr Adams, managing director, will become chief executive on January 1.	Mr. Adams, managing director, will become chief executive from January 1.	1
Mr Adams, managing director, will become chief executive on January 1.	Donald Adams, managing director, will become chief executive on January 1.	1
Mr Adams, managing director, will become chief executive on January 1.	Mr Adams, managing director, will become chief executive on January 1st.	1
Mr Adams, managing director, will become chief executive on January 1.	Mr. Adams, managing director, will become chief executive on January 1.	1
Mr Adams, managing director, will become chief executive on January 1.	Mr Adams, managing director, will become chief executive from January 1.	1
Mr Adams, managing director, will become chief executive on January 1.	Mr Adams, managing director, will become chief executive from January 1st.	1
"Really, this plan is an insult to working parents throughout New York City," Mr. Silver said.	"I think this plan is an insult to working parents across New York City," Mr. Silver said.	1
"Really, this plan is an insult to working parents throughout New York City," Mr. Silver said.	This plan is an insult to working parents throughout New York City," Mr. Silver said.	1
"Really, this plan is an insult to working parents throughout New York City," Mr. Silver said.	"This plan is an insult to working parents in New York City," Mr. Silver said.	1
Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages yesterday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least 22 people, military officials said.	As they withdrew from fighting that killed at least 22 people, Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages yesterday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least 22 people, military officials said.	1
Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages yesterday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least 22 people, military officials said.	Muslims guerrillas attacked a town yesterday and took hostages as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least 22 people, military officials said.	1
Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages yesterday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least 22 people, military officials said.	Muslim guerrillas attacked a town yesterday and took hostages as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least 22 people, military officials said.	1
Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages yesterday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least 22 people, military officials said.	Islamic guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages yesterday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least 22 people, military officials said.	1
Muslim guerrillas attacked a town and took hostages yesterday as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least 22 people, military officials said.	Islamic guerrillas attacked a town yesterday and took hostages as they withdrew from fighting that killed at least 22 people, military officials said.	1
"I am responsible for the approval process in my agency," he said in Friday's statement.	I am responsible for the approval process in my agency," he said in Friday's statement.	1
"I am responsible for the approval process in my agency," he said in Friday's statement.	I am responsible for the approval process for my agency," he said in a statement issued Friday.	1
"I am responsible for the approval process in my agency," he said in Friday's statement.	I'm responsible for the approval process in my agency, he said in the statement Friday.	1
"I am responsible for the approval process in my agency," he said in Friday's statement.	I am responsible for the approval process in my agency, he said in Friday's statement.	1
"I am responsible for the approval process in my agency," he said in Friday's statement.	"I am responsible for the approval process in my agency," he said in a statement Friday.	1
"I am responsible for the approval process in my agency," he said in Friday's statement.	"I am responsible for the approval process in my agency," he said in a statement on Friday.	1
"I am responsible for the approval process in my agency," he said in Friday's statement.	I am responsible for the approval process in my agency, he said in a statement Friday.	1
He said he has begun a court action to seize Beacon Hill's assets and has frozen more than $13 million Beacon Hill had when it closed.	He said he is beginning a court action to seize a Beacon Hill's assets and has frozen more than $13 million Beacon Hill had when it closed.	1
The $250 million expansion will boost Nissan's total investment at its two Tennessee plants to $2.75 billion.	In addition, the $250 million expansion will boost Nissan's total investment at its two Tennessee plants to $2.75 billion.	1
The document, headlined Information for Health Care Professionals, warns of potential panic attacks, psychosis and convulsions.	Document, headlined Information for Health Care Professionals, warns of potential panic attacks, psychosis and convulsions.	1
In Europe, France's CAC-40 fell 0.8 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 lost 0.9 percent and Germany's DAX index gave back 1 percent.	In Europe, France's CAC-40 fell 0.8 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 lost 0.9 percent and Germany's DAX gave back 1 percent.	1
On a positive note, C&W's estimated lease commitments -- one potential hurdle to U.S. exit -- fell 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion.	On a positive note, C&W's estimated lease commitments -- one potential hurdle to U.S. exit -- fell 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion pounds.	1
On a positive note, C&W's estimated lease commitments -- one potential hurdle to U.S. exit -- fell 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion.	C&W's estimated lease commitments -- one potential hurdle to U.S. exit -- fell 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion pounds. On a positive note, C&W's estimated lease commitments fell 600 million pounds to 1.6 billion.	1
Attorneys for the defense and media have filed documents opposing a gag order.	Attorneys for the defense and media have filed documents opposing the gag order.	1
Attorneys for the defense and media have filed documents opposing a gag order.	Counsels for the defense and media have filed documents opposing a gag order.	1
Attorneys for the defense and media have filed documents opposing a gag order.	Attorneys for the defense and media have filed documents opposing gag order.	1
Attorneys for the defense and media have filed documents opposing a gag order.	Lawyers for the defense and media have filed documents opposing a gag order.	1
Attorneys for the defense and media have filed documents opposing a gag order.	Attorneys for the defense and media have filed documents opposing gag orders.	1
"Our policies are well-known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy" on Iran, Powell said.	“Our policies are well-known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy” on Iran, Powell said.	1
"Our policies are well-known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy" on Iran, Powell said.	Our policies are well-known and I am not aware of any changes in policy on Iran," Powell said.	1
"Our policies are well-known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy" on Iran, Powell said.	"Our policies are well known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy" on Iran, Powell said.	1
"Our policies are well-known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy" on Iran, Powell said.	'We have policies well known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy' on Iran, said Powell.	1
"Our policies are well-known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy" on Iran, Powell said.	"Our policy is well known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy" in Iran, Powell said.	1
"Our policies are well-known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy" on Iran, Powell said.	Powell: "Our policies are well known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy" on Iran, said Powell.	1
"Our policies are well-known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy" on Iran, Powell said.	Powell: "Our policies are well-known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy" on Iran.	1
"They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case."	They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only dead in this case.	1
The blaze was only 5 percent contained early Monday.	The blaze was only five percent contained early Monday.	1
"Here's what happened: I go to their Web site and start complaining to them, would you please, please, please stop bothering me," he said. "	"What happened: I go to their Web site and start complaining to them, would you please, please, please stop bothering me," he said.	1
"Here's what happened: I go to their Web site and start complaining to them, would you please, please, please stop bothering me," he said. "	"Hello, here's what happened: I go to their Web site and start complaining to them, would you please, please, please stop bothering me," he said.	1
"Here's what happened: I go to their Web site and start complaining to them, would you please, please, please stop bothering me," he said. "	What happened: I go to their Web site and start complaining to them, would you please, please stop bothering me," he said.	1
"Here's what happened: I go to their Web site and start complaining to them, would you please, please, please stop bothering me," he said. "	"Here's what happened: I go to their Web site and start complaining to them, would you please, please, please stop bothering me," he said.	1
The Supreme Court agreed Monday in Illinois vs. Telemarketing Associates.	The Supreme Court ruled on Monday in Illinois vs. Telemarketing Associates.	1
The Supreme Court agreed Monday in Illinois vs. Telemarketing Associates.	The Supreme Court agreed Monday in the case of Illinois v. Telemarketing Associates.	1
The Supreme Court agreed Monday in Illinois vs. Telemarketing Associates.	The Supreme Court agreed Monday in Illinois v. Telemarketing Associates.	1
The Supreme Court agreed Monday in Illinois vs. Telemarketing Associates.	The Supreme Court ruled Monday in Illinois vs. Telemarketing Associates.	1
The Supreme Court agreed Monday in Illinois vs. Telemarketing Associates.	In Illinois vs. Telemarketing Associates, the Supreme Court agreed Monday.	1
Experts say they think better treatment, including widespread use of the drug tamoxifen, as well as mammogram screening are responsible for the improvement.	Experts say they think better treatment, including widespread use of tamoxifen, as well as mammogram screening are responsible for improving.	1
Experts say they think better treatment, including widespread use of the drug tamoxifen, as well as mammogram screening are responsible for the improvement.	Experts say they think better treatment, including widespread use of tamoxifen, as well as mammogram screening are responsible for the improvement.	1
Experts say they think better treatment, including widespread use of the drug tamoxifen, as well as mammogram screening are responsible for the improvement.	Experts say they think better treatment, including widespread use of the drug tamoxifen, as well as mammogram screening, are responsible for the improvement.	1
Experts say they think better treatment, including widespread use of the drug tamoxifen, as well as mammogram screening are responsible for the improvement.	Medical professionals say they think better treatment, including widespread use of the drug tamoxifen, as well as mammogram screening are responsible for the improvement.	1
Experts say they think better treatment, including widespread use of the drug tamoxifen, as well as mammogram screening are responsible for the improvement.	In their opinion, better treatment, including widespread use of the drug tamoxifen, as well as mammogram screening are responsible for the improvement.	1
"He wasnt like that, except for getting in a couple fights with his dad.	“He wasn't like that, except for getting into a couple fights with his dad.	1
"He wasnt like that, except for getting in a couple fights with his dad.	"He wasn't like that except for getting in a couple fights with his dad."	1
"He wasnt like that, except for getting in a couple fights with his dad.	"He wasn't like that, except for getting in a couple fights with his dad.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC dipped 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.	The Technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index fell 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.	1
"Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies, close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism."	"Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies, close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism"	1
"Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies, close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism."	Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies, close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism.	1
"Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies, close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism."	Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies, close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism."	1
"Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies, close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism."	"Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies, close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC> declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index (.IXIC>) declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.	1
The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from a stolen credit cards.	A tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from stolen credit cards.	1
The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from a stolen credit cards.	The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from a stolen credit card.	1
The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from a stolen credit cards.	The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from stolen credit cards.	1
A Connecticut judge Tuesday sentenced a man to 30 years in prison in the death of a teenage girl he met on the Internet.	A Connecticut judge Tuesday sentenced a man to 30 years in prison for the death of a teenage girl he met on the Internet.	1
A Connecticut judge Tuesday sentenced a man to 30 years in prison in the death of a teenage girl he met on the Internet.	A Connecticut judge sentenced a man Tuesday to 30 years in prison in the death of a teenage girl he met online.	1
A Connecticut judge Tuesday sentenced a man to 30 years in prison in the death of a teenage girl he met on the Internet.	A Connecticut judge on Tuesday sentenced a man to 30 years in prison for the death of a teenage girl he met online.	1
The high Saturday is expected to be about 92 degrees, and it will likely drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday.	If the high of Saturday is expected to be around 92 degrees, it will likely drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday.	1
The high Saturday is expected to be about 92 degrees, and it will likely drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday.	The high is expected to be about 92 degrees on Saturday and it will likely drop to 90 degrees on Sunday and Monday.	1
The high Saturday is expected to be about 92 degrees, and it will likely drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday.	The high was 92 degrees Saturday, and it will likely drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday.	1
The mother of a Briton held by Colombian guerrillasspoke of her relief yesterday after hearing that he might be freed in the next few weeks.	The mother of a British man held by Colombian guerrillas spoke of her relief yesterday after hearing that he might be freed in the next few weeks.	1
The mother of a Briton held by Colombian guerrillasspoke of her relief yesterday after hearing that he might be freed in the next few weeks.	The mother of a Briton held by Colombian guerrillas spoke of her relief yesterday after hearing that he might be freed in the next few weeks.	1
The mother of a Briton held by Colombian guerrillasspoke of her relief yesterday after hearing that he might be freed in the next few weeks.	Mother of a Briton held by Colombian guerrillas spoke of her relief yesterday after hearing that he might be freed in the next few weeks.	1
Gartner raised its own worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.	Gartner boosted its own global PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.	1
Gartner raised its own worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.	Gartner has raised its own worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.	1
Gartner raised its own worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.	Gartner raised its own global PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.	1
Gartner raised its own worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.	Gartner increased its own worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.	1
Gartner raised its own worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.	Gartner has raised its own global PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.	1
Gartner raised its own worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.	Gartner upgraded its own worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.	1
Gartner raised its own worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.	Gartner's global PC shipment forecast in August for 2003 is 8.9 per cent up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.	1
Gartner raised its own worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.	Gartner raises its own worldwide PC shipment forecast in August to 8.9 per cent growth for 2003, up from expectations of 7.2 per cent.	1
Strong spokeswoman Stephanie Truog said, "We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals.	Strong spokeswoman Stephanie Truog said, "We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals."	1
Strong spokeswoman Stephanie Truog said, "We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals.	Stephanie Truog: "We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of external professionals." Strong spokeswoman Stephanie Truog said, "We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals."	1
Strong spokeswoman Stephanie Truog said, "We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals.	Strong spokeswoman Stephanie Truog said, "we are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals."	1
Strong spokeswoman Stephanie Truog said, "We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals.	Strong spokeswoman Stephanie Truog said "We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals."	1
AMD had revenue of $715 million and a loss of 42 cents a share during the March quarter.	AMD had revenue of $715 million and a loss of 42 cents a share in March quarter.	1
AMD had revenue of $715 million and a loss of 42 cents a share during the March quarter.	AMD had revenue of $715 million and a loss of 42 cents a share in the March quarter.	1
AMD had revenue of $715 million and a loss of 42 cents a share during the March quarter.	AMD had revenue of $715 million during the March quarter, a loss of 42 cents a share.	1
AMD had revenue of $715 million and a loss of 42 cents a share during the March quarter.	AMD reported revenue of $715 million in March quarter. AMD suffered a loss of 42 cents a share.	1
AMD had revenue of $715 million and a loss of 42 cents a share during the March quarter.	AMD reported revenue of $715 million in March quarter, a loss of 42 cents a share.	1
AMD had revenue of $715 million and a loss of 42 cents a share during the March quarter.	AMD had a revenue of $715 million and a loss of 42 cents a share during the March quarter.	1
AMD had revenue of $715 million and a loss of 42 cents a share during the March quarter.	AMD reported revenue of $715 million during March quarter. It was losing 42 cents per share.	1
AMD had revenue of $715 million and a loss of 42 cents a share during the March quarter.	AMD reported revenue of $715 million and a loss of 42 cents a share during the March quarter.	1
AMD had revenue of $715 million and a loss of 42 cents a share during the March quarter.	AMD reported revenue of $715 million during the March quarter. AMD posted a loss of 42 cents a share during the same period.	1
AMD had revenue of $715 million and a loss of 42 cents a share during the March quarter.	AMD reported revenue of $715 million in the March quarter, while a loss of 42 cents a share was recorded.	1
After more than two years' detention under the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty of subversion in Beijing's No. 1 Intermediate Court last Wednesday.	After more than two years' detention under the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty of subversion in Beijing's No.1 Intermediate Court last Wednesday.	1
After more than two years' detention under the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty of subversion in Beijing's No. 1 Intermediate Court last Wednesday.	After more than two years of detention under the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty of subversion in Beijing's No. 1 Intermediate Court last Wednesday.	1
After more than two years' detention under the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty of subversion in Beijing's No. 1 Intermediate Court last Wednesday.	After more than two years detention under the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty of subversion in Beijing's No. 1 Intermediate Court last Wednesday.	1
After more than two years' detention under the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty of subversion in Beijing's No. 1 Intermediate Court last Wednesday.	After more than two years detention under the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty of subversion last Wednesday in Beijing's No. 1 Intermediate Court.	1
After more than two years' detention under the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty of subversion in Beijing's No. 1 Intermediate Court last Wednesday.	After more than two years' detention under the State Security Bureau, the four were found guilty of subversion last Wednesday in Beijing's No. 1 Intermediate Court.	1
Genetic studies of ethnic groups raise concerns because of fears that they could be used or distorted to justify discrimination against a group or to promote stereotypes.	Genetic studies of ethnic groups raise concerns because of fears that they could be used or distorted to justify discrimination or promote stereotypes.	1
General Huweirini, who has worked closely with the US, was wounded in the shooting on December 4, US officials said.	General Huweirini, who had worked closely with the US, was wounded in the shooting on December 4, US officials said.	1
General Huweirini, who has worked closely with the US, was wounded in the shooting on December 4, US officials said.	General Huweirini, who has worked closely with the US, was wounded in the December 4 shooting, US officials said.	1
General Huweirini, who has worked closely with the US, was wounded in the shooting on December 4, US officials said.	General Huweirini, who has worked closely with the US, was wounded in the shooting on December 4. US officials said.	1
General Huweirini, who has worked closely with the US, was wounded in the shooting on December 4, US officials said.	General Huweirini, who worked closely with the US, was wounded in the shooting on December 4, US officials said.	1
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy also dissented from the dismissal.	Justice Anthony Kennedy dissented from dismissal.	1
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy also dissented from the dismissal.	Justice Anthony Kennedy also dissented from dismissing.	1
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy also dissented from the dismissal.	Justice Anthony Kennedy has dissented from the dismissal.	1
With the government grant added in, the airline earned $246 million, or 30 cents a share.	With the government grant added in, the airline earned $246 million, or 30 cents per share.	1
With the government grant added in, the airline earned $246 million, or 30 cents a share.	With a government grant added in, the airline earned $246 million or 30 cents per share.	1
Mr Russell, 46, a coal miner from Brisbane, said: "They are obviously hurting, so we are basically going over there to help them."	Mr Russell, 46, a coal miner from Brisbane, said: "They are obviously hurting so we are basically going over there to help them."	1
Mr Russell, 46, a coal miner from Brisbane, said: "They are obviously hurting, so we are basically going over there to help them."	Mr Russell, 46, is a coal miner from Brisbane. He said: "They are obviously hurting so we are basically going over there to help them."	1
Mr Russell, 46, a coal miner from Brisbane, said: "They are obviously hurting, so we are basically going over there to help them."	"They are obviously hurting, so we are basically going over there to help them," said Mr Russell, 46, a coal miner from Brisbane.	1
The New York Democrat and former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004, but has not ruled out a race in later years.	The New York Democrat and former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004 but has not ruled out a race in later years.	1
The New York Democrat and former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004, but has not ruled out a race in later years.	The New York Democrat and former First Lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004 but has not ruled out a race in later years.	1
The New York Democrat and former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004, but has not ruled out a race in later years.	New York Democrat and former first lady has said she won't run for the White House in 2004 but has not ruled out a race in later years.	1
The New York Democrat and former first lady has said she will not run for the White House in 2004, but has not ruled out a race in later years.	The New York Democrat and former first lady has said she won't run for the White House in 2004 but has not ruled out a race in the future.	1
Other recall suits are pending in federal court.	Other recall lawsuits are pending in federal court.	1
Analysts have estimated the worth of the core properties at $10 billion-$15 billion.	Analysts have estimated the worth of the core property at $10 billion - $15 billion.	1
Analysts have estimated the worth of the core properties at $10 billion-$15 billion.	Analysts have estimated the worth of core properties at $10 billion-$15 billion.	1
Analysts have estimated the worth of the core properties at $10 billion-$15 billion.	Analysts have estimated the value of the core properties at $10 billion - $15 billion.	1
A prosecutor says Dorchester County parents were responsible for the death of their a 6-year-old autistic son, whose body was found in a pond near the family home.	A prosecutor says Dorchester County parents were responsible for the death of their a 6-year-old autistic son. His body was found in a pond near the family home.	1
A prosecutor says Dorchester County parents were responsible for the death of their a 6-year-old autistic son, whose body was found in a pond near the family home.	A prosecutor says Dorchester County parents were responsible for the death of their 6-year-old autistic son, whose body was found in a pond near the family home.	1
A prosecutor says Dorchester County parents were responsible for the death of their a 6-year-old autistic son, whose body was found in a pond near the family home.	A prosecutor says Dorchester County parents were responsible for the death of their 6-year-old autistic son, who was found in a pond near the family home.	1
A prosecutor says Dorchester County parents were responsible for the death of their a 6-year-old autistic son, whose body was found in a pond near the family home.	A prosecutor says the Dorchester County parents were responsible for the death of their 6-year-old autistic son, whose body was found in a pond near the family home.	1
A prosecutor says Dorchester County parents were responsible for the death of their a 6-year-old autistic son, whose body was found in a pond near the family home.	A prosecutor says Dorchester County parents were responsible for the death of their 6-year-old autistic son, who was found dead in a pond near the family home.	1
A prosecutor says Dorchester County parents were responsible for the death of their a 6-year-old autistic son, whose body was found in a pond near the family home.	An prosecutor says Dorchester County parents were responsible for the death of their 6-year-old autistic son, whose body was found in a pond near the family home.	1
A prosecutor says Dorchester County parents were responsible for the death of their a 6-year-old autistic son, whose body was found in a pond near the family home.	A prosecutor says Dorchester County parents were responsible for the death of their 6-year-old autistic son, who was found in a pond near their home.	1
At least 7000 computers were affected by Parson's worm, Assistant US Attorney Paul Luehr said.	According to the US Attorney Paul Luehr, at least 7000 computers were affected by Parson's worm, assistant US attorney Paul Luehr said.	1
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.	The International Committee of the Red Cross announced on Saturday that it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.	1
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.	On Saturday the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.	1
It held elections in 1990, but refused to recognize the results after Suu Kyi's party won.	It held elections in 1990 but refused to recognize the results after Suu Kyi's party won.	1
It held elections in 1990, but refused to recognize the results after Suu Kyi's party won.	It held elections in 1990, but refused to recognize the results after Suu Kyi's party won the elections.	1
The findings appear in next Friday's Physical Review Letters.	The findings appear in next Friday's Physical Review Letters. The findings are not yet published.	1
In Washington, the federal government remained closed for a second day.	In Washington, the federal government remained closed for the second day.	1
In Washington, the federal government remained closed for a second day.	In Washington the federal government remained closed for a second day.	1
In Washington, the federal government remained closed for a second day.	In Washington, the federal government closed for a second day.	1
In Washington, the federal government remained closed for a second day.	In Washington the federal government remained closed for the second day.	1
In Washington, the federal government remained closed for a second day.	In Washington, the federal government was closed for a second day.	1
In Washington, the federal government remained closed for a second day.	In Washington, the federal government remained closed for two days.	1
It does not affect the current Windows Media Player 9.0 Series.	It does not affect the Windows Media Player 9.0 series.	1
It does not affect the current Windows Media Player 9.0 Series.	Does not affect the current Windows Media Player 9.0 series.	1
It does not affect the current Windows Media Player 9.0 Series.	This is not an issue with the current Windows Media Player 9.0 Series.	1
It does not affect the current Windows Media Player 9.0 Series.	Does not affect the current Windows Media Player 9.0 Series.	1
It does not affect the current Windows Media Player 9.0 Series.	This does not affect the current Windows Media Player 9.0 Series.	1
Aquila is short of cash, and Avon bondholders at one point feared it may default on interest payments.	Aquila is short of cash, and at one point the Avon bondholders at one point feared it would default on interest payments.	1
Aquila is short of cash, and Avon bondholders at one point feared it may default on interest payments.	Aquila is short of cash, and Avon bondholders at one point feared it might default on interest payments.	1
Aquila is short of cash, and Avon bondholders at one point feared it may default on interest payments.	Aquila is short of cash, and Avon bondholders at one point feared it would default on interest payments.	1
Aquila is short of cash, and Avon bondholders at one point feared it may default on interest payments.	Aquila is short of cash, and Avon bonds at one point feared it may default on interest payments.	1
Aquila is short of cash, and Avon bondholders at one point feared it may default on interest payments.	Aquila is short of cash, and Avon bonds at one point feared it might default on interest payments.	1
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.	Janice Kelly said her husband had been told by senior MoD officials that his name would not be released.	1
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.	Janice Kelly said her husband has received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name won’t be made public.	1
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.	Janice Kelly says her husband has received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.	1
Janice Kelly said her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.	Janice Kelly says her husband had received assurances from senior MoD officials that his name would not be made public.	1
In the evening, he asked for six pizzas and soda, which police delivered.	In the evening, he asked for six pizzas and soda, which police delivered. In the evening, he asked for six pizzas and soda.	1
In the evening, he asked for six pizzas and soda, which police delivered.	He asked for six pizzas and soda in the evening, which police delivered.	1
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.	In a 12-month period, the rate of high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.	1
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.	It is true that for the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.	1
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.	During the 12-month period, high speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.	1
Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February, and is also suspected of a 1997 Georgia killing.	Paul Durousseau, 30, was charged with murder in five Jacksonville slayings between December and February, and is also suspected of a 1997 Georgia murder.	1
Advancers outnumbered decliners 1,821 to 1,199 on the New York Stock Exchange on volume of just over 480 million shares.	Advancers outnumbered decliners 1,821 to 1,199 on the New York Stock Exchange on volume just over 480 million shares.	1
Advancers outnumbered decliners 1,821 to 1,199 on the New York Stock Exchange on volume of just over 480 million shares.	On the New York Stock Exchange on volume of just over 480 million shares, advancers outnumbered decliners 1,821 to 1,199.	1
Advancers outnumbered decliners 1,821 to 1,199 on the New York Stock Exchange on volume of just over 480 million shares.	Investors outnumbered decliners 1,821 to 1,199 on the New York Stock Exchange on volume of just over 480 million shares.	1
Advancers outnumbered decliners 1,821 to 1,199 on the New York Stock Exchange on volume of just over 480 million shares.	In New York stock exchange, Advancers outnumbered decliners 1,821 to 1,199 on volume of just over 480 million shares.	1
Advancers outnumbered decliners 1,821 to 1,199 on the New York Stock Exchange on volume of just over 480 million shares.	On the New York Stock Exchange, advancers outnumbered decliners 1,821 to 1,199 on volume of just over 480 million shares.	1
Advancers outnumbered decliners 1,821 to 1,199 on the New York Stock Exchange on volume of just over 480 million shares.	On the New York Stock Exchange, Advancers outnumbered decliners 1,821 to 1,199 on volume of just over 480 million shares.	1
Mississippi placed among the bottom 10 states in 13 of the 17 measures.	Mississippi was placed among the bottom 10 states in 13 of the 17 measures.	1
Mississippi placed among the bottom 10 states in 13 of the 17 measures.	In 13 of the 17 measures, Mississippi placed among the bottom 10 states.	1
Mississippi placed among the bottom 10 states in 13 of the 17 measures.	Mississippi is ranked among the bottom 10 states in 13 of the 17 measures.	1
Mississippi placed among the bottom 10 states in 13 of the 17 measures.	Mississippi was placed in the bottom 10 states in 13 of the 17 measures.	1
The seizure took place at 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.	The seizure took place at 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first American Air attack.	1
The seizure took place at 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.	The seizure took place at 4 a.m. on March 18 just hours before the first American air assault.	1
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	Most other potential buyers are mostly interested in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	1
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	Almost all other potential buyers are more interested in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	1
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	Most potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	1
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	Most potential buyers are just interested in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	1
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	Most other potential buyers are only interested in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	1
"Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.	"Generally unwanted and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.	1
"Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.	"Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes, warming up for the punchline.	1
"Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.	"Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes, warming up to us for the punchline.	1
"Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or with fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.	"Generally unwanted - and often pornographic or fraudulent intent - spam is a nuisance and a distraction," Gates writes, warming us up for the punchline.	1
"We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11."	We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9/11."	1
"We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11."	“We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11."	1
"We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11."	We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11.	1
"We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11."	"We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9/11."	1
"We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11."	We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11."	1
"We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11."	We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9/11.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41."	The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41."	The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41"	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41."	"The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41"	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41."	Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41."	The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41. "	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41."	The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41""	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41."	Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.14, or 1.2 percent, to 931.41"	1
In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study.	In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study showed.	1
In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study.	In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study revealed.	1
In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study.	In the year 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study.	1
In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study.	In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, study showed.	1
In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study.	In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study found.	1
In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study.	In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, according to the study.	1
In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study.	In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study said.	1
In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study.	In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study shows.	1
In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study.	In 2002, spending on inpatient hospital care grew by 6.8 percent and the costs of outpatient hospital care rose by 14.6 percent, the study says.	1
This decision would "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy," he said.	"This decision would throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy," he said.	1
This decision would "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy," he said.	This decision would "throw a monkey wrench" into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy, he said.	1
This decision would "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy," he said.	'This decision would throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy,' he said.	1
The truck was later found parked near the Tacoma Mall about three miles away.	The truck was found parked at Tacoma Mall about three miles away.	1
The truck was later found parked near the Tacoma Mall about three miles away.	The truck was found parked near the Tacoma Mall about 3 miles away.	1
The truck was later found parked near the Tacoma Mall about three miles away.	The truck was found parked near Tacoma Mall about three miles away.	1
The truck was later found parked near the Tacoma Mall about three miles away.	The truck was found parked near the Tacoma Mall about three miles away.	1
Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively.	Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human services organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively.	1
Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively.	Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28,6 percent, respectively.	1
Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively.	Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to Human Services organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively.	1
Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively.	Donations from the September 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively.	1
Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively.	Donations stemming from the 9/11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively.	1
Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively.	Donations from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to Human Services organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively.	1
Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively.	Donations from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively.	1
Donations stemming from the Sept. 11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively.	Donations from the 9/11 attacks helped push up contributions to human service organizations and large branches of the United Way by 15 percent and 28.6 percent, respectively.	1
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.	No charges have been named in the statement. Court proceedings are expected Monday.	1
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.	No charges have been announced but legal action is expected Monday.	1
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.	No charges were announced, but a statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.	1
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.	The WHO says the latest SARS case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.	1
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.	WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.	1
He was a close associate of Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed," Bush said.	"He was a close associate of 9/11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed," Bush said.	1
He was a close associate of Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed," Bush said.	He was a close associate of 9/11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed, said Bush.	1
Some analysts estimate sales of Xolair could reach $260 million by 2006 and $750 million by 2008.	Some analysts estimate that sales of Xolair could reach $260 million by 2006 and $750 million by 2008.	1
Some analysts estimate sales of Xolair could reach $260 million by 2006 and $750 million by 2008.	According to some analysts, sales of Xolair could reach $260 million by 2006 and $750 million by 2008.	1
The highly integrated amplifiers for driving microphone and speakers, the part requires only minimal external components.	The highly integrated amplifiers for driving microphone and speaker, the part requires only minimal external components.	1
For the week, the Russell 2000, the barometer of smaller company stocks, advanced 11.92, or 2.5 percent, closing at 497.42.	And last week, Russell 2000, the barometer of smaller company stocks, gained 11.92, or 2.5 percent, closing at 497.42.	1
For the week, the Russell 2000, the barometer of smaller company stocks, advanced 11.92, or 2.5 percent, closing at 497.42.	For the week, the Russell 2000, the barometer of small company stocks, advanced 11.92, or 2.5 percent, closing at 497.42.	1
In Chatsworth, 52km north-west of Los Angeles, residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were being told to begin gathering their belongings.	In Chatsworth, 52km north-west of Los Angeles, residents of multimillion-dollar homes were being told to begin gathering their belongings.	1
In Chatsworth, 52km north-west of Los Angeles, residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were being told to begin gathering their belongings.	In Chatsworth, 52km north-west of Los Angeles, residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were being told to start gathering their belongings.	1
In Chatsworth, 52km north-west of Los Angeles, residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were being told to begin gathering their belongings.	In Chatsworth, 52km north-west of Los Angeles, residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were being told to begin gathering their belongings there.	1
In Chatsworth, 52km north-west of Los Angeles, residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were being told to begin gathering their belongings.	In Chatsworth, 52km north-west of Los Angeles, residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were being told to start gathering their belongings there.	1
In Chatsworth, 52km north-west of Los Angeles, residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were being told to begin gathering their belongings.	In Chatsworth, 52km north-west of Los Angeles, residents of multimillion-dollar homes were being told to begin gathering their belongings there.	1
Thompson ordered Moore to remove the monument within 30 days, but stayed that order pending Moore's appeal to the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.	Thompson ordered Moore to remove the monument within 30 days but stayed that order pending Moore's appeal to the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.	1
Her 92-year-old husband is now severely debilitated by Alzheimer's disease.	Her husband, 92, is severely debilitated by Alzheimer's disease.	1
Daniels said he doesn't know what Bush will have to say about him at tonight's $2,000-per-person presidential fund-raiser.	Daniels said he doesn't know what President-elect Bush will say about him at tonight's $2,000 a person fund-raiser.	1
In May, Mr. Hatfill said he was struck by a vehicle being driven by an FBI employee who was tailing him in Georgetown.	In May, Mr. Hatfill said he was hit by a vehicle being driven by an FBI employee who was tailing him in Georgetown.	1
Also, hospital efforts to start "fever clinics" in parking lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency rooms are "moving along impressively," Dr. Roth said.	Also, hospital efforts to start "fever clinics" in parking lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency room are "moving along impressively," Dr. Roth said.	1
Also, hospital efforts to start "fever clinics" in parking lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency rooms are "moving along impressively," Dr. Roth said.	Hospital efforts to start "fever clinics" in parking lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency room are "moving along impressively", Dr. Roth said.	1
His opinion contradicts one issued in 1992 by then-Attorney General Bob Stephan.	His view contradicts that issued in 1992 by then-Attorney General Bob Stephan.	1
His opinion contradicts one issued in 1992 by then-Attorney General Bob Stephan.	His opinion contradicts that issued in 1992 by then-Attorney General Bob Stephan.	1
His opinion contradicts one issued in 1992 by then-Attorney General Bob Stephan.	Certainly, his opinion contradicts one issued in 1992 by then-Attorney General Bob Stephan.	1
You can use interactive features on the IRS Web site (www.irs.gov) to track refunds or advance child-credit payments.	You can use interactive features on IRS Web site (www.irs.gov) to track refunds or advance child-credit payments.	1
"I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that," he said.	I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that "," he said.	1
"I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that," he said.	"I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that" he said.	1
"I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that," he said.	I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that," he said.	1
"I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that," he said.	"I'll support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that," he said.	1
"I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that," he said.	I would support a constitutional amendment that would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that," he said.	1
"I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that," he said.	I support the Constitution amendment which would honour marriage between a man and a woman, codify that," he said.	1
"I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that," he said.	"I support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that," he said.	1
"I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that," he said.	I would support the constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that," he said.	1
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman said she will send a U.S. technical team to Canada to assist in the situation.	Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman said she will send a U.S. technical team to Canada to assist with the situation.	1
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman said she will send a U.S. technical team to Canada to assist in the situation.	Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman said she will send a U.S. technical team to Canada to assist in the situation.	1
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman said she will send a U.S. technical team to Canada to assist in the situation.	U.S. agriculture secretary Ann Veneman said she would send a U.S. technical team to Canada to assist in the situation.	1
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	While JI has undoubted links with al Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	1
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, "the relationship may be less one of subservience... than mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance"	1
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than one of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	1
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	Since JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance."	1
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	While JI has undubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience [than] mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	1
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance."	1
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	While JI has undubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than one of mutual benefit and reciprocal assistance".	1
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	As JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual benefit and reciprocal assistance."	1
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	While JI has undubted links with Al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance."	1
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	Though JI has undoubted links with Al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance."	1
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	While JI has undoubted links to al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual benefit and reciprocal assistance".	1
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than one of mutual benefit and reciprocal assistance."	1
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual benefit and reciprocal assistance".	1
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	Whereas JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	1
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience than one of mutual benefit and reciprocal assistance."	1
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than one of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance."	1
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	If JI has undoubted links with Al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance."	1
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."	He told the jury Stubbs was a "cold, calculating killer."	1
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."	He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer".	1
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."	He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer"	1
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."	He told the jury that Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer".	1
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."	He told the jury Stubbs was "a cold, calculating killer."	1
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."	He told the jury that Stubbs was a "cold, calculating killer."	1
He told the jury Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."	He told the jury that Stubbs is a "cold, calculating killer."	1
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.	Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09 a share.	1
Helen Sharkey, 31, and Gene Foster, 44, pleaded guilty Tuesday to one count of conspiracy to commit securities fraud.	Helen Sharkey, 31, and Gene Foster, 44, pleaded guilty on Tuesday to one count of conspiracy to commit securities fraud.	1
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.	Authorities from Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched the bodies.	1
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.	Authorities have searched the bodies of deceased people in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan.	1
Authorities in Ohio, Indiana and Michigan have searched for the bodies.	In Ohio, Indiana and Michigan, authorities are searching for the bodies.	1
Excluding autos, retail sales rose by 0.3% in September, lower than a forecast rise of 0.5%.	Retail sales rose by 0.3% in September, lower than a forecast rise of 0.5%. Excluding autos, retail sales rose by 0.3% in September.	1
Excluding autos, retail sales rose by 0.3% in September, lower than a forecast rise of 0.5%.	Excluding automobiles, retail sales rose by 0.3% in September, lower than a forecast rise of 0.5%.	1
Excluding autos, retail sales rose by 0.3% in September, lower than a forecast rise of 0.5%.	Retail sales rose by 0.3% in September, excluding autos, lower than a forecast rise of 0.5%.	1
IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.	IBM of USA and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.	1
IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.	IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany today announced a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.	1
IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.	Infineon Technologies of Germany and IBM of the US will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi billion dollar memory chip markets.	1
IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.	IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technology that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.	1
IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.	Infineon Technologies of Germany and IBM of the US will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.	1
IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.	Infineon Technologies of Germany and IBM of US will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.	1
IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.	IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chips markets.	1
IBM of the US and Infineon Technologies of Germany will today announce a technological development that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.	Infineon Technologies of Germany and IBM of the US will today announce a technology that could threaten multi-billion dollar memory chip markets.	1
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.	Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.	1
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.	Earlier in the month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 and 11 cents a share.	1
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.	This month, RIM had announced that it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.	1
Earlier this month, RIM had said it expected to report second-quarter earnings of between 7 cents and 11 cents a share.	RIM's earnings in the second quarter were between 7 cents and 11 cents a share. Earlier this month, it had said it expected to report revenue of between 7 cents and 11 cents.	1
In court, Stewart briefly waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box.	In the courtroom, Stewart briefly waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box.	1
In court, Stewart briefly waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box.	In the Courtroom, Stewart briefly waved to courtroom sketch artists seated in the jury box.	1
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.	In the battle for creating an asbestos trust fund (Fund) the US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.	1
Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children's clothing area, adding saltwater fish tanks and activities.	1
Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	Nordstrom is expanding its play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt water fish tanks and activities.	1
Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	Nordstrom also has expanded its play area in the children's clothing area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	1
Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt water fish tanks and activities.	1
Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	Nordstrom is also expanding the play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	1
Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	Nordstrom is also expanding its play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	1
Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	Nordstrom has expanded the children's play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt water fish tanks and activities.	1
Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	Nordstrom is also expanding the playground area in the children's clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	1
Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children's clothing area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	1
Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	Nordstrom also has expanded its play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	1
Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	Nordstrom is also expanding its play area in the children's clothing area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	1
Yesterday, Taiwan reported 35 new infections, bringing the total number of cases to 418.	Yesterday, Taiwan reported 35 new infections, bringing the total number of cases to 417.	1
Yesterday, Taiwan reported 35 new infections, bringing the total number of cases to 418.	In Taiwan yesterday, 35 new infections were reported, bringing the total number of cases to 418.	1
A former employee of a local power company pleaded guilty Wednesday to setting off a bomb that knocked out a power substation during the Winter Olympics last year.	A former employee of a local power company pleaded guilty Wednesday to setting off a bomb that knocked out a substation during the Winter Olympics last year.	1
Additionally, early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7.	In addition, early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7.	1
Additionally, early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7.	In addition to early voting, early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7.	1
Additionally, early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7.	From now on, early voting will be held from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7.	1
Additionally, early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7.	Besides, early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7.	1
Additionally, early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7.	Early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7. Additionally, early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7.	1
Additionally, early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7.	As of today, early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. on Sept. 7.	1
Additionally, early voting will be conducted from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7.	The Early Voting period will be held from 1 to 6 p.m. Sept. 7.	1
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.	Enron's 401k plans covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.	1
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.	Enron's 401(k) plan covered roughly 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.	1
Enron's 401(k) plan covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.	Enron's 401(k) plans covered about 20,000 workers, retirees and beneficiaries.	1
He said that it would be ''very difficult'' to establish a cause of death.	He said it would be ''very difficult'' to establish the cause of death.	1
Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering said the victims appeared to be customers of the bank.	Webster Police Chief Gerald Pickering said the victims appeared to be customers of a Webster-area bank.	1
He said the situation undermines efforts to win international co-operation in the war on terror.	According to him, the situation undermines efforts to win international co-operation in the war on terror.	1
He said the situation undermines efforts to win international co-operation in the war on terror.	He said the situation undermined efforts to win international cooperation in the war against terror.	1
Once identified, remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan.	After being identified, remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan.	1
Once identified, remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan.	After being identified, remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility in Manhattan.	1
Once identified, remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan.	Once identified, remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility in Manhattan.	1
Once identified, remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan.	Once identified, remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called Memorial Park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility in Manhattan.	1
Once identified, remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan.	After their arrest, the bodies of the terrorists are removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan.	1
Once identified, remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan.	When terrorist remains are identified, they are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan.	1
Once identified, remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan.	When found, remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan.	1
It’s just another example of the global war on terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort”.	It’s just another example of the global war against terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort".	1
It’s just another example of the global war on terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort”.	It’s just another example of the global war on terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort.	1
It’s just another example of the global war on terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort”.	It’s just another example of the global war on terrorism and why this is going to be a long effort.“	1
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.	About 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.	1
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.	Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1. Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.	1
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.	Some 50 million phone numbers are registered in the database. The list was to take effect Oct. 1.	1
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.	Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list. The list was to take effect Oct. 1.	1
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.	About 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list. The list was to take effect Oct. 1.	1
By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.	By contrast, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.	1
By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.	By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or over increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.	1
By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.	In comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.	1
By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.	By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to 1 in 400.	1
By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.	By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to about 1 in 400.	1
By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.	In fact, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.	1
By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.	The proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.	1
By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.	By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or over increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to 1 in 400.	1
By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.	In comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to 1 in 400.	1
By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.	In other words, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.	1
"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Reed said in a letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members.	"We will clearly modify some features of our plans and their administration," Reed said in the letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members.	1
"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Reed said in a letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members.	We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Reed wrote in a letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members.	1
"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Reed said in a letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members.	"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Reed wrote in a letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members.	1
"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Reed said in a letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members.	Reed said in a letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members, "We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration."	1
Plants still must abide by state and federal air-pollution laws, so there will not be an increase in smog, the administration argues.	Plants still must abide by state and federal air pollution laws, so there will not be an increase in smog, the administration argues.	1
Plants still must abide by state and federal air-pollution laws, so there will not be an increase in smog, the administration argues.	Plants still must abide by state and federal air-pollution laws, so there won’t be an increase in smog, the administration argues.	1
"The fire calmed down considerably overnight, then it rained," said Andy Lyon, spokesman for the fire south of the city.	"The fire calmed considerably overnight, then it rained," said Andy Lyon, spokesman for the fire south of the city.	1
"The fire calmed down considerably overnight, then it rained," said Andy Lyon, spokesman for the fire south of the city.	The fire calmed down considerably overnight, then it rained" said Andy Lyon, spokesman for the fire south of the city.	1
"The fire calmed down considerably overnight, then it rained," said Andy Lyon, spokesman for the fire south of the city.	The fire calmed down considerably overnight, then it rained," said Andy Lyon, spokesman for the fire south of the city.	1
The news will be announced Monday morning in Dallas at Tech Ed 2003 during a keynote by Paul Flessner, senior vice president of Microsoft's Server Platform Division.	Will the news be announced Monday morning in Dallas at Tech Ed 2003 during a keynote by Paul Flessner, Senior Vice President of Microsoft's Server Platform Division.	1
The Taiwan Stock Exchange will ask the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) to suspend trading in Mosel shares.	The Taiwan Stock Exchange is asking the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) to suspend trading in Mosel shares.	1
The Taiwan Stock Exchange will ask the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) to suspend trading in Mosel shares.	The Taiwan Stock Exchange has asked the Securities and Futures Commission to suspend trading in Mosel shares.	1
The Taiwan Stock Exchange will ask the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) to suspend trading in Mosel shares.	The Taiwan Stock Exchange (Taiwan Stock Exchange) will ask the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) to suspend trading in Mosel shares.	1
All three had criminal records for stealing cattle, the statement said.	All three had criminal records of stealing cattle, the statement said.	1
All three had criminal records for stealing cattle, the statement said.	All three have criminal records for stealing cattle, the statement said.	1
Auditors acknowledged the auditors did not look at priests' personnel files.	Auditor acknowledged that auditors did not look at priests' personnel files.	1
Auditors acknowledged the auditors did not look at priests' personnel files.	Auditors acknowledged that the auditors did not look at priests' personnel files.	1
Auditors acknowledged the auditors did not look at priests' personnel files.	Auditors admit auditors didn't look at priests' personnel files.	1
Thyroid hormones are known to help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism - and cutting cholesterol - but come with the unwanted side effect of speeding up the heartbeat.	Thyroid hormones help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism - and cutting cholesterol - but come with the unwanted side effect of speeding up the heartbeat.	1
Thyroid hormones are known to help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism - and cutting cholesterol - but come with the unwanted side effect of speeding up the heartbeat.	Thyroid hormones are known to help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism - and cutting cholesterol - but come with the unwanted side effect of speeding up the heart beat.	1
Thyroid hormones are known to help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism - and cutting cholesterol - but come with the unwanted side effect of speeding up the heartbeat.	Thyroid hormones are known to help with weight loss by stimulating metabolism - and cutting cholesterol - but come with the unwanted side effect of speeding up the heartbeat.	1
Thyroid hormones are known to help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism - and cutting cholesterol - but come with the unwanted side effect of speeding up the heartbeat.	Thyroid hormones can help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism - and cutting cholesterol - but come with the unwanted side effect of speeding up the heartbeat.	1
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.	But U.S. troops won't shy from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.	1
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.	But American troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.	1
"We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals," she said in the statement.	"We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of external professionals," she said in the statement.	1
"We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals," she said in the statement.	We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals", she said in the statement.	1
"We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals," she said in the statement.	"We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals," she said.	1
"We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals," she said in the statement.	We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals," she said in the statement.	1
"We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals," she said in the statement.	We are in the process of a thorough internal review, with the assistance of outside professionals," she said in the statement.	1
Senator Hill appeared completely unaware of the issue, which has been of serious concern to US, Australian and British intelligence officers.	Senator Hill appeared totally unaware of the issue, which has been of serious concern to US, Australian and British intelligence officers.	1
Senator Hill appeared completely unaware of the issue, which has been of serious concern to US, Australian and British intelligence officers.	Senator Hill appeared unaware of the issue, which has been of significant concern to US, Australian and British intelligence officers.	1
Senator Hill appeared completely unaware of the issue, which has been of serious concern to US, Australian and British intelligence officers.	Senator Hill seemed completely unaware of the issue, which has been of serious concern to US, Australian and British intelligence officers.	1
Senator Hill appeared completely unaware of the issue, which has been of serious concern to US, Australian and British intelligence officers.	Senator Hill appears totally unaware of the issue, which has been of serious concern to US, Australian and British intelligence officers.	1
Senator Hill appeared completely unaware of the issue, which has been of serious concern to US, Australian and British intelligence officers.	Senator Hill appears completely unaware of the issue, which has been of serious concern to US, Australian and British intelligence officers.	1
Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was "an evil man" but maintained that "he has committed an evil act."	Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine whether Hovan was "an evil man" but maintained that "he has committed an evil act."	1
Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was "an evil man" but maintained that "he has committed an evil act."	Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was an evil man but maintains that "he has committed an evil act."	1
Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was "an evil man" but maintained that "he has committed an evil act."	Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine whether Hovan was an evil man but maintained that "he has committed an evil act."	1
Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was "an evil man" but maintained that "he has committed an evil act."	Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine whether hovan was an evil man but maintained that "he has committed an evil act"	1
Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was "an evil man" but maintained that "he has committed an evil act."	Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine whether Hovan was "an evil man" but maintained that "he has committed an evil act"	1
Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was "an evil man" but maintained that "he has committed an evil act."	Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine whether Hovan was an "evil man" but he maintained that "he has committed an evil act."	1
Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was "an evil man" but maintained that "he has committed an evil act."	Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine whether Hovan is an evil man but maintained that "he has committed an evil act"	1
Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was "an evil man" but maintained that "he has committed an evil act."	Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was an evil man but maintained that "he has committed an evil act."	1
Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was "an evil man" but maintained that "he has committed an evil act."	Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine whether Hovan was "an evil man" but maintained that "he has committed an evil act".	1
Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was "an evil man" but maintained that "he has committed an evil act."	Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was "an evil man" but maintained that "he has committed an evil act".	1
Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was "an evil man" but maintained that "he has committed an evil act."	Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was an evil man but maintained that "he has committed an evil act".	1
Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine if Hovan was "an evil man" but maintained that "he has committed an evil act."	Judge Craig Doran said it wasn't his role to determine whether Hovan was an evil man but maintained that "he has committed an evil act".	1
In its quarter ended May 30, Adobe earned $64.25 million, or 27 cents a share.	In its quarterly quarter ended May 30, Adobe earned $64.25 million, or 27 cents a share.	1
In its quarter ended May 30, Adobe earned $64.25 million, or 27 cents a share.	In the quarter ended May 30, Adobe earned $64.25 million, or 27 cents a share.	1
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	Doctors believe that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	1
Indeed, prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-Sept. 11 operation outside the United States.	Yes, prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended that he was part of a post-Sept. 11 operation outside the United States.	1
Indeed, prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-Sept. 11 operation outside the United States.	Prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-September 11 operation outside the United States.	1
Indeed, prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-Sept. 11 operation outside the United States.	So, prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-Sept. 11 operation outside the United States. Certainly, prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-Sept. 11 operation outside the United States.	1
Indeed, prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-Sept. 11 operation outside the United States.	Yes, prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-September 11 operation outside of the United States.	1
Indeed, prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-Sept. 11 operation outside the United States.	Yes, prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-Sept. 11 operation outside the United States.	1
Indeed, prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-Sept. 11 operation outside the United States.	Indeed, prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-September 11 operation outside the United States.	1
Telemarketers argue that there is no logical link between the registry's limited scope and advancing that interest.	Telemarketers argue that there is no logical link between the registry's limited scope and advancing this interest.	1
Telemarketers argue that there is no logical link between the registry's limited scope and advancing that interest.	Telemarketers argue that there is no logical link between advancing the registry's limited scope and implementing this interest.	1
Telemarketers argue that there is no logical link between the registry's limited scope and advancing that interest.	Telemarketers argue that there is no logical link between registry's limited scope and advancing that interest.	1
I thought things went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on the field," Sarwan said.	I thought things went overboard but I prefer to leave it on the field," Sarwan said.	1
I thought things went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on the field," Sarwan said.	"I thought things went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on the field," Sarwan said.	1
I thought things went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on the field," Sarwan said.	I thought things went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on the field", Sarwan said.	1
I thought things went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on the field," Sarwan said.	I think things went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on the field," Sarwan said.	1
I thought things went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on the field," Sarwan said.	I thought it went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on field," Sarwan said.	1
I thought things went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on the field," Sarwan said.	I thought things went overboard but I prefer to leave it on field," Sarwan said.	1
I thought things went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on the field," Sarwan said.	I thought things went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on field," Sarwan said.	1
I thought things went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on the field," Sarwan said.	I thought things went overboard but I prefer to leave it on field." Sarwan said.	1
The North Shore Long Island Jewish Health System in New York announced plans for a tissue bank this month.	North Shore Long Island Jewish Health System in New York announced plans for a tissue bank this month.	1
The tone was set by President Hu, the 60-year-old who became the Communist Partys general secretary in November last year and then the countrys president in March this year.	The tone was set by President Hu, the 60-year-old who became the Communist Party's general secretary in November last year and then the countrys president in March this year.	1
The tone was set by President Hu, the 60-year-old who became the Communist Partys general secretary in November last year and then the countrys president in March this year.	Where the tone was set by President Hu, the 60-year-old who became the Communist Partys general secretary in November last year and then the countrys president in March this year.	1
After that process is completed, it will take an additional six to eight months to refurbish the center, Day said.	After that process is completed it will take an additional six to eight months to refurbish the center, Day said.	1
After that process is completed, it will take an additional six to eight months to refurbish the center, Day said.	After that process is completed, it will take an additional six to eight months to renovate the center, Day said.	1
After that process is completed, it will take an additional six to eight months to refurbish the center, Day said.	Once that process is completed, it will take an additional six to eight months to refurbish the center, Day said.	1
After that process is completed, it will take an additional six to eight months to refurbish the center, Day said.	After that process is completed, it will take six to eight months to refurbish the center, Day said.	1
After that process is completed, it will take an additional six to eight months to refurbish the center, Day said.	When that process is completed, it will take an additional six to eight months to refurbish the center, Day said.	1
Sentenced to 20 years to life, she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	She was sentenced to 20 years to life, but was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	1
Sentenced to 20 years to life, she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	Was Sentenced to 20 years to life, she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	1
Sentenced to 20 years to life, she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	She was sentenced to 20 years to life but was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	1
Sentenced to 20 years to life, she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	She was sentenced to 20 years to life and she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of her relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	1
Sentenced to 20 years to life, she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	She was sentenced to 20 years to life and was granted parole last month despite the opposition of her relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	1
Sentenced to 20 years to life, she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	Originally sentenced to 20 years to life, her parole application was granted last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	1
Sentenced to 20 years to life, she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	She was sentenced to 20 years to life and was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	1
Sentenced to 20 years to life, she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	In a case where she had been sentenced to 20 years to life, she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	1
Sentenced to 20 years to life, she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	When she was sentenced to 20 years to life, she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	1
Sentenced to 20 years to life, she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	She was sentenced to 20 years to life and received parole last month. She was granted parole last month despite the opposition of her family, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	1
Sentenced to 20 years to life, she was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	Originally sentenced to 20 years to life, the woman was granted parole last month despite the opposition of relatives, friends and colleagues of the slain men.	1
The Hartford shares rose $2.88, or 6.6 percent, to close Monday at $46.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.	The Hartford shares rose $2.88 or 6.6 percent to close Monday at $46.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.	Smith reportedly answered with "Oh, my God", in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.	1
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.	Smith then said "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.	1
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.	Smith said simply "Oh my God" in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.	1
Appellate courts across the country have issued differing rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.	Appellate courts across the country have issued different rulings on the issue, allowing public displays of the Ten Commandments in some cases and banning them in others.	1
An evaluation suggested there was no overall net clinical benefit in patients receiving the drug in the study, the companies said in a statement distributed by Business Wire.	No overall net clinical benefit was shown in patients receiving the drug in the study, the companies said in a statement distributed by Business Wire.	1
It also offers a built-in NAND flash boot loader so that high-density NAND flash memory can be used without having to install an additional support chip.	It also offers a built-in NAND flash boot loader so that high density NAND flash memory can be used without having to install an additional support chip.	1
It also offers a built-in NAND flash boot loader so that high-density NAND flash memory can be used without having to install an additional support chip.	It also offers a built-in flash boot loader so that high-density NAND flash memory can be used without having to install an additional support chip.	1
It also offers a built-in NAND flash boot loader so that high-density NAND flash memory can be used without having to install an additional support chip.	It also provides a built-in NAND flash boot loader so that high-density NAND flash can be used without having to install an additional support chip.	1
Meat giant Smithfield Foods Inc. has won a bidding war to buy a bankrupt Midwestern pork producer.	The meat giant Smithfield Foods Inc. has won a bid war to buy a bankrupt Midwestern pork producer.	1
Meat giant Smithfield Foods Inc. has won a bidding war to buy a bankrupt Midwestern pork producer.	Smithfield Foods Corp. has won a bidding war to buy a bankrupt Midwestern pork producer.	1
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.	Energy prices fell by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.	1
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.	Energy prices were slashed by 8.6 percent, the biggest drop since July 1986.	1
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.	Energy prices decreased by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.	1
More than 100 officers launched the raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine import and money laundering ring.	More than 100 officers conducted the raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating the cocaine import and money laundering ring.	1
October gasoline prices settled 1.47 cents lower at 78.70 cents a gallon.	October gasoline prices slid 1.47 cents lower at 78.70 cents a gallon.	1
The group expects to roll out the first products by the second half of 2004.	The group anticipates to roll out the first products by the second half of 2004.	1
The group expects to roll out the first products by the second half of 2004.	The group expects to roll out the first product in the second half of 2004.	1
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR rose 11/32 for a yield of 3.25 percent.	The benchmark 10-year note of US10YT=RR rose 11/32 for a yield of 3.25 percent.	1
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR rose 11/32 for a yield of 3.25 percent.	Is benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR rose 11/32 for a yield of 3.25 percent.	1
"We don't have new places to check," said Steve Anderson, a Waco public-information officer.	"We don't have any new places to check," said Steve Anderson, a Waco public-information officer. "We don't have new places to check."	1
"It's a terrible tragedy, people who were on the way home, all of a sudden, taken from us," Bloomberg said at a dockside news conference.	Is it a terrible tragedy, people who were on the way home, all of a sudden, taken from us," Bloomberg said at a dockside news conference.	1
"It's a terrible tragedy, people who were on the way home, all of a sudden, taken from us," Bloomberg said at a dockside news conference.	"It's a terrible tragedy, people who were on the way home, all of a sudden, taken from us," Bloomberg told dockside news conference.	1
"It's a terrible tragedy, people who were on the way home, all of a sudden, taken from us," Bloomberg said at a dockside news conference.	It's a terrible tragedy, people who were on the way home, all of a sudden, taken from us," Bloomberg said at a dockside news conference.	1
"It's a terrible tragedy, people who were on the way home, all of a sudden, taken from us," Bloomberg said at a dockside news conference.	Bloomberg: "It's a terrible tragedy, people who were on the way home, all of a sudden, taken from us," Bloomberg said at a dockside news conference.	1
"It seems to be following the sun," said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos.	"It seems to be following the sun", said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos.	1
"It seems to be following the sun," said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos.	"It seems to be following the sun" said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos.	1
"It seems to be following the sun," said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos.	At this point in time, IT seems to be following the sun, said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos.	1
"It seems to be following the sun," said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos.	It seems to be following the sun," said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos.	1
"It seems to be following the sun," said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos.	Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos, said it seems to be following the sun.	1
"It seems to be following the sun," said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos.	Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos, said "It seems to be following the sun."	1
"It seems to be following the sun," said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos.	It seems to be following the sun, said Graham Cluley, senior technology consultant at antivirus vendor Sophos.	1
Moose frequently criticizes reporters and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.	In the book, Moose frequently criticizes reporters and news organizations, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.	1
Moose frequently criticizes reporters and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.	Moose criticizes media in his book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.	1
Moose frequently criticizes reporters and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.	Moose has frequently criticized journalists and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.	1
Moose frequently criticizes reporters and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.	Moose often criticizes reporters and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.	1
Moose frequently criticizes reporters and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.	In the book, Moose criticizes reporters and news organizations for reporting on leaks from investigators.	1
Moose frequently criticizes reporters and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.	In the book Moose often criticizes reporters and news organizations, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.	1
Moose frequently criticizes reporters and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.	Moose often criticizes journalists and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.	1
Moose frequently criticizes reporters and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.	Moose criticizes journalists and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.	1
Moose frequently criticizes reporters and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.	Moose constantly criticizes reporters and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.	1
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	Indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	1
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	Indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack till the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	1
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	According to the indictment, Anwar Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	1
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack till the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	1
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	On his part, the indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	1
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	According to the indictment, Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	1
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	According to the indictment, Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack till the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	1
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	Indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	1
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	Indictment says that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	1
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	Indictment claims that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	1
The indictment charges that Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	Indictment says Mzoudi was involved in preparations for the attack until the end and was aware of and supported the attackers' violent goals.	1
Altria shares fell 2.5 percent or $1.11 to $42.57 and were the Dow's biggest percentage loser.	Altria share fell 2.5 percent or $1.11 to $42.57 and were the Dow's biggest percentage loser.	1
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there" that the cop is on the beat.	1
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat"	1
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is "a building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	1
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there's a building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat.	1
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there's a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat".	1
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat.	1
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	1
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	1
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there's "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat".	1
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	William Donaldson, the SEC chairman, said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	1
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	William Donaldson, SEC Chairman, said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	1
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	Will SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat"	1
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	William Donaldson, SEC chairman, said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat"	1
SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	William Donaldson, chairman of the SEC, said there is a "building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."	1
Called "Taxpayers Against the Recall," it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station.	"Taxpayers Against The Recall" was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station.	1
Called "Taxpayers Against the Recall," it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station.	"Taxpayers Against The Recall" was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside of a Sacramento fire station.	1
Called "Taxpayers Against the Recall," it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station.	"Taxpayers Against the Recall" was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station.	1
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.	Justice Anthony Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.	1
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.	Anthony M. Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.	1
The staged scene, covering several acres, featured smashed cars and buses, ruined buildings, scattered debris and spot fires.	A staged scene, covering several acres, featured smashed cars and buses, ruined buildings, scattered debris and spot fires.	1
The staged scene, covering several acres, featured smashed cars and buses, ruined buildings, scattered debris and spot fires.	Scenery of the staged scene, covering several acres, featured smashed cars and buses, ruined buildings, scattered debris and spot fires.	1
The staged scene, covering several acres, featured smashed cars and buses, ruined buildings, scattered debris and spot fires.	Staged scene, covering several acres, featured smashed cars and buses, ruined buildings, scattered debris and spot fires.	1
The staged scene, covering several acres, featured smashed cars and buses, ruined buildings, scattered debris and spot fires.	Staged scenes, covering several acres, featured smashed cars and buses, ruined buildings, scattered debris and spot fires.	1
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.	Those findings have been published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.	1
All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	All five suspects were arrested on charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	1
All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	All five suspects were charged with robbery and impersonation of a police officer.	1
All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	The five suspects in this case were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	1
All five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	The five suspects were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	1
SCO net income of $4.5 million, or 33 cents per share, on revenue of $21.4 million, in 2003's second fiscal quarter, ended April 30.	SCO reported net income of $4.5 million, or 33 cents per share, on revenue of $21.4 million, in 2003's second fiscal quarter, ended April 30.	1
SCO net income of $4.5 million, or 33 cents per share, on revenue of $21.4 million, in 2003's second fiscal quarter, ended April 30.	SCO net income of $4.5 million, or 33 cents per share, on revenue of $21.4 million in 2003's second fiscal quarter, ended April 30, 2003.	1
No rabies vaccine is available for humans in Zimbabwe and if it was it would be too expensive for most bitten by infected dogs.	If no rabies vaccine is available in Zimbabwe, it would be too expensive for most bitten by infected dogs.	1
ODonnell was just 3-of-5 for 24 yards and no touchdowns or interceptions a year ago.	ODonnell was only 3-of-5 for 24 yards and no touchdowns and no interceptions a year ago.	1
ODonnell was just 3-of-5 for 24 yards and no touchdowns or interceptions a year ago.	ODonnell was 3-of-5 for 24 yards and no touchdowns or interceptions a year ago.	1
India blamed that and other attacks on Pakistan-based militants fighting Indian rule in Kashmir, its only Muslim-majority state.	India blamed those and other attacks on Pakistan-based militants fighting Indian rule in Kashmir, its only Muslim-majority state.	1
However, several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	Several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	1
However, several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	Ministers from more developed APEC countries say failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	1
However, several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	And many ministers from more developed APEC countries have said failure to fight terrorists will be a cost in itself.	1
However, several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	Some ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	1
However, several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	Many ministers from more developed countries of APEC have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	1
However, several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	Many ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	1
However, several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	But some ministers from more developed APEC countries have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	1
However, several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	In the end, some ministers from the more developed APEC countries have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	1
However, several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	But some ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	1
However, several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	Many Ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	1
However, several ministers from more developed APEC economies have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	As a result, some ministers from more developed countries in APEC have said failure to fight terror will be a cost in itself.	1
She was persuaded not to resign but she was expected to be the victim of a forthcoming ministerial reshuffle.	She was persuaded not to resign but was expected to be the victim of a forthcoming ministerial reshuffle.	1
She was persuaded not to resign but she was expected to be the victim of a forthcoming ministerial reshuffle.	She was persuaded not to resign but was expected to be the victim of a ministerial reshuffle.	1
She was persuaded not to resign but she was expected to be the victim of a forthcoming ministerial reshuffle.	She was told not to resign but was likely to be the victim of a forthcoming ministerial reshuffle.	1
She was persuaded not to resign but she was expected to be the victim of a forthcoming ministerial reshuffle.	She was convinced not to resign but she was expected to be the victim of a forthcoming ministerial reshuffle.	1
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi must be counting his lucky stars.	Japanese prime minister Junichiro Koizumi will be counting his lucky stars.	1
Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi must be counting his lucky stars.	The Prime Minister of Japan Junichiro Koizumi must be counting his lucky stars.	1
"This legislation benefits the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen," Blagojevich told the crowd of political heavyweights at O'Hare.	"This bill benefits the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen," Blagojevich said. "This legislation benefits the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen," Blagojevich told the crowd of political heavyweights at O'Hare.	1
"This legislation benefits the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen," Blagojevich told the crowd of political heavyweights at O'Hare.	"This bill benefits the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen," Blagojevich told the crowd of political heavyweights at O'Hare.	1
"This legislation benefits the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen," Blagojevich told the crowd of political heavyweights at O'Hare.	"This bill benefits the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen," Blagojevich told a crowd of political heavyweights at O'Hare.	1
"This legislation benefits the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen," Blagojevich told the crowd of political heavyweights at O'Hare.	This legislation benefits the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen," Blagojevich told the crowd of political heavyweights at O'Hare.	1
"This legislation benefits the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen," Blagojevich told the crowd of political heavyweights at O'Hare.	This bill benefits the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen," Blagojevich told the crowd of political heavyweights at O'Hare.	1
It will be followed in November by a third movie, "The Matrix Revolutions."	It will be followed in November by the third movie, "The Matrix Revolutions."	1
It will be followed in November by a third movie, "The Matrix Revolutions."	Will be followed in November by a third movie, "The Matrix Revolutions".	1
It will be followed in November by a third movie, "The Matrix Revolutions."	In November, it will be followed by a third movie, "The Matrix Revolutions".	1
Malpractice victims say limits on damage payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied.	Malpractice victims say limit on damages payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied.	1
Malpractice victims say limits on damage payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied.	Malpractice victims say limits on damages payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied.	1
Malpractice victims say limits on damage payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied.	Malpractice victims say the limits on damages payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied.	1
Malpractice victims say limits on damage payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied.	Malpractice victims say the limits on damage payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied.	1
Malpractice victims say limits on damage payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied.	Malpractice victims say limitations on damages payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied.	1
Malpractice victims say limits on damage payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied.	Malpractice victims say that limits on damages payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied.	1
Malpractice victims say limits on damage payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied.	Malpractice victims say limitations on damage payouts make it less likely lawyers will take cases, meaning access to justice could be denied.	1
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.	Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfer.	1
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.	When schools fail to meet state goals for three years in a row, they must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.	1
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.	Analysts expect earnings of 27 cents per share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.	1
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.	Analysts expect earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.	1
Hearing was partially restored by an electronic ear implant.	Hearing was partially restored after an electronic ear implant was placed.	1
Hearing was partially restored by an electronic ear implant.	Hearing is partially restored after an electronic ear implant.	1
Three no votes would kill it for now.	Three no votes will kill it for now.	1
Three no votes would kill it for now.	3 no votes would kill it for now.	1
Three no votes would kill it for now.	If there were three no votes, that would kill it for now.	1
The German finance ministry on Monday said there was no case for softening.	The German finance ministry said Monday there is no case for softening.	1
The German finance ministry on Monday said there was no case for softening.	The German finance ministry on Monday said there is no case for softening.	1
The German finance ministry on Monday said there was no case for softening.	The German finance ministry said on Monday there was no case for softening.	1
The German finance ministry on Monday said there was no case for softening.	The German Finance Ministry said on Monday there is no case for softening.	1
The German finance ministry on Monday said there was no case for softening.	On Monday, the German finance ministry said there was no case for softening.	1
The German finance ministry on Monday said there was no case for softening.	The German Finance Ministry said Monday there is no case for softening.	1
The German finance ministry on Monday said there was no case for softening.	The German Finance Ministry said on Monday that there is no case for softening.	1
Massachusetts regulators and the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday pressed securities fraud charges against Putnam Investments and two of its former portfolio managers for alleged improper mutual fund trading.	In Massachusetts, the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday pressed securities fraud charges against Putnam Investments and two of its former portfolio managers for alleged improper mutual fund trading.	1
Massachusetts regulators and the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday pressed securities fraud charges against Putnam Investments and two of its former portfolio managers for alleged improper mutual fund trading.	The Securities and Exchange Commission and the Massachusetts regulators on Tuesday pressed securities fraud charges against Putnam Investments and two of its former portfolio managers for alleged improper mutual fund trading.	1
Massachusetts regulators and the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday pressed securities fraud charges against Putnam Investments and two of its former portfolio managers for alleged improper mutual fund trading.	Securities and Exchange Commission in Massachusetts on Tuesday pressed securities fraud charges against Putnam Investments and two of its former portfolio managers for alleged improper mutual fund trading.	1
Massachusetts regulators and the Securities and Exchange Commission on Tuesday pressed securities fraud charges against Putnam Investments and two of its former portfolio managers for alleged improper mutual fund trading.	Securities and Exchange Commission and Massachusetts regulators on Tuesday pressed securities fraud charges against Putnam Investments and two of its former portfolio managers for alleged improper mutual fund trading.	1
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.	Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if the ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.	1
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.	Tehran: Tehran has made clear that it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.	1
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.	Iran has made clear that it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.	1
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.	Tehran has made clear that it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.	1
Tehran has made clear it will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.	Iran will only sign the Additional Protocol introducing such inspections if a ban on the import of civilian Western nuclear technology is lifted.	1
"We are confident that this issue will be behind us by mid-year," said Nestle spokesman Francois Perroud, who declined to comment further.	"We are confident that this issue will be behind us by mid-year", said Nestle spokesman Francois Perroud, who declined to comment further.	1
"We are confident that this issue will be behind us by mid-year," said Nestle spokesman Francois Perroud, who declined to comment further.	"We are confident that this issue will be over in mid-year," said Nestle spokesman Francois Perroud, who declined to comment further.	1
"We are confident that this issue will be behind us by mid-year," said Nestle spokesman Francois Perroud, who declined to comment further.	"We are confident that this issue will be over us by mid-year," said Nestle spokesman Francois Perroud, who declined to comment further.	1
Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt, Warden Gene Fischi said.	Lee Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt, Warden Gene Fischi said.	1
Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt, Warden Gene Fischi said.	What happened when Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt, Warden Gene Fischi said.	1
Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt, Warden Gene Fischi said.	The partner in Selenski's jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt, Warden Gene Fischi said.	1
Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt, Warden Gene Fischi said.	Larry Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt, Warden Gene Fischi said.	1
Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt, Warden Gene Fischi said.	Warden Gene Fischi said Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt.	1
Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt, Warden Gene Fischi said.	Selene Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt, Warden Gene Fischi said.	1
Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt, Warden Gene Fischi said.	During the escape attempt, Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs, Warden Gene Fischi said.	1
Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt, Warden Gene Fischi said.	Aleksandar Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt, Warden Gene Fischi said.	1
Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs during the escape attempt, Warden Gene Fischi said.	In the escape attempt, Selenski's partner in the jailbreak, Scott Bolton, injured his ankle, pelvis and ribs, Warden Gene Fischi said.	1
Before Sunday, 19 firefighters assigned to wildfires had died on duty this year, according to Tracey Powers of the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise.	Before Sunday, 19 firefighters assigned to wildfires died on duty this year, according to Tracey Powers of the National Interagency Fire Center in Boise.	1
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.	Putin called Saudi Arabia "one of the most important Muslim nations."	1
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.	Putin hail Saudi Arabia as 'one of the most influential Muslim nations'.	1
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.	Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as one of the most important Muslim nations around the world.	1
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.	Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as one of the most important Muslim countries in the world.	1
Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were ``doing this sabotage against the lines.	Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were doing this sabotage against the lines'.	1
Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were ``doing this sabotage against the lines.	Naim al-Goud, Mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were doing this sabotage against the lines'.	1
Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were ``doing this sabotage against the lines.	Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were doing this sabotage against the lines.'	1
Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were ``doing this sabotage against the lines.	Naim al Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were doing this sabotage against the lines'	1
Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were ``doing this sabotage against the lines.	Naim al Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were doing this sabotage against the lines’.	1
Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were ``doing this sabotage against the lines.	Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were doing this sabotage against the lines.	1
Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were ``doing this sabotage against the lines.	Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were doing this sabotage against the lines'	1
Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were ``doing this sabotage against the lines.	Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were "doing this sabotage against the lines."	1
Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were ``doing this sabotage against the lines.	Naim al-Goud, mayor of Hit, said people from outside his region were doing this sabotage against the lines’.	1
During the flight, engineers misjudged the extent of the damage, and even during that period they lamented that the liftoff photography was poor.	During the flight, engineers misjudged the extent of damage, and even during that period they lamented that the liftoff photography was poor.	1
The woman, Mary Kathryn Miller, 55, was arrested by the state police on Nov. 20 and charged with first-degree larceny.	Mary Kathryn Miller, 55, was arrested by the state police on Nov. 20 and charged with first-degree larceny.	1
The Hubble Space Telescope's newest picture of Mars shows summer on the Red Planet just as it makes its closest pass by Earth in 60,000 years.	In the latest picture from the Hubble Space Telescope, the new Mars display shows summer on the Red Planet just as it makes its closest pass by Earth in 60,000 years.	1
The Hubble Space Telescope's newest picture of Mars shows summer on the Red Planet just as it makes its closest pass by Earth in 60,000 years.	The Hubble Space Telescope's latest picture of Mars shows summer on the Red Planet just as it makes its closest pass by Earth in 60,000 years.	1
The Hubble Space Telescope's newest picture of Mars shows summer on the Red Planet just as it makes its closest pass by Earth in 60,000 years.	The Hubble Space Telescope's newest picture of Mars shows summer just as it makes its closest pass by Earth in 60,000 years.	1
He is blocking them until the Air Force assigns four additional C-130 cargo planes to Gowen Field, an Idaho Air National Guard base in Boise.	He will block them until the Air Force assigns four additional C-130 cargo planes to Gowen Field, an Idaho Air National Guard base in Boise.	1
Stocks have rallied sharply for more than three months in anticipation of a rebound in the second half of the year.	Stock prices have rallied sharply for over three months in anticipation of a rebound in the second half of the year.	1
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	1
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26,8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	1
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	In fact, the Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	1
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	Did the Fed's Empire State Survey far exceed expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May?	1
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	Fed's Empire State Survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	1
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	In June, the Fed's Empire State Survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	1
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	Fed Empire State Survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	1
The Fed's Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	Fed Empire State survey far exceeded expectations by jumping to 26.8 in June, a record high, from 10.6 in May.	1
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.	Druce has been charged with murder in the incident, Conte said.	1
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.	Conte says Druce will be held on murder charges.	1
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.	Druce is facing murder charges, Conte said.	1
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.	Conte says that Druce will face murder charges.	1
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.	Druce is charged with murder. Conte said.	1
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.	Conte said Druce will face murder charges.	1
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.	In addition, Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.	1
"We're a quiet, peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens," said Carolyn Greene Bennett, Cedar Grove's town recorder.	"We are a quiet, peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens," said Carolyn Greene Bennett, Cedar Grove's town recorder.	1
"We're a quiet, peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens," said Carolyn Greene Bennett, Cedar Grove's town recorder.	"We're a peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens," said Carolyn Greene Bennett, Cedar Grove's town recorder.	1
"We're a quiet, peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens," said Carolyn Greene Bennett, Cedar Grove's town recorder.	We're a quiet, peaceful town of 862 people and nothing ever happens," said Carolyn Greene Bennett, Cedar Grove's town recorder.	1
Nursing schools turned away more than 5,000 qualified applicants in the past year because of shortages of faculty and classroom space.	Nursing schools turned away more than 5,000 qualified applicants this past year because of shortages of faculty and classroom space.	1
Nursing schools turned away more than 5,000 qualified applicants in the past year because of shortages of faculty and classroom space.	Nursing schools have turned away over 5,000 candidates in the past year because of shortages of faculty and classroom space.	1
Nursing schools turned away more than 5,000 qualified applicants in the past year because of shortages of faculty and classroom space.	Nursing schools turned away over 5,000 qualified applicants in the past year because of shortages of faculty and classroom space.	1
Nursing schools turned away more than 5,000 qualified applicants in the past year because of shortages of faculty and classroom space.	Nursing schools turned away over 5,000 qualified applicants last year because of shortages of faculty and classroom space.	1
Nursing schools turned away more than 5,000 qualified applicants in the past year because of shortages of faculty and classroom space.	The nursing schools turned away more than 5,000 qualified applicants in the past year because of shortages of faculty and classroom space.	1
Nursing schools turned away more than 5,000 qualified applicants in the past year because of shortages of faculty and classroom space.	In the past year, nursing schools turned away more than 5,000 qualified applicants because of shortages of faculty and classroom space.	1
"This deal makes good sense for both companies," said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.	"This deal makes good sense for both companies," said Brian Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.	1
"This deal makes good sense for both companies," said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.	This deal makes sense for both companies, said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.	1
"This deal makes good sense for both companies," said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.	What makes this deal good for both companies," said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.	1
"This deal makes good sense for both companies," said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.	This deal makes good sense for both companies," said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.	1
"This deal makes good sense for both companies," said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.	The deal makes sense for both companies, said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.	1
"This deal makes good sense for both companies," said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.	The acquisition makes sense for both companies, said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.	1
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."	"The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions... and question his competence as a manager."	1
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."	The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions... and question his competence as a manager."	1
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."	The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions... and question his competency as a manager."	1
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."	The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions...and question his competence as a manager."	1
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."	"The best investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions... and question his competence as a manager. "	1
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."	The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions... and question his competence as a manager. "	1
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."	The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions... and question his competence as a manager.	1
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."	"The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions... and question his competence as a manager.."	1
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.	Cisco has pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.	1
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.	Cisco cut spending to compensate for sluggish sales.	1
The study, published Monday in the journal Molecular Brain Research, is likely to also apply to humans, its authors said.	The study, published Monday in the journal Molecular Brain Research, is likely to be applicable to humans, its authors said.	1
The study, published Monday in the journal Molecular Brain Research, is likely to also apply to humans, its authors said.	The study published Monday in the journal Molecular Brain Research is likely to also apply to humans, its authors said.	1
Three retailers Dillards Inc., Kohls Department Stores and Nordstrom Inc. got Fs.	Three retailers Dillards Inc., Kohls Department Stores and Nordstrom Inc. all got Fs.	1
It's a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.	What's a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.	1
It's a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.	A task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.	1
It's a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.	Is it a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.	1
It's a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.	Is it a task that would challenge even the sharpest computer geeks: Set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.	1
It's a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.	Is it a task that would challenge even the sharpest computer geek? Set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.	1
It's a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.	What is a difficult task that could challenge even the sharpest computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.	1
It's a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.	It's a task that would challenge even the sharpest computer geek: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.	1
It's a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.	What's a task that would challenge even the sharpest computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.	1
It's a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism.	Is it a task that would challenge even the sharpest of computer geeks: set up a hacker-proof computer network for 190,000 government workers across the country fighting terrorism?	1
"Of course I want to win again but I think it's worse when you've never won, because you are so anxious to win."	I want to win again but I think it's worse when you've never won because you're so anxious to win. "Of course I want to win again but I think it's worse when you've never won."	1
"Of course I want to win again but I think it's worse when you've never won, because you are so anxious to win."	I want to win but I think it's worse when you've never won because you are so eager to win.	1
"Of course I want to win again but I think it's worse when you've never won, because you are so anxious to win."	I want to win again but I think it's worse when you've never won because you are so anxious to win. "	1
"Of course I want to win again but I think it's worse when you've never won, because you are so anxious to win."	I want to win again but I think it's worse when you have never won, because you are anxious to win.	1
"Of course I want to win again but I think it's worse when you've never won, because you are so anxious to win."	I think it's worse when you've never won because you're so eager to win." "Of course I want to win again but I think it's worse when you're so anxious to win."	1
"Of course I want to win again but I think it's worse when you've never won, because you are so anxious to win."	I want to win again but I think it's worse when you've never won because you are so anxious to win.	1
The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.	This year's operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.	1
The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.	In terms of operating revenues, this year's result was $1.45 billion. This is an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.	1
The operating revenues were $1.45 billion, an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.	In terms of revenue, operating revenues were $1.45 billion. This is an increase over last year's result of $1.38 billion.	1
My decision today is not based on any one event."	Is my decision taken today not based on any one event?	1
My decision today is not based on any one event."	"My decision today is not based on one event."	1
My decision today is not based on any one event."	My decision today is not based on one event.	1
My decision today is not based on any one event."	My decision today is not based on any one event.	1
My decision today is not based on any one event."	My decision today is not based on any one event. "	1
My decision today is not based on any one event."	"My decision today is not based on any one event."	1
My decision today is not based on any one event."	My decision today is not based on one thing."	1
My decision today is not based on any one event."	My decision today is not based on one event. "... My decision is not based on any one event."	1
Although Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check-up, he was later released.	Although Mr. Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check-up, he was later released.	1
Although Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check-up, he was later released.	Though Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check up, he was later released.	1
Although Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check-up, he was later released.	Although Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check up, he was later released.	1
Although Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check-up, he was later released.	Even though Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check up, he was later released.	1
Their ancestors are coming home at last -- the healing can finally begin,'' delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone after the ceremony.	They ancestors are coming home at last -- the healing can finally begin,'' delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone after the ceremony.	1
Their ancestors are coming home at last -- the healing can finally begin,'' delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone after the ceremony.	They ancestors are coming home at last -- the healing can finally begin,'' Delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone after the ceremony.	1
Their ancestors are coming home at last -- the healing can finally begin,'' delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone after the ceremony.	The ancestors are coming home at last -- the healing can finally begin,'' delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone after the ceremony.	1
Their ancestors are coming home at last -- the healing can finally begin,'' delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone after the ceremony.	''They ancestors are coming home at last -- the healing can finally begin,'' delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone after the ceremony.	1
As envisioned by Breaux, the government would help pay for the first $3,450 in prescription drug costs.	As envisioned by Breaux, government would help pay for the first $3,450 in prescription drug costs.	1
As envisioned by Breaux, the government would help pay for the first $3,450 in prescription drug costs.	According to Breaux, the government would help pay for the first $3,450 in prescription drug costs.	1
As envisioned by Breaux, the government would help pay for the first $3,450 in prescription drug costs.	The government would help pay for the first $3,450 in prescription drug costs as envisioned by Breaux.	1
Romanian port authorities said two ships that sank during World War II had resurfaced as water levels fell and could block river traffic.	The Romanian port authorities said that two ships that sank during World War II had resurfaced as water levels fell and could block river traffic.	1
Romanian port authorities said two ships that sank during World War II had resurfaced as water levels fell and could block river traffic.	Romanian ports officials said two ships that sank during World War II had resurfaced as water levels fell and could block river traffic.	1
Romanian port authorities said two ships that sank during World War II had resurfaced as water levels fell and could block river traffic.	Romanian ports authorities said two ships that sank during World War II had resurfaced as water levels fell and could block river traffic.	1
Romanian port authorities said two ships that sank during World War II had resurfaced as water levels fell and could block river traffic.	In Romania, port authorities said two ships that sank during World War II had resurfaced as water levels fell and could block river traffic.	1
Grant also has been elected to Monsanto's board of directors, the company said in a statement.	Grant has been elected to Monsanto's board of directors, the company said in a statement.	1
Ms. Kethley has said she also repeatedly denied his accusations.	Ms. Kethley has said she has repeatedly denied his accusations.	1
Ms. Kethley has said she also repeatedly denied his accusations.	Ms. Kethley has said she is also repeatedly denied him accusations.	1
Ms. Kethley has said she also repeatedly denied his accusations.	Ms. Kethley has said that she also repeatedly denied his accusations.	1
Ms. Kethley has said she also repeatedly denied his accusations.	Ms. Kethley has said she has denied his accusations and has repeatedly denied them.	1
Ms. Kethley has said she also repeatedly denied his accusations.	Ms. Kethley has said she has repeatedly denied the accusations.	1
Ms. Kethley has said she also repeatedly denied his accusations.	Ms. Kethley has said she repeatedly denied his accusations.	1
With more and more Bluetooth-equipped cellular phones coming onto the market, "people are going to be sorry if they didn't buy a PDA with Bluetooth," he said.	With more and more cellular phones coming onto the market, "people are going to be sorry if they didn't buy a PDA with Bluetooth," he said.	1
With more and more Bluetooth-equipped cellular phones coming onto the market, "people are going to be sorry if they didn't buy a PDA with Bluetooth," he said.	With more and more Bluetooth-equipped cellular phones coming onto the market, "people are going to be sorry if they didn't buy a PDA with Bluetooth", he said.	1
By the time the two-term president left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the ships it has today.	By the time the two-term President left office in 1989, the Navy had almost 600 ships - about twice the ships it has today.	1
By the time the two-term president left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the ships it has today.	By the time the two-term president left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice as many as it has today.	1
By the time the two-term president left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the ships it has today.	By the time the two-term president left office in 1989, the Navy had almost 600 ships - about twice the ships it has today.	1
By the time the two-term president left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the ships it has today.	By the time the two-term president left office in 1989, the Navy had almost 600 ships - about twice as many as it has today.	1
Nelson,27, is being retried on civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum's death.	Nelson, 27, is being retried on civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum's death.	1
Nelson,27, is being retried on civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum's death.	Nelson, 27, is being retried on civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum's death. Nelson, is being retried on charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum's death.	1
Nelson,27, is being retried on civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum's death.	Nelson, 27, is being retried on civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum's death. Nelson is being retried on charges.	1
Nelson,27, is being retried on civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum's death.	Nelson, 27 is being retried on civil-rights charges stemming from the disturbance which led to Rosenbaum's death.	1
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.	The Federal government is free to withhold names of people arrested after 9/11. A Federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.	1
A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of Sept. 11, 2001.	A federal appeals court ruled Tuesday that the government was free to withhold the names of more than 700 people detained in the aftermath of 9/11.	1
Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that . . . they're going to be very global in nature.	Asked about possible other attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that they're going to be very global in nature.	1
Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that . . . they're going to be very global in nature.	Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that they're going to be very global in nature.	1
Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that . . . they're going to be very global in nature.	Asked about possible attack, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that... they're going to be very global in nature.. "	1
Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that . . . they're going to be very global in nature.	Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that they're going to be very global in nature."	1
Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that . . . they're going to be very global in nature.	Asked about another possible attack, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that... they're going to be very global in nature."	1
Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that . . . they're going to be very global in nature.	Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that... they're going to be very global in nature."	1
Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that . . . they're going to be very global in nature.	Asked about the possibility of other attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that... they're going to be very global in nature.	1
Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that . . . they're going to be very global in nature.	Roberts: Asked about other possible attacks, "I don't think there's any question about it that... they're going to be very global in nature. "	1
Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that . . . they're going to be very global in nature.	Asked about possible new attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that... they're going to be very global in nature. They're going to be very global in nature.	1
Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that . . . they're going to be very global in nature.	When asked about upcoming attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that... they're going to be very global in nature. "	1
Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that . . . they're going to be very global in nature.	Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that... they're going to be very global in nature.	1
Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that . . . they're going to be very global in nature.	Asked about possible other attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that... they're going to be very global in nature."	1
No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals, and the New Jersey Nets don't want to try their luck at such a daunting task."	No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals, and the New Jersey Nets don't want to try their luck at such a daunting task.	1
No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals, and the New Jersey Nets don't want to try their luck at such a daunting task."	No team has cured a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals and the New Jersey Nets don't want to try their luck at such a daunting task."	1
There are no suspects in the shooting, which took place around 9:15 p.m. on Wednesday at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue, the police said.	The shooting took place around 9:15 p.m. on Wednesday at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue, the police said. No suspects were identified in the incident.	1
There are no suspects in the shooting, which took place around 9:15 p.m. on Wednesday at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue, the police said.	The shooting took place on East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue around 9:15 p.m. on Wednesday, according to police. There are no suspects in the shooting, according to police.	1
There are no suspects in the shooting, which took place around 9:15 p.m. on Wednesday at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue, the police said.	The shooting took place around 9:15 p.m. on Wednesday at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue, police said. There are no suspects in the shooting, police said.	1
There are no suspects in the shooting, which took place around 9:15 p.m. on Wednesday at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue, the police said.	The shooting took place around 9:15 p.m. on Wednesday at East 126th Street and Fifth Avenue, police said. There are no suspects in the shooting, the police said.	1
"But the reality is that there needs to be a big structural change," she added, "and you can't do that without funding."	"But the reality is that there needs to be a big structural change," she said, "and you can't do that without funding."	1
"But the reality is that there needs to be a big structural change," she added, "and you can't do that without funding."	But the reality is that it needs to be a big structural change," she said, "and you can't do that without funding."	1
Knight had 29 interceptions in his six years with the Saints, including 17 the last three seasons.	In his first six years with the Saints, Knight had 29 interceptions. He also had 17 the last three seasons.	1
Knight had 29 interceptions in his six years with the Saints, including 17 the last three seasons.	Matt Knight had 29 interceptions over six years in the Saints's history, including 17 in the last three seasons.	1
Knight had 29 interceptions in his six years with the Saints, including 17 the last three seasons.	In six seasons with the Saints, Knight had 29 interceptions, including 17 in the last three seasons.	1
Knight had 29 interceptions in his six years with the Saints, including 17 the last three seasons.	Knight had 29 interceptions in six seasons with Saints, including 17 in the last three seasons.	1
Knight had 29 interceptions in his six years with the Saints, including 17 the last three seasons.	In his six seasons with the Saints, Knight had 29 interceptions, including 17 the last three seasons.	1
Knight had 29 interceptions in his six years with the Saints, including 17 the last three seasons.	Knight had 29 interceptions in six years with the Saints, including 17 in the last three seasons.	1
Knight had 29 interceptions in his six years with the Saints, including 17 the last three seasons.	In his six seasons with Saints, Knight had 29 interceptions, including 17 in the last three seasons.	1
Knight had 29 interceptions in his six years with the Saints, including 17 the last three seasons.	In his six years with the Saints, Knight had 29 interceptions, including 17 in the last three seasons.	1
Knight had 29 interceptions in his six years with the Saints, including 17 the last three seasons.	In six seasons, Knight had 29 interceptions in the Saints, including 17 in the last three seasons.	1
Knight had 29 interceptions in his six years with the Saints, including 17 the last three seasons.	Knight had 29 interceptions in six years with the Saints, including 17 the last three seasons.	1
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.	The Budget analysis comes as the negotiations between the City Council and Bloomberg Administration heat up.	1
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.	Budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.	1
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.	The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and Bloomberg administration heat up.	1
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.	Budgetary analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.	1
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.	The analysis of the budget comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.	1
The budget analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.	Budget Analysis comes as negotiations between the City Council and the Bloomberg administration heat up.	1
Taupo was guiding her owner Paul Kibblewhite, 62, on a three-day walk with a tramping party of eight.	Taupo was taking her owner Paul Kibblewhite, 62, on a three-day walk with a tramping party of eight.	1
Taupo was guiding her owner Paul Kibblewhite, 62, on a three-day walk with a tramping party of eight.	Taupo was guiding her owner Paul Kibblewhite, 62, on a three day walk with a tramping party of eight.	1
Handset market share for the second quarter, it said, is higher than the first quarter.	Handset market share in the second quarter was higher than the first quarter.	1
Handset market share for the second quarter, it said, is higher than the first quarter.	The handset market share in the second quarter, it said, is higher than the first quarter.	1
The series will be known as the NASCAR Nextel Cup.	In the NASCAR Cup series, the series will be called The Nextel Cup.	1
The series will be known as the NASCAR Nextel Cup.	During the NASCAR Nextel Cup, the series will be known as the NASCAR Nextel Cup.	1
The series will be known as the NASCAR Nextel Cup.	This will be known as the NASCAR Nextel Cup.	1
The series will be known as the NASCAR Nextel Cup.	NASCAR Nextel Cup will be known as NASCAR Nextel Cup.	1
The series will be known as the NASCAR Nextel Cup.	In the NASCAR nextel cup, the series will be known as the NASCAR nextel Cup.	1
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.	Where long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.	1
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.	When long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, a study found.	1
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.	Where long-line fishing used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.	1
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.	Where long-line fishing used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, now they are lucky to catch one, the study found.	1
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.	Where long lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, now they are lucky to catch one, the study found.	1
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.	Where long-liner used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.	1
By contrast, the Senate-passed prescription drug plan requires seniors to pay 50 percent of drug costs, with a $275 deductible each year.	By contrast, the Senate-passed prescription drug plan requires seniors to pay 50 percent of drug costs with a $275 deductible each year.	1
By contrast, the Senate-passed prescription drug plan requires seniors to pay 50 percent of drug costs, with a $275 deductible each year.	In contrast, the Senate-passed prescription drug plan requires seniors to pay 50 percent of drug costs, with a $275 deductible each year.	1
By contrast, the Senate-passed prescription drug plan requires seniors to pay 50 percent of drug costs, with a $275 deductible each year.	The Senate-passed prescription drug plan requires seniors to pay 50 percent of drug costs, with a $275 deductible each year.	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	Canada will not support Afghan troops until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	Canada will not deploy more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is completed, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	Canada will not send more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	Canada won't be sending troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday he would not deploy more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is completed.	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	Canada won't deploy more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	Canada won't send more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	Canada will not send troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	Canadian troops aren't going to be deployed in Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, said Jean Chretien yesterday.	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	Canadian troops will not be sent to Afghanistan until a year-long mission is completed, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	Canada won't deploy more troops in Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	Canada won't be sending more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	1
Data showed Italian business confidence slipped to its lowest level in 16 months in May, aiding rate cut expectations.	Data showed Italian business confidence slipped to its lowest level in 16 months in May, aiding rates cut expectations.	1
Data showed Italian business confidence slipped to its lowest level in 16 months in May, aiding rate cut expectations.	Data showed that Italian business confidence slipped to its lowest level in 16 months in May, aiding rate cut expectations.	1
Data showed Italian business confidence slipped to its lowest level in 16 months in May, aiding rate cut expectations.	Data showed Italian business confidence slipped to its lowest level in 2016 in May, aiding rates cut expectations.	1
He said Qantas would also cut capital spending by retiring some aircraft and deferring delivery of some new planes.	He said Qantas would also reduce its capital spending by retiring some aircraft and deferring delivery of some new planes.	1
He said Qantas would also cut capital spending by retiring some aircraft and deferring delivery of some new planes.	He said Qantas will also cut capital spending by retiring some aircraft and deferring delivery of some new planes.	1
He said Qantas would also cut capital spending by retiring some aircraft and deferring delivery of some new planes.	He said Qantas would also reduce capital spending by retiring some aircraft and delaying delivery of some new planes.	1
He said Qantas would also cut capital spending by retiring some aircraft and deferring delivery of some new planes.	He said Qantas would cut capital spending by retiring some aircraft and deferring delivery of some new planes.	1
"The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place.	In short, the government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place."	1
"The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place.	"The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place."	1
"The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place.	"The government elements that have been causing trouble are still in place.	1
"The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place.	"The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place".	1
"The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place.	The government elements that have been causing trouble are still in place.	1
"The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place.	"The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place"	1
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.	In its entirety, the objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.	1
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.	When PeopleSoft rejected Oracle's offer, that objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.	1
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.	Those objections were cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.	1
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.	PeopleSoft's board cited that objection in rejecting Oracle's offer.	1
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.	In Oracle's case, that objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.	1
Dylan Baker and Lindsay Frost play her parents, Ed and Lois Smart.	Dylan Baker and Lindsay Frost play the role of her parents, Ed and Lois Smart.	1
Dylan Baker and Lindsay Frost play her parents, Ed and Lois Smart.	Dylan Baker and Lindsay Frost play their parents, Ed and Lois Smart.	1
Palm expects to move Handspring's employees to Palm Solutions headquarters in Milpitas, Calif.	Palm will move Handspring's employees to Palm Solutions headquarters in Milpitas, Calif.	1
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.	This giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.	1
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.	It is believed that the giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.	1
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.	This giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.	1
He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.	He also said he advised his grown-up kids not to run up credit card debts.	1
He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.	He also said he advised his grown up children not to run up credit card debt.	1
He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.	He said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.	1
He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.	He said he had counseled his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.	1
He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.	He also advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.	1
He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.	He told his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.	1
He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.	He said he told his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.	1
He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.	The man also said he advised his grown-up kids not to run up credit card debts.	1
He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.	He said he advised his grown-up kids not to run up credit card debts.	1
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.	Women are concerned that many women are turning to cosmetic surgery as a quest for bodily perfection.	1
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.	Moreover, some women are worried that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.	1
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.	Women are concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.	1
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.	Some women are concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.	1
Normally, congressional districts are redrawn by state legislatures every 10 years to reflect population changes recorded in the U.S. census.	Usually, congressional districts are redrawn by state legislatures every 10 years to reflect population changes recorded in the U.S. Census.	1
Two area lawmakers said Democrats might entice some Republicans to support a tax hike.	Two area lawmakers said Democrats might entice some Republicans to support the tax hike.	1
Two of Collins' top assistants will consult with state police during the investigation and determine if any federal laws were violated, he said Friday.	Two of Collins' top assistants are expected to consult with state police during the investigation and determine if any federal laws were violated, he said Friday.	1
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius carries National Public Radio but doesn't include current shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition".	1
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius carries National Public Radio, though it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	1
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include famous shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	1
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius has National Public Radio, though it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	1
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius has National Public Radio but it doesn't include a popular show such as "Morning Edition" or "All Things Considered".	1
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius also has National Public Radio, but it doesn't have popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	1
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition".	1
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.	The unemployment rate rose one tenth to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.	1
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.	The unemployment rate increased a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.	1
She had been barred on the grounds that her headscarf would violate the state's neutrality in religion.	She had been barred on the grounds that her headcarf would violate the state's neutrality in religion.	1
Without admitting or denying the S.E.C.'s allegations, Mr. Markovitz agreed to a permanent ban from associating with an investment adviser or mutual fund.	Without admitting or denying the S.E.C's allegations, Mr. Markovitz agreed to a permanent ban from associating with an investment adviser or mutual fund.	1
Now, for the first time, those without Internet access can sign up with a single phone call.	For the first time, those who don't have Internet access can sign up with a single phone call.	1
Now, for the first time, those without Internet access can sign up with a single phone call.	For the first time people without internet access can sign up with a single phone call.	1
Now, for the first time, those without Internet access can sign up with a single phone call.	For the first time, people without internet access can sign up via a single phone call.	1
Now, for the first time, those without Internet access can sign up with a single phone call.	For the first time, those without Internet access can sign up with a single phone call.	1
Now, for the first time, those without Internet access can sign up with a single phone call.	For the first time, people without internet access can sign up with a single phone call.	1
Initial reports said the attackers fired from a mosque within in the city, 30 miles west of Baghdad.	Initial reports said the attackers fired from a mosque in the city, 30 miles west of Baghdad.	1
Initial reports said the attackers fired from a mosque within in the city, 30 miles west of Baghdad.	Initial reports said attackers fired from a mosque within in the city, 30 miles west of Baghdad.	1
Initial reports said the attackers fired from a mosque within in the city, 30 miles west of Baghdad.	Initial reports said the attackers fired from a mosque within the city, 30 miles west of Baghdad.	1
Initial reports said the attackers fired from a mosque within in the city, 30 miles west of Baghdad.	Initial reports say the attackers fired from a mosque within in the city, 30 miles west of Baghdad.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC> rose 8.25 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,861.15.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC> rose 8.25 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,861.15.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC> rose 8.25 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,861.15.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index (.IXIC>) rose 8.25 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,861.15.	1
Dan Powers, vice president of grid computing strategy at IBM Corp., says he's not worried about such off-the-shelf PC clusters threatening sales of traditional supercomputers.	Dan Powers, vice president for grid computing strategy at IBM Corp., says he's not worried about such off-the-shelf PC clusters threatening sales of traditional supercomputers.	1
Britain has said it will oppose articles calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy, to uphold the national right of veto.	Britain has said it will oppose Article calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy, to uphold the National right of veto.	1
Britain has said it will oppose articles calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy, to uphold the national right of veto.	Britain has said it will oppose Article calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy, to uphold the national right of veto.	1
Britain has said it will oppose articles calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy, to uphold the national right of veto.	Britain will oppose articles calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy, to uphold the national right of veto.	1
Britain has said it will oppose articles calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy, to uphold the national right of veto.	Britain says it will oppose Articles calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy, to uphold the national right of veto.	1
Britain has said it will oppose articles calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy, to uphold the national right of veto.	Britain says it will oppose articles calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy, to uphold the national right of veto.	1
Britain has said it will oppose articles calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy, to uphold the national right of veto.	Britain has declared it will oppose articles calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy, to uphold the national right of veto.	1
Next Monday at about 2 p.m. (CST), hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms.	Next Monday at about 2 p.m (CST), hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms.	1
Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.	Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrants smuggling, officials said.	1
Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.	Four people were shot dead along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.	1
Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.	Four people were found shot to death on a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.	1
Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.	Four people were shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.	1
Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.	Four people were shot to death on a highway Tuesday morning, officials said. Three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.	1
Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.	Four people were found shot dead along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.	1
Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.	Four people were shot dead along a highway Tuesday morning and three were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.	1
Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.	Three people were injured in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said. Four people were shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible incident.	1
Four people were found shot to death along a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.	Four people were shot to death on a highway Tuesday morning and three others were wounded in a possible dispute involving immigrant smuggling, officials said.	1
The subjects were next given a squirt up the nose of a rhinovirus, the nasty little germ that causes colds.	The subjects were then given a squirt up the nose of rhinovirus, the nasty little germ that causes colds.	1
Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal-Mart Stores, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	1
Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal-Mart, Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc., Big Lots Inc., among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	1
Horn remained in critical but stable condition Monday, the hospital said.	The hospital said Horn remained in critical but stable condition Monday.	1
Horn remained in critical but stable condition Monday, the hospital said.	Horn remains in critical but stable condition Monday, the hospital said.	1
Horn remained in critical but stable condition Monday, the hospital said.	Horn remained in critical but stable condition on Monday, the hospital said.	1
It will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT)  Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.	This will be the first device to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.	1
It will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT)  Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.	It will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows Mobile software, said the mobile operator.	1
It will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT)  Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.	It will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.	1
It will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT)  Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.	The first handset will ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.	1
It will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT)  Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.	This will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.	1
It will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT)  Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.	Will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.	1
It will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT)  Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.	The handset will be the first to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.	1
It will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT)  Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.	This is the first smartphone to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.	1
The patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	The patch also fixes a vulnerability that resulted because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	1
The patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	The patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE doesn't implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	1
The patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	The patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block in a file download dialog box.	1
The patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	IE does not implement an appropriate block in the file download dialog box. The patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	1
The patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	In addition, the patch fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	1
The patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	Patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	1
The patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	This patch fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	1
The patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	This patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	1
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research had been looking for, on average, revenue of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.	Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research had been looking for, on average, revenue of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents per share.	1
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research had been looking for, on average, revenue of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.	Analysers surveyed by Reuters Research had been looking for, on average, revenue of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.	1
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research had been looking for, on average, revenue of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.	Reuters Research: Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research had been looking for, on average, revenue of $723 million and a loss of 28 cents a share.	1
PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway has described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour".	PeopleSoft chief Craig Conway described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrocious bad behaviour".	1
PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway has described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour".	PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway has described Oracle's latest $5.1 billion bid as "atrocious bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrocious bad behaviour".	1
PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway has described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour".	PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway has described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrocious bad behaviour".	1
PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway has described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour".	PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrocious bad behaviour".	1
PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway has described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour".	PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour".	1
PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway has described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour".	PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway has described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as "atrocious bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrocious bad behaviour".	1
PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway has described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as "atrociously bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrociously bad behaviour".	PeopleSoft CEO Craig Conway described Oracle's $5.1 billion bid as "atrocious bad behaviour from a company with a history of atrocious bad behaviour".	1
Hernandez has been treated for breast cancer, and Moore suffers from non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.	Hernandez has been treated for breast cancer, and Moore has non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.	1
Hernandez has been treated for breast cancer, and Moore suffers from non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.	Hernandez has been treated for breast cancer, and Moore suffers from non-Hodgkin lymphoma.	1
Hernandez has been treated for breast cancer, and Moore suffers from non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.	Hernandez has had breast cancer, and Moore has been diagnosed with non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.	1
Hernandez has been treated for breast cancer, and Moore suffers from non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.	Hernandez has been treated for breast cancer, and Moore has been treated for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.	1
Peterson, a former fertilizer salesman, is charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and the baby boy she was carrying.	Peterson, former fertilizer salesman, is charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and the baby boy she was carrying.	1
Peterson, a former fertilizer salesman, is charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and the baby boy she was carrying.	Peterson, a former fertilizer salesman, is charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and a baby boy she was carrying.	1
In a landmark ruling yesterday, the Court of Appeals ordered the Legislature and Gov. George Pataki to fix the funding system by July 30, 2004.	In a landmark ruling yesterday the court of appeal ordered the Legislature and Governor George Pataki to fix the funding system by July 30, 2004.	1
In a landmark ruling yesterday, the Court of Appeals ordered the Legislature and Gov. George Pataki to fix the funding system by July 30, 2004.	In a landmark ruling yesterday, the Court of Appeals ordered the Legislature and Governor George Pataki to fix the funding system by July 30, 2004.	1
In a landmark ruling yesterday, the Court of Appeals ordered the Legislature and Gov. George Pataki to fix the funding system by July 30, 2004.	In a landmark decision yesterday, the Court of Appeals ordered the Legislature and Gov. George Pataki to fix the funding system by July 30, 2004.	1
The House would limit the increases to troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan, not to those supporting the nation's war efforts from bases outside the combat zone.	The House would limit the increase to troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan, not to those supporting the nation's war efforts from bases outside the combat zone.	1
The House would limit the increases to troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan, not to those supporting the nation's war efforts from bases outside the combat zone.	House would limit the increases to troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan, not to those supporting the nation's war efforts from bases outside the combat zone.	1
The House would limit the increases to troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan, not to those supporting the nation's war efforts from bases outside the combat zone.	Would the House restrict the increases to troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan, not to those supporting the nation's war efforts from bases outside the combat zone.	1
The attack by the three militant groups took place here at Erez, the main border crossing between Israel and Gaza.	The attacks by the three militant groups took place here at Erez, the main border crossing between Israel and Gaza.	1
He attends football training for three hours a day to accelerate the healing process, and has lost 17 kilograms since October.	He attended football training for three hours a day to accelerate the healing process, and has lost 17 kilograms since October.	1
He attends football training for three hours a day to accelerate the healing process, and has lost 17 kilograms since October.	He goes to football training for three hours a day to speed the healing process, and has lost 17 kilograms since October.	1
The chip also features an updated LongRun power and heat management system.	The chips also feature an updated LongRun power and heat management system.	1
The chip also features an updated LongRun power and heat management system.	The chips also feature an updated long run power and heat management system.	1
The chip also features an updated LongRun power and heat management system.	The chips also have an updated LongRun power and heat management system.	1
SPOT products run a Microsoft operating system and the company's DirectBand radio technology developed with SCA Data Systems.	SPOT products run an Microsoft operating system and the company's DirectBand radio technology developed with SCA Data Systems.	1
SPOT products run a Microsoft operating system and the company's DirectBand radio technology developed with SCA Data Systems.	SPOT products run on a Microsoft operating system and the company's DirectBand radio technology developed with SCA Data Systems.	1
On Monday, a suicide bomber blew himself up near the United Nations compound here, killing a security guard as well as himself.	On Monday, a suicide bomber blew himself up near the United Nations compound, killing a security guard as well as himself.	1
On Monday, a suicide bomber blew himself up near the United Nations compound here, killing a security guard as well as himself.	On Monday, a suicide bomber blew himself up near the United Nations compound, killing a security guard and himself.	1
With the Fourth of July weekend approaching, state parks such as the Spruce Run Recreation Area in Union Township will be open.	When the Fourth of July approaches, state parks such as the Spruce Run Recreation Area in Union Township will be open.	1
Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates were to address the forum last night.	Seven of the nine major democratic presidential candidates were to address the forum yesterday night.	1
Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates were to address the forum last night.	Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates were to speak at the forum last night.	1
Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates were to address the forum last night.	Seven of the nine major democrat presidential candidates were to address the forum last night.	1
Seven of the nine major Democratic presidential candidates were to address the forum last night.	7 of the 9 major Democratic presidential candidates were to address the forum last night.	1
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.	Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agriculture Science and Technology.	1
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.	Barbini's comment came Tuesday the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.	1
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.	Barbini's comments come Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.	1
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.	Agricultural Science and Technology: Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.	1
On the Mediterranean coast of neighboring Turkey, Iraqi, U.S. and Turkish officials gathered in the port of Ceyhan for a ceremony launching the shipment.	On the Mediterranean coast of neighboring Turkey, Iraqi, U.S. and Turkish officials gathered at the port of Ceyhan for a ceremony launching the shipment.	1
On the Mediterranean coast of neighboring Turkey, Iraqi, U.S. and Turkish officials gathered in the port of Ceyhan for a ceremony launching the shipment.	In the Mediterranean coast of neighboring Turkey, Iraqi, U.S. and Turkish officials gathered in the port of Ceyhan for a ceremony launching the shipment.	1
He replaces Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation in April.	He replaces Ron Dittemore who announced his resignation in April.	1
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.	However, while opposition parties have welcomed cabinet decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.	1
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.	While the opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.	1
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.	While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said that Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.	1
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.	Despite opposition parties having welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said health minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.	1
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.	Although opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.	1
While opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.	Whereas opposition parties have welcomed the cabinet's decision on anti-retroviral treatment, some said Health Minister Manto Tshabalala-Msimang was not fit to preside over a rollout plan.	1
"We're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good," said Dr. David Fleming of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	"We're optimistic we can deliver vaccine to these people in time to do good," said Dr. David Fleming of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	1
"We're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good," said Dr. David Fleming of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	"I'm optimistic that we can deliver vaccine to these people in time to do good," said Dr. David Fleming from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	1
"We're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good," said Dr. David Fleming of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	We're optimistic we can deliver vaccine to these people in time to do good," said Dr. David Fleming of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	1
"Only 1pc of those taking the drug worldwide have contracted ILD as a result," she said.	"Only 1pc of those taking this drug worldwide have contracted ILD as a result," she said.	1
Dallas Coach Don Nelson declared Nowitzki's status as doubtful.	Dallas Cowboys’ Coach Don Nelson declared nowitzki's status as doubtful.	1
Dallas Coach Don Nelson declared Nowitzki's status as doubtful.	Dallas Cowboys: Coach Don Nelson declared Nowitzki's status as doubtful.	1
Rescue workers arriving to February's deadly fire at a West Warwick nightclub met a horrific scene, as people trapped in the club's doorway screamed for help.	Rescue workers arriving to the scene of February's deadly fire at a West Warwick nightclub met a horrific scene, as people trapped in the club's doorway screamed for help.	1
Detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended.	Detectives informed Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, about the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended.	1
Detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended.	Detectives tell Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended.	1
Detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended.	Detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, about the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended.	1
Detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended.	Detectives informed Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended.	1
Detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended.	Detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and his mother, Kimberly Hill, of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended.	1
Detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended.	When Perry was arrested, detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, of the arrest shortly after the incident.	1
Detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended.	When Perry was arrested, Detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended.	1
Subway and bus fares rose 33 percent, from $1.50 to $2, on May 4, while tickets on suburban trains rose an average 25 percent May 1.	Subway and bus fares rose 33 percent, from $1.50 to $2, on May 4, while tickets on suburban trains rose an average 25 percent May 1	1
Subway and bus fares rose 33 percent, from $1.50 to $2, on May 4, while tickets on suburban trains rose an average 25 percent May 1.	On the Subway and Bus, fares rose 33 percent, from $1.50 to $2, on May 4, while the tickets on suburban trains rose an average 25 percent May 1.	1
Subway and bus fares rose 33 percent, from $1.50 to $2, on May 4, while tickets on suburban trains rose an average 25 percent May 1.	Subway and bus fares rose 33 percent, from $1.50 to $2, on May 4, while ticket on suburban trains rose an average 25 percent May 1.	1
Atlanta's Hartsfield International Airport will test a nationwide security system that will collect fingerprints and take photographs of millions of foreign visitors each year.	Atlanta's Hartsfield International Airport will test a nationwide security system that will collect fingerprints and take photos of millions of foreign visitors each year.	1
When contacted last night, Perkins declined comment.	When contacted last night, Perkins declined to comment.	1
When contacted last night, Perkins declined comment.	When asked last night, Perkins declined to comment.	1
These plans would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses, neither of which is currently available under the government-run program.	These plans would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health care expenses, neither of which are currently available under the government-run program.	1
These plans would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses, neither of which is currently available under the government-run program.	These plans would provide preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses, neither of which is currently available under the government-run program.	1
They were among about 40 people attending the traditional Jewish ceremony colored by some non-traditional touches.	In addition, they were among about 40 people attending the traditional Jewish ceremony colored by some non-traditional touches.	1
The number of injured dropped to 2.92 million in 2002 from 3.03 million a year earlier.	The number of injured fell to 2.92 million in 2002 from 3.03 million a year earlier.	1
The number of injured dropped to 2.92 million in 2002 from 3.03 million a year earlier.	In 2002, the number of injured dropped to 2.92 million from 3.03 million a year earlier.	1
The number of injured dropped to 2.92 million in 2002 from 3.03 million a year earlier.	Number of injured dropped to 2.92 million in 2002 from 3.03 million a year earlier.	1
The number of injured dropped to 2.92 million in 2002 from 3.03 million a year earlier.	The number of injured people dropped to 2.92 million in 2002 from 3.03 million a year earlier.	1
The number of injured dropped to 2.92 million in 2002 from 3.03 million a year earlier.	In 2002, the number of injuries dropped to 2.92 million from 3.03 million a year earlier.	1
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	No dates have been set for the civil and criminal case but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	1
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	No date has been set for civil or criminal cases. Shanley pleaded not guilty.	1
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty to charges.	1
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	No dates have been set for the civil and criminal cases but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	1
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	No date have been set for the civil and criminal cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	1
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	No date have been set for civil and criminal cases, but Shanley pleaded not guilty.	1
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	No dates have been set for civil and criminal cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	1
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	No date has been set for the civil or criminal cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	1
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	No dates have been set for the civil cases. Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	1
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	No date has been set for civil or criminal cases but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	1
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	No date has been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	1
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	No dates have been set for the civil or criminal cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	1
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	No dates have been set for the criminal and civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	1
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	1
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	No date has been set for the criminal or civil cases but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	1
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	No date have been set for the civil or criminal cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	1
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	No dates have been set for civil and criminal case but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	1
McNair was stopped after a police officer saw his vehicle weaving on a downtown street before pulling into a convenience store, the arrest report said.	The McNair was stopped after a police officer saw his vehicle weaving on a downtown street before pulling into a convenience store, the arrest report said.	1
McNair was stopped after a police officer saw his vehicle weaving on a downtown street before pulling into a convenience store, the arrest report said.	The arrest report said McNair was stopped after a police officer saw his vehicle weaving on a downtown street before pulling into a convenience store.	1
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	Whereas the injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	1
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	Injuring people were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	1
Stack said he did no work for Triumph until 1999, when a grand jury began investigating Silvester.	Stack did not work at Triumph until 1999, when a grand jury began investigating Silvester.	1
Stack said he did no work for Triumph until 1999, when a grand jury began investigating Silvester.	Stack said he did not work for Triumph until 1999, when a grand jury began investigating Silvester.	1
Stack said he did no work for Triumph until 1999, when a grand jury began investigating Silvester.	Stack says he did no work for Triumph until 1999, when a grand jury began investigating Silvester.	1
Stack said he did no work for Triumph until 1999, when a grand jury began investigating Silvester.	Stack says he did not work for Triumph until 1999, when a grand jury began investigating Silvester.	1
Stack said he did no work for Triumph until 1999, when a grand jury began investigating Silvester.	Stack told me he did not work for Triumph until 1999 when a grand jury began investigating Silvester.	1
Stack said he did no work for Triumph until 1999, when a grand jury began investigating Silvester.	Stack said he didn't work for Triumph until 1999, when a grand jury began investigating Silvester.	1
Stack said he did no work for Triumph until 1999, when a grand jury began investigating Silvester.	Stack says he didn't work for Triumph until 1999, when a grand jury began investigating Silvester.	1
Federal agent Bill Polychronopoulos said it was not known if the man, 30, would be charged.	Bill Polychronopoulos, a federal agent, said it was not known if the man, 30, would be charged.	1
The chipset will operate in the 2.4-GHz band, and features radio signal interference prevention and low power consumption.	The chipset operates in the 2.4-GHz band, and features radio signal interference prevention and low power consumption.	1
The chipset will operate in the 2.4-GHz band, and features radio signal interference prevention and low power consumption.	The chipset will operate in the 2.4 GHz band, and features radio signal interference prevention and low power consumption.	1
The chipset will operate in the 2.4-GHz band, and features radio signal interference prevention and low power consumption.	In the 2.4-GHz band, the chipset features radio signal interference prevention and low power consumption.	1
It has been named Colymbosathon ecplecticos, which means "astounding swimmer with a large penis".	It has been named Colymbosathon ecplecticos, which means "astounding swimmer with a large penis"	1
It has been named Colymbosathon ecplecticos, which means "astounding swimmer with a large penis".	It has been named Colymbosathon ecplecticos, which means "astonishing swimmer with a large penis".	1
"I think we should leave them as they are," said Lott, R-Miss., of the current ownership rules during a Senate Commerce Committee hearing.	I think we should leave them as they are," said Lott, R-Miss., of the current ownership rules during a Senate Commerce Committee hearing.	1
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.	Shares of Oracle were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.	1
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.	The shares of Oracle were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.	1
The company must either pay NTP the $53.7-million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal, Mr. Wallace said.	The company must either pay NTP the $53.7 million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal, Mr. Wallace said.	1
The company must either pay NTP the $53.7-million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal, Mr. Wallace said.	In an appeal, the company must either pay NTP the $53.7-million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal, Mr. Wallace said.	1
Taiwan had been relatively free of the viral infection until a fiasco at a Taipei hospital in late April caused the number of infections to skyrocket.	Taiwan was relatively free of the viral infection until a fiasco at a Taipei hospital in late April caused the number of infections to skyrocket.	1
Taiwan had been relatively free of the viral infection until a fiasco at a Taipei hospital in late April caused the number of infections to skyrocket.	In fact, Taiwan had been relatively free of the viral infection until a fiasco at a Taipei hospital in late April caused the number of infections to skyrocket.	1
"The idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and it's grotesque," said Wyden.	The idea of a Federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and it's grotesque," said Wyden.	1
"The idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and it's grotesque," said Wyden.	"The idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and it's grotesque," says Wyden.	1
"The idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and it's grotesque," said Wyden.	The idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and it's grotesque," said Wyden.	1
"The idea of a federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and it's grotesque," said Wyden.	The idea of a Federal betting parlor on atrocities and terrorism is ridiculous and it's grotesque, said Wyden.	1
"I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," Dean said Friday in a telephone interview from New Hampshire.	I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks, Dean said Friday in a telephone interview from New Hampshire.	1
"I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," Dean said Friday in a telephone interview from New Hampshire.	I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks," Dean said Friday in a telephone interview from New Hampshire.	1
Without the fleet, NASA has relied on the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory.	Without the Russian fleet, NASA has relied on the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting lab.	1
Without the fleet, NASA has relied on the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory.	Without the Russian space fleet, NASA has relied on the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory.	1
Without the fleet, NASA has relied on the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory.	Without the Russian space fleet, NASA relied on the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory.	1
At least 29 American troops have been killed in action since Bush declared major combat over on May 1.	At least 29 American soldiers have been killed in action since Bush declared major combat over on May 1.	1
At least 29 American troops have been killed in action since Bush declared major combat over on May 1.	So far, 29 American troops have been killed in action since President Bush declared major combat over on May 1.	1
At least 29 American troops have been killed in action since Bush declared major combat over on May 1.	At least 29 American soldiers have been killed in action since the Bush administration declared major combat over on May 1.	1
At least 29 American troops have been killed in action since Bush declared major combat over on May 1.	At least 29 American troops have been killed in action since Bush declared major combat over on May 1st.	1
At least 29 American troops have been killed in action since Bush declared major combat over on May 1.	In combat, 29 Americans have been killed in combat since Bush declared major combat over on May 1.	1
At least 29 American troops have been killed in action since Bush declared major combat over on May 1.	A total of 29 American troops have been killed in action since Bush declared major combat over on May 1.	1
Another piece would be sent to the lab in Virginia for additional testing, Conte said.	Another piece will be sent to the lab in Virginia for additional testing, Conte said.	1
Park rangers searched an abandoned lighthouse on Monomoy yesterday, but found no sign of them, said Stuart Smith, the Chatham harbormaster.	The Chatham harbormaster, Stuart Smith, said the park rangers searched an abandoned lighthouse on Monomoy yesterday but found no sign of them.	1
Park rangers searched an abandoned lighthouse on Monomoy yesterday, but found no sign of them, said Stuart Smith, the Chatham harbormaster.	Park rangers searched an abandoned lighthouse in Monomoy yesterday, but found no sign of them, said Stuart Smith, the Chatham harbormaster.	1
Park rangers searched an abandoned lighthouse on Monomoy yesterday, but found no sign of them, said Stuart Smith, the Chatham harbormaster.	Observers have found no sign of an abandoned lighthouse on Monomoy. Park rangers searched the area yesterday but found no signs of them, said Stuart Smith, the Chatham harbormaster.	1
He was sentenced to five years in prison at at Kingston Crown Court yesterday after pleading guilty to the attempted abduction of a teenager.	He was sentenced to five years in prison at the Kingston Crown Court yesterday after pleading guilty to the attempted abduction of a teenager.	1
He was sentenced to five years in prison at at Kingston Crown Court yesterday after pleading guilty to the attempted abduction of a teenager.	Was sentenced to five years in prison at Kingston Crown Court yesterday after pleading guilty to the attempted abduction of a teenager.	1
He was sentenced to five years in prison at at Kingston Crown Court yesterday after pleading guilty to the attempted abduction of a teenager.	He was sentenced to five years in prison at Kingston Crown Court yesterday after pleading guilty to the attempted abduction of a teenager.	1
Mr. Rowland attended a party in South Windsor for the families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers called to active duty.	Mr. Rowland attended a party in South Windsor for the families of Connecticut national guard troops called to active duty.	1
Mr. Rowland attended a party in South Windsor for the families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers called to active duty.	M. Rowland attended a party in South Windsor for the families of Connecticut National Guard soldiers called to active duty.	1
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.	Despite protests, his protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.	1
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.	So, his protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.	1
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.	He said that his protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.	1
His protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.	He says his protest led to a 47-hour standoff with police that caused huge traffic jams in downtown Washington and northern Virginia.	1
The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index stood at 53.7 in September.	The Institute for Supply Management says its manufacturing index stood at 53.7 in September.	1
The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index stood at 53.7 in September.	Institute for Supply Management released its manufacturing index at 53.7 in September.	1
The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index stood at 53.7 in September.	In September, the Institute of Supply Management said its manufacturing index stood at 53.7.	1
The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index stood at 53.7 in September.	IMS said its manufacturing index stood at 53.7 in September. The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index stood at 53.7 in September.	1
The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index stood at 53.7 in September.	According to the Institute for Supply Management, the manufacturing index of its index stood at 53.7 in September.	1
The agency could not say when the tape was made, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14.	On June 14, the agency could not say when the tape was made, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14. The agency could not say when the tape was made, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14.	1
The agency could not say when the tape was made, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14.	The agency could not say when the tape was made, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14. The voice said he is talking on June 14th.	1
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today.	The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today.	1
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today.	"The United States welcomes NATO's role in Iraq's stabilization," Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today.	1
"The United States welcomes a greater NATO role in Iraq's stabilization," Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today.	The United States welcomes NATO's role in Iraq's stabilization, Mr. Powell told his colleagues in a speech today.	1
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.	Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and ask to speak on the issue.	1
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.	Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and will ask to speak on the issue.	1
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.	Ross Garber, Rowland's attorney, said on Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.	1
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.	Ross Garber is Rowland's attorney. He said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and ask to speak on the issue.	1
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.	Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday that he will attend the meeting and will ask to speak on the issue.	1
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.	Ross Garber, Rowland's attorney, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and ask to speak on the issue.	1
Ross Garber, Rowland's lawyer, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and would ask to speak on the issue.	Ross Garber, Rowland's attorney, said Tuesday he would attend the meeting and will ask to speak on the issue.	1
PeopleSoft, of Pleasanton, California, said the deal would increase its 2004 earnings, excluding amortization and other items.	PeopleSoft, of Pleasanton, Calif., said the deal would increase its 2004 earnings, excluding amortization and other items.	1
PeopleSoft, of Pleasanton, California, said the deal would increase its 2004 earnings, excluding amortization and other items.	PeopleSoft of Pleasanton, California, said the deal would increase its 2004 earnings, excluding amortization and other items.	1
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.	"The academy is shocked and saddened," said Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman.	1
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.	Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened. "	1
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.	"The academy is shocked and saddened." Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.	1
Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened.	Cmdr. Rod Gibbons, an academy spokesman, said, "The academy is shocked and saddened."	1
They calculate that one-third of those taking the drug would gain an average of 11 years of life, free of cardiovascular disease.	Their calculation that one-third of those taking the drug would gain an average of 11 years of life, free of cardiovascular disease.	1
They calculate that one-third of those taking the drug would gain an average of 11 years of life, free of cardiovascular disease.	One third of people taking the drug would gain an average of 11 years of life, free from cardiovascular disease.	1
"We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).	'We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place,' said Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).	1
"We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).	"We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place." declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).	1
"We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).	"We don't want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).	1
"We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).	I don't want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).	1
"We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).	I don't want to sit by and let a credit card lynching take place, declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).	1
"We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).	Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn) said, "We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place."	1
"We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).	Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn): "We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place."	1
"We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).	We do not want to stand by and let a credit card lynching take place," declared Rep. Major Owens (D-Brooklyn).	1
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.	The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet started flying again.	1
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.	When the shuttle fleet will start flying again, the problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet can fly again.	1
In a conference call with reporters, RNC Chairman Ed Gillespie said he sent the request to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.	On a conference call with reporters, the RNC Chairman Ed Gillespie said he sent the request to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.	1
In a conference call with reporters, RNC Chairman Ed Gillespie said he sent the request to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.	In a conference call with reporters, the RNC Chairman Ed Gillespie said he sent the request to CBS Television President Leslie Moonves.	1
And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVD and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	1
And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	In its predictions, Forrester predicts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4 billion by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	1
And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	1
And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	Forrester predicts that on demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	1
And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	Forrester predicts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	1
And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	Forrester forecasts that on demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	1
And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	Forrester says that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	1
And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	Forrester Research projects that the on demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	1
And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	Forrester estimates that on demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	1
The results were released at Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.	The results were released on Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.	1
The results were released at Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.	Results were released at Tuesday's meeting in Seattle of the American Thoracic Society and will be published in Thursday's New England Journal of Medicine.	1
Music mogul Simon Cowell's latest project, a reality TV dating show called Cupid, airs in the US on Wednesday.	Simon Cowell's new project, a reality TV dating show called Cupid, will air in the US on Wednesday.	1
The defeat of the ninth seed Daniela Hantuchova on Wednesday was the only thing to disrupt an otherwise orderly second round in Serena Williams's half of the women's draw.	The loss of the ninth seed Daniela Hantuchova on Wednesday was the only thing to disrupt an otherwise orderly second round of Serena Williams's draw.	1
The euro was at 1.5281 versus the Swiss franc EURCHF= , up 0.2 percent on the session, after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session.	Euro was at 1.5281 against the Swiss franc EURCHF=, up 0.2 percent on the session, after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292.	1
The euro was at 1.5281 versus the Swiss franc EURCHF= , up 0.2 percent on the session, after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session.	Euro was at 1.5281 versus Swiss franc EURCHF=, up 0.2 percent on the session, after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session.	1
"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of ... Sept. 11th."	"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of... Sept. 11th."	1
"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of ... Sept. 11th."	We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of... Sept 11th."	1
"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of ... Sept. 11th."	"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light through the prism of... Sept. 11th."	1
"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of ... Sept. 11th."	We acted because we saw existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of Sept. 11th."	1
"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of ... Sept. 11th."	"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of Sept 11th."	1
"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of ... Sept. 11th."	"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of September 11th."	1
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.	New legit download service launch with PC users in mind.	1
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.	New legit download service launched with PC users in mind.	1
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.	A legit download service has launched with PC users in mind.	1
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.	New legit download service is launched with PC users in mind.	1
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it's infected and kill it.	1
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	On a cell's surface, the foreign components are recognized by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	1
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	On a cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	1
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realize it is infected and kill it.	1
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	On the cell surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	1
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognized by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	1
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	On the cell's surface, foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	1
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	On the cell surface, foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	1
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	In a cell's surface, foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	1
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	Unilever Bestfoods announced Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	1
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	Unilever BestFoods announced Wednesday that it will remove trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	1
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it will strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	1
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it will strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spread by the middle of next year.	1
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	Unilever Bestfoods said on Wednesday that it will strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	1
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	Unilever Bestfoods said on Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spread by the middle of next year.	1
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	Unilever Bestfoods announced Wednesday it will strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	1
"We are pleased with the judge's decision and pleased that they accepted our arguments," a Merrill spokesman said Tuesday.	"We are pleased with the judge's decision and pleased that they accepted our arguments," a Merrill spokesman said Tuesday. "	1
"We are pleased with the judge's decision and pleased that they accepted our arguments," a Merrill spokesman said Tuesday.	We are pleased with the judge's decision and pleased that they accepted our arguments," a Merrill spokesman said Tuesday.	1
On the stand Wednesday, she said she was referring only to the kissing.	On the stand Wednesday, she said that she was referring only to the kissing.	1
On the stand Wednesday, she said she was referring only to the kissing.	On the stand, Wednesday, she said she was referring only to the kissing.	1
On the stand Wednesday, she said she was referring only to the kissing.	In the stand Wednesday, she said she was referring only to the kissing.	1
On the stand Wednesday, she said she was referring only to the kissing.	She said on the stand Wednesday she was only referring to the kissing.	1
Deasean and Walker, a resident of nearby Barbey Street, were rushed to Brookdale Hospital Medical Center, where they died about 6 p.m., O'Brien said.	Then Deasean and Walker, a resident of nearby Barbey Street, were rushed to Brookdale Hospital Medical Center, where they died about 6 p.m., O'Brien said.	1
Deasean and Walker, a resident of nearby Barbey Street, were rushed to Brookdale Hospital Medical Center, where they died about 6 p.m., O'Brien said.	Deasean Walker and a resident of nearby Barbey Street, were rushed to Brookdale Hospital Medical Center, where they died about 6 p.m., O'Brien said.	1
Deasean and Walker, a resident of nearby Barbey Street, were rushed to Brookdale Hospital Medical Center, where they died about 6 p.m., O'Brien said.	Both Deasean and Walker, a resident of nearby Barbey Street, were rushed to Brookdale Hospital Medical Center, where they died about 6 p.m., O'Brien said.	1
More than 6,000 companies must get shareholders' approval before granting their executives options and other stock compensation packages, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday.	More than 6,000 companies must get shareholders' approval before granting their executive options and other stock compensation packages, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday.	1
More than 6,000 companies must get shareholders' approval before granting their executives options and other stock compensation packages, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday.	More than 6,000 companies must get shareholders' approval before granting executive options and other stock compensation packages, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday.	1
More than 6,000 companies must get shareholders' approval before granting their executives options and other stock compensation packages, the Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday.	The Securities and Exchange Commission said Monday that more than 6,000 companies must get shareholders' approval before granting their executives options and other stock compensation packages.	1
Garner said the group would probably be expanded to include, for example, a Christian and perhaps another Sunni leader.	Garner said the group would likely be expanded to include, for example, a Christian and perhaps another Sunni leader.	1
Garner said the group would probably be expanded to include, for example, a Christian and perhaps another Sunni leader.	Garner said the group would probably be expanded to include, for example, a Christian and maybe another Sunni leader.	1
Garner said the group would probably be expanded to include, for example, a Christian and perhaps another Sunni leader.	Garner said the group might be expanded to include, for example, a Christian and maybe another Sunni leader.	1
Garner said the group would probably be expanded to include, for example, a Christian and perhaps another Sunni leader.	Garner said the group would probably be expanded to include, for example, a Christian leader and perhaps another Sunni leader.	1
Garner said the group would probably be expanded to include, for example, a Christian and perhaps another Sunni leader.	Garner said the group might be expanded to include, for example, a Christian and perhaps another Sunni leader.	1
Five pools contained no traces of disinfectant at all.	Five pools had no traces of disinfectant at all.	1
Five pools contained no traces of disinfectant at all.	Five pools contained no traces of disinfectant at all. Five pools contained no traces of disinfectant at all.	1
Five pools contained no traces of disinfectant at all.	5 pools contained no traces of disinfectant at all.	1
Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.	Mr. Goh, on his part, described the visit as particularly important, given the SARS situation.	1
Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.	Mr Goh described the visit as special - given the SARS situation.	1
Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.	Mr. Goh says the visit was an important one given the SARS crisis.	1
Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.	On his part, Mr Goh described the visit as being especially important - given the SARS situation.	1
Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.	Mr Goh said the visit was very important given the situation in SARS.	1
Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.	Mr. Goh - On his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.	1
Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.	Mr Goh described the visit as being very important - given the SARS situation.	1
Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.	Mr Goh has described the visit as particularly important given the SARS situation.	1
Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.	Mr Goh, on his part, described the visit as special - given the SARS situation.	1
Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.	On his part, Mr Goh has described the visit as especially important given the SARS situation.	1
Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.	Mr Goh described the visit as particularly important - given the SARS situation.	1
Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.	On his part, Mr Goh described the visit as being especially important given the SARS situation.	1
Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.	In his own words, Mr Goh described the visit as important - given the SARS situation.	1
Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.	Mr Goh, on his part, described the visit as particularly important - given the SARS situation.	1
Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.	Mr. Goh described the visit as being very important, given the SARS situation.	1
It is publishing the studies in the July issue of its Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology.	The studies are published in the July issue of the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology.	1
"This blackout was largely preventable," U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a briefing on the report.	"The blackout was largely preventable," said U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham at a briefing on the report.	1
"This blackout was largely preventable," U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a briefing on the report.	“This blackout was largely preventable,” U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a briefing on the report.	1
"This blackout was largely preventable," U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a briefing on the report.	This blackout was largely preventable," U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a briefing on the report.	1
"This blackout was largely preventable," U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a briefing on the report.	This blackout was largely preventable," U.S. energy secretary Spencer Abraham said at a briefing on the report.	1
"This blackout was largely preventable," U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a briefing on the report.	This blackout was largely preventable, said U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham at a briefing on the report.	1
"This blackout was largely preventable," U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said at a briefing on the report.	The Blackout was largely preventable, said U.S. Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham at a briefing on the report.	1
"There were more people surrounding the clubhouse than the Unabomber's house up in the hills," Baker said.	"There were more people around the clubhouse than the Unabomber's house up in the hills," Baker said.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.	1
Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she would spend the weekend considering the possibility of further legal action.	Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she would spend the weekend considering possible legal action.	1
Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she would spend the weekend considering the possibility of further legal action.	Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she will spend the weekend considering possible legal action.	1
Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she would spend the weekend considering the possibility of further legal action.	Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral has said she will spend the weekend thinking of possible legal action.	1
Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she would spend the weekend considering the possibility of further legal action.	Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she will spend the weekend considering the possibility of further legal action.	1
Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she would spend the weekend considering the possibility of further legal action.	Friends of Animals President Priscilla Feral has said she will spend the weekend considering legal action.	1
Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she would spend the weekend considering the possibility of further legal action.	Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she will spend the weekend considering the possibility of legal action.	1
Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she would spend the weekend considering the possibility of further legal action.	Friends of Animals president Priscilla Feral said she would spend the weekend considering the possibility of legal action.	1
He then drove south on Hemphill and west on Drew Street driving about 60 mph, Jones said.	He drove south on Hemphill and west on Drew Street about 60 mph, Jones said.	1
He then drove south on Hemphill and west on Drew Street driving about 60 mph, Jones said.	He then drove south on Hemphill and west on Drew Street traveling about 60 mph, Jones said.	1
He then drove south on Hemphill and west on Drew Street driving about 60 mph, Jones said.	He then drove south on Hemphill and west on Drew Street about 60 mph, Jones said.	1
He then drove south on Hemphill and west on Drew Street driving about 60 mph, Jones said.	He drove south on Hemphill and west on Drew Street driving about 60 mph, Jones said.	1
He then drove south on Hemphill and west on Drew Street driving about 60 mph, Jones said.	He drove south on Hemphill and west on Drew Street, driving about 60 mph, Jones said.	1
He then drove south on Hemphill and west on Drew Street driving about 60 mph, Jones said.	He then drove south on Hemphill and west on Drew Street, driving about 60 mph, Jones said.	1
The Fourth of July Parade begins at 10:30 a.m. on Redwood Road, above the Sequoia and Redwood intersection.	The Fourth of July Parade starts at 10:30 a.m. on Redwood Road above the Sequoia and Redwood intersection.	1
The Fourth of July Parade begins at 10:30 a.m. on Redwood Road, above the Sequoia and Redwood intersection.	The Fourth of July parade starts at 10:30 a.m. on Redwood Road, above the Sequoia and Redwood intersection.	1
The Fourth of July Parade begins at 10:30 a.m. on Redwood Road, above the Sequoia and Redwood intersection.	The Fourth of July Parade begins at 10:30 a.m. on Redwood Road, above the Sequoia and Redwood intersections.	1
The Fourth of July Parade begins at 10:30 a.m. on Redwood Road, above the Sequoia and Redwood intersection.	The Fourth of July Parade starts at 10:30 a.m. on Redwood Road, above the Sequoia and Redwood intersections.	1
The Fourth of July Parade begins at 10:30 a.m. on Redwood Road, above the Sequoia and Redwood intersection.	The Fourth of July Parade will begin at 10:30 a.m. on Redwood Road, above the Sequoia and Redwood intersections.	1
The Fourth of July Parade begins at 10:30 a.m. on Redwood Road, above the Sequoia and Redwood intersection.	The Fourth of July Parade starts at 10:30 a.m. on Redwood Road, above the Sequoia and Redwood intersection.	1
"The actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability."	"The actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability".	1
"The actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability."	The actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability.	1
"The actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability."	"The actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability. "	1
Charles O. Prince, 53, was named as Mr. Weill's successor.	Charles O. Prince, 53, will be Mr. Weill's successor.	1
Charles O. Prince, 53, was named as Mr. Weill's successor.	Charles O. Prince, 53, was renamed as Mr. Weill's successor.	1
Charles O. Prince, 53, was named as Mr. Weill's successor.	Charles Prince, 53, is named as Mr. Weill's successor.	1
Charles O. Prince, 53, was named as Mr. Weill's successor.	Charles Prince, 53, was named as Mr. Weill's successor.	1
Charles O. Prince, 53, was named as Mr. Weill's successor.	Charles O. Prince, 53, was appointed as Mr. Weill's successor.	1
What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010.	What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually by 2010 in the United States by 2010.	1
What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010.	What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped that Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually by 2010 in the United States by 2010.	1
What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010.	What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010. What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped that Hyundai would sell one million vehicles by 2010.	1
What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010.	What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010. What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010.	1
What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010.	What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010. What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010.	1
What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010.	What is more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010.	1
What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010.	What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010. What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell 1 million vehicles annually by 2010.	1
What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010.	What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010. What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell 1 million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010.	1
What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010.	What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually in the United States by 2010. What's more, Mr. O'Neill said that he hoped that he hoped Hyundai would sell one million vehicles annually by 2010.	1
Think Dynamics, which is based in Toronto, will become part of IBM's Software Group.	Think Dynamics, which is based in Toronto, will be part of IBM's software group.	1
Think Dynamics, which is based in Toronto, will become part of IBM's Software Group.	Think Dynamics (a company based in Toronto) will become part of IBM's Software Group.	1
Think Dynamics, which is based in Toronto, will become part of IBM's Software Group.	Think Dynamics, based in Toronto, will become part of IBM's Software Group.	1
Think Dynamics, which is based in Toronto, will become part of IBM's Software Group.	Think Dynamics, based in Toronto, will become part of IBM's software group.	1
Think Dynamics, which is based in Toronto, will become part of IBM's Software Group.	Think Dynamics is a Toronto-based company, and will be part of IBM's Software Group.	1
It recommended that consideration be given to making the job of CIA director a career post instead of a political appointment.	On the other hand, it suggested that consideration be given to making the job of CIA director a career post instead of a political appointment.	1
Officials are also meeting with the International Organization for Epizootics (OIE), which establishes animal-health standards for the world.	Officials are meeting with the International Organization for Epizootics (OIE), which established animal-health standards for the world.	1
Officials are also meeting with the International Organization for Epizootics (OIE), which establishes animal-health standards for the world.	Officials are also meeting with the International Organization for Epizootics (OIE), which sets animal-health standards for the world.	1
Officials are also meeting with the International Organization for Epizootics (OIE), which establishes animal-health standards for the world.	Officials are meeting with the International Organization for Epizootics (OIE), which establishes animal-health standards for the world.	1
GE stock closed Friday at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.	GE closed Friday at $30.65 a share down about 42 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
GE stock closed Friday at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.	GE closed Friday at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
GE stock closed Friday at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.	GE shares closed Friday at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Pope John Paul has health problems but is still at the helm of the Roman Catholic Church, the pope's top aide has told Reuters.	Pope John Paul has health issues but is still in the helm of the Roman Catholic Church, the pope's top aide has told Reuters.	1
Pope John Paul has health problems but is still at the helm of the Roman Catholic Church, the pope's top aide has told Reuters.	Pope John Paul has health problems but still at the helm of the Roman Catholic Church, the pope's top aide has told Reuters.	1
Pope John Paul has health problems but is still at the helm of the Roman Catholic Church, the pope's top aide has told Reuters.	Pope John Paul has health problems but is still in charge of the Roman Catholic Church, the pope's top aide has told Reuters.	1
Fletcher will not do that, said his campaign manager, Daniel Groves.	Fletcher didn't do this, said his campaign manager Daniel Groves.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gave up 3.88 points, or 0.24 percent, to 1,644.76.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC gave up 3.88 points, or 0.24 percent, to 1,644.76.	1
Pharmacy Guild president Richard Heslop said many pharmacy customers were also returning recalled products.	Pharmacy Guild president Richard Heslop said some pharmacy customers were also returning recalled products.	1
Pharmacy Guild president Richard Heslop said many pharmacy customers were also returning recalled products.	Pharmaceutical Guild President Richard Heslop said many pharmacy customers were also returning recalled products.	1
Pharmacy Guild president Richard Heslop said many pharmacy customers were also returning recalled products.	Pharmaceutical Guild president Richard Heslop said many pharmacy customers were also returning recalled products.	1
US troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.	US military encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.	1
US troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.	American troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.	1
US troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.	The US troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.	1
US troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.	US soldiers encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.	1
US troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.	U.S. troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.	1
US troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.	Assault Weapons: US troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.	1
US troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.	The US army encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.	1
HCA Inc. , the largest U.S. hospital chain, dropped $2.21, or 5.8 percent, to $36.14.	HCA Inc., the largest U.S. hospital chain, dropped $2.21, or 5.8 percent, to $36.14.	1
They said they were not advocating the changes yet, but believed they are worth considering — especially as NATO expands to 26 members.	They said they were not advocating the changes yet, but believe they are worth considering — especially as NATO expands to 26 members.	1
They said they were not advocating the changes yet, but believed they are worth considering — especially as NATO expands to 26 members.	They said they were not advocating the changes yet, but believed they are worth considering, especially as NATO expands to 26 members.	1
They said they were not advocating the changes yet, but believed they are worth considering — especially as NATO expands to 26 members.	They said they were not advocating the changes yet, but believe they are worth considering, especially as NATO expands to 26 members.	1
They were identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalaludin Mading of Thailand, and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt.	They were identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalalaudin Mading of Thailand, and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt.	1
They were identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalaludin Mading of Thailand, and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt.	They were identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalaludin Mading of Thailand, and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt	1
In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled more than $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.	In 2001 and 2002, wire transfers from 4 of the company's 40 accounts totaled over $3.2 billion, prosecutors said.	1
Elsewhere, European stocks were barely changed but within a few points of year highs.	In addition, European stocks were barely changed but within a few points of year highs.	1
Elsewhere, European stocks were barely changed but within a few points of year highs.	Europe shares were barely changed but within a few points of year highs.	1
Elsewhere, European stocks were barely changed but within a few points of year highs.	As of now, European stocks have barely changed but within a few points of year highs.	1
Elsewhere, European stocks were barely changed but within a few points of year highs.	Europe stocks were barely changed but within a few points of year highs.	1
The only other JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al Faruq, now held at a secret location by the United States.	The only other JI member to give similar information to Omar al Faruq, now held at a secret location by the United States.	1
The only other JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al Faruq, now held at a secret location by the United States.	The only other JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al-Faruq, now held at a secret location by the United States.	1
His lack of co-operation was allowing other Jemaah Islamiah fugitives to remain at large, Mr Dila told the court.	His lack of co-operation was allowing others Jemaah Islamiah fugitives to remain at large, Mr Dila told the court.	1
"Prime Minister Abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples," Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said after Tuesday's meeting.	"Prime Minister Abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples," Israel's Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said after Tuesday's meeting.	1
"Prime Minister Abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples," Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said after Tuesday's meeting.	"Prime Minister Abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples," Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said after Tuesday's meeting with the Prime Minister.	1
Random testing of security procedures should also take place.	Random testing on the security system should also take place.	1
Random testing of security procedures should also take place.	Random testing of security procedures should also be done.	1
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	Two officials initially said 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	1
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	Two officials initially said that about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	1
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	Two officials said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states. Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	1
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	Two officials said initial about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	1
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	Two officials originally said that about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	1
"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words," daughter Linda Hope said.	He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words," daughter Linda Hope said.	1
"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words," daughter Linda Hope said.	"He left us with a smile on his face and no last words," daughter Linda Hope said.	1
"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words," daughter Linda Hope said.	"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words," said daughter Linda Hope.	1
"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words," daughter Linda Hope said.	"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words," daughter Linda Hope said. "He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words."	1
The Midwestern research center will focus on the development of diagnostic, therapeutic and vaccine products for anthrax, botulism, tularemia, hemorrhagic fever viruses and plague.	This Midwestern research center will focus on the development of diagnostic, therapeutic and vaccine products for anthrax, botulism, tularemia, hemorrhagic fever viruses and plague.	1
The Midwestern research center will focus on the development of diagnostic, therapeutic and vaccine products for anthrax, botulism, tularemia, hemorrhagic fever viruses and plague.	Midwestern Research Center will focus on the development of diagnostic, therapeutic and vaccine products for anthrax, botulism, tularemia, hemorrhagic fever viruses and plague.	1
As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares dropped during yesterday's trading, decreasing $1.42 to close at $14.97.	As often happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares fell during yesterday's trading, decreasing $1.42 to close at $14.97.	1
As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares dropped during yesterday's trading, decreasing $1.42 to close at $14.97.	As usually happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares dropped during yesterday's trading, decreasing $1.42 to close at $14.97.	1
As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares dropped during yesterday's trading, decreasing $1.42 to close at $14.97.	As often happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares dropped during yesterday's trading, decreasing $1.42 to close at $14.97.	1
As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares dropped during yesterday's trading, decreasing $1.42 to close at $14.97.	As commonly happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares dropped during yesterday's trading, decreasing $1.42 to close at $14.97.	1
As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares dropped during yesterday's trading, decreasing $1.42 to close at $14.97.	As is usually the case with new companies after a major acquisition, PeopleSoft shares dropped during yesterday's trading, decreasing $1.42 to close at $14.97.	1
About 400 of those taken into custody were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet.	About 400 of the people taken into custody were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet.	1
About 400 of those taken into custody were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet.	About 400 people were taken into custody for manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet.	1
About 400 of those taken into custody were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet.	Almost 400 people were taken into custody for manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet.	1
About 400 of those taken into custody were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet.	About 400 of those taken into custody were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography online.	1
About 400 of those taken into custody were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet.	Almost 400 of the arrested were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the internet.	1
About 400 of those taken into custody were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet.	Some 400 of those taken into custody were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet.	1
About 400 of those taken into custody were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet.	On the internet, around 400 people were arrested and charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography.	1
About 400 of those taken into custody were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet.	Approximately 400 of those taken into custody were charged with manufacturing or distributing child pornography on the Internet.	1
Ninety-five percent of international cargo to the United States is carried by ship.	More than 90 percent of the international cargo that leaves the United States is carried by ship.	1
Ninety-five percent of international cargo to the United States is carried by ship.	Ninety-five percent of the international cargo to the United States is carried by ship.	1
"I'm disgusted, physically sick in the stomach," said Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.	"I'm disgusted physically sick in the stomach," said Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.	1
"I'm disgusted, physically sick in the stomach," said Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.	"I'm disgusted and physically sick in the stomach," said Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.	1
One Republican sent out a flier this week citing a 3.8-percent increase in the S&P 500 stock index since passage of the tax cuts in May.	A Republican sent out a flier this week citing a 3.8-percent increase in the S&P 500 since passage of the tax cuts in May.	1
One Republican sent out a flier this week citing a 3.8-percent increase in the S&P 500 stock index since passage of the tax cuts in May.	One Republican sent out a flier this week citing a 3.8-percent increase in the S&P 500 since passage of the tax cut in May.	1
One Republican sent out a flier this week citing a 3.8-percent increase in the S&P 500 stock index since passage of the tax cuts in May.	One Republican sent out a flier this week citing a 3.8-percent increase in the S&P 500 stock index since passage of the tax cut in May.	1
One Republican sent out a flier this week citing a 3.8-percent increase in the S&P 500 stock index since passage of the tax cuts in May.	One Republican sent out a flier this week citing a 3.8-percent increase in the S&P 500 since passage of the tax cuts in May.	1
P&G officials later concluded that the better approach was to split up the contracts to avoid reliance on just one contractor.	P&G administrators were later informed that the better approach was to split up the contracts to avoid reliance on just one contractor.	1
P&G officials later concluded that the better approach was to split up the contracts to avoid reliance on just one contractor.	As a result, P&G officials concluded that the better approach was to split up the contracts to avoid reliance on just one contractor.	1
P&G officials later concluded that the better approach was to split up the contracts to avoid reliance on just one contractor.	P&G officials concluded that the better approach was to split up the contracts to avoid reliance on just one contractor.	1
P&G officials later concluded that the better approach was to split up the contracts to avoid reliance on just one contractor.	P&G has come to the conclusion that the best approach is to split up the contracts to avoid reliance on just one contractor.	1
Under the NBC proposal, Vivendi would merge its U.S. film and TV business with NBC's broadcast network, Spanish-language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo.	Under the proposed NBC proposal, Vivendi would merge its U.S. film and TV business with NBC's broadcast network, Spanish-language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo.	1
Under the NBC proposal, Vivendi would merge its U.S. film and TV business with NBC's broadcast network, Spanish-language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo.	According to the NBC proposal, Vivendi would merge its U.S. film and TV business with NBC's broadcast network, Spanish-language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo.	1
Under the NBC proposal, Vivendi would merge its U.S. film and TV business with NBC's broadcast network, Spanish-language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo.	Under the proposal of NBC, Vivendi would merge its U.S. film and TV business with NBC's broadcast network, Spanish-language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo.	1
"It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.	It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states."	1
Belgium said Saturday it has decided to scrap a controversial war crimes law which has seen cases launched against President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	Belgium said Saturday it will scrap a controversial war crimes law which has seen cases launched against President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	1
Belgium said Saturday it has decided to scrap a controversial war crimes law which has seen cases launched against President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	Belgium said on Saturday it will scrap a controversial war crimes law which has seen cases launched against President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	1
"His comments were extremely inappropriate and the decision was an easy one," MSNBC spokesman Jeremy Gaines said.	"His comments were extremely inappropriate and the decision was an easy one," MSNBC spokesman Jeremy Gaines said. "	1
"His comments were extremely inappropriate and the decision was an easy one," MSNBC spokesman Jeremy Gaines said.	His comments were extremely inappropriate and the decision was an easy one," MSNBC spokesman Jeremy Gaines said.	1
He also had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis.	He also had management jobs at three space centers before being appointed director of Stennis.	1
He also had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis.	He had a management job at three space centers before he was named director of Stennis.	1
He also had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis.	Before being appointed director of Stennis, he had management jobs in three space centers.	1
He also had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis.	He also had management jobs at three space centers before he was appointed director of Stennis.	1
He also had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis.	Before becoming the director of Stennis, he also had management jobs at three space centers.	1
He also had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis.	He has also had management jobs at three space centers before he was named director of Stennis.	1
He also had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis.	He had several management jobs in three space centers before he became a director of Stennis.	1
He also had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis.	Before being named director of Stennis, he also had management jobs at three space centers.	1
He also had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis.	He had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis.	1
He also had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis.	Before becoming director of Stennis, he had management jobs at three space centers.	1
News that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.	The news that oil producers were dropping output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.	1
News that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.	The fact that the oil producers were reducing their output from starting in November exacerbated the sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.	1
News that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.	The news that oil producers were reducing their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.	1
News that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.	The news that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.	1
News that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.	The news that the oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.	1
News that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.	The news that oil producers are lowering their output in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.	1
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.	Chi Chi's has agreed to close its doors until Jan. 2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.	1
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.	Chi-Chi's agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2, two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.	1
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.	Chi-Chi's has agreed to shut down until Jan. 2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.	1
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.	Chi Chi's has agreed to close until Jan. 2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.	1
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.	Chi Chi has agreed to shut down until Jan. 2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.	1
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.	Chi Chi-Chi's will keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2, two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.	1
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.	Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2, two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.	1
The Commerce ruling Tuesday will impose a 44.71 percent tariff on dynamic random access memory semiconductors (DRAMS) made by Hynix Semiconductor Inc.	Will Commerce ruling Tuesday will impose 44,71 percent tariff on dynamic random access memory semiconductors (DRAMS) made by Hynix Semiconductor Inc.	1
The Commerce ruling Tuesday will impose a 44.71 percent tariff on dynamic random access memory semiconductors (DRAMS) made by Hynix Semiconductor Inc.	Commerce ruling Tuesday will impose a 44.71 percent tariff on dynamic random access memory semiconductors (DRAMS) made by Hynix Semiconductor Inc.	1
The Commerce ruling Tuesday will impose a 44.71 percent tariff on dynamic random access memory semiconductors (DRAMS) made by Hynix Semiconductor Inc.	Will the Commerce ruling Tuesday will impose a 44.71 percent tariff on dynamic random access memory semiconductors (DRAMS) made by Hynix Semiconductor Inc.	1
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been gathering information on suspect cases.	The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is collecting information on suspect cases.	1
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been gathering information on suspect cases.	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has collected information on suspect cases.	1
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been gathering information on suspect cases.	The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is collecting information about suspected cases.	1
They note that after several weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings, investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher.	In their view, after several weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings, investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher.	1
They note that after several weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings, investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher.	After several weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings, investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher.	1
They note that after several weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings, investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher.	After some weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings, investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher.	1
They note that after several weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings, investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher.	The investors note that after several weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings, investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher.	1
They note that after several weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings, investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher.	After weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings, investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher.	1
They note that after several weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings, investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher.	According to them, after several weeks of rallies on upbeat earnings, investors are looking for stronger evidence of a recovery before sending stocks higher.	1
Shares of Mattel were down 13 cents to $19.72 on the New York Stock Exchange.	In the New York Stock Exchange, shares of Mattel were down 13 cents to $19.72.	1
Shares of Mattel were down 13 cents to $19.72 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Stocks of Mattel are down 13 cents to $19.72 on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Shares of Mattel were down 13 cents to $19.72 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Mattel shares were down 13 cents to $19.72 on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Both were declared dead about 6 p.m. at Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center.	Both were declared dead around 6 p.m. at Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center.	1
Both were declared dead about 6 p.m. at Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center.	Both were declared dead at 6 p.m. in Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center.	1
Both were declared dead about 6 p.m. at Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center.	Both were declared dead at Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center about 6 p.m.	1
In terms of format, DVD music took off while legitimate online music broadened its reach, the IFPI said.	In terms of format, DVD music took off while legitimate online music expanded its reach, the IFPI said.	1
In terms of format, DVD music took off while legitimate online music broadened its reach, the IFPI said.	In terms of format, DVD music took off while legitimate online music expanded its reach, IFPI said.	1
In terms of format, DVD music took off while legitimate online music broadened its reach, the IFPI said.	In terms of format, DVD music took off while legitimate online music expanded its reach, said the IFPI.	1
In terms of format, DVD music took off while legitimate online music broadened its reach, the IFPI said.	In terms of format, DVD music took off while legitimate online music broadened its reach, said the IFPI.	1
In terms of format, DVD music took off while legitimate online music broadened its reach, the IFPI said.	In terms of format, DVD music took off while legitimate online music broadened its reach, said IFPI.	1
Malvo was brought into the courtroom for about two minutes Monday so a witness could identify him.	Michael Malvo was brought into the courtroom for about two minutes Monday so a witness could identify him.	1
Malvo was brought into the courtroom for about two minutes Monday so a witness could identify him.	Malvo was brought into the courtroom for about two minutes Monday so that a witness could identify him.	1
Malvo was brought into the courtroom for about two minutes Monday so a witness could identify him.	Malvo was brought in the courtroom for about two minutes Monday so a witness could identify him.	1
Malvo was brought into the courtroom for about two minutes Monday so a witness could identify him.	Malvo was brought into the courtroom for about two minutes on Monday so a witness could identify him.	1
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.	They cover more than 300.000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.	1
The hospital where she is staying is being guarded by about a dozen undercover police and military intelligence officers.	In the hospital where she is staying, she is being guarded by about a dozen undercover police and military intelligence officers.	1
A three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.	In a ruling by the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals, a three-judge panel of the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled late Friday that the small size, limited use and secular purpose make the image legitimate.	1
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.	In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness towards capital punishment.	1
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.	In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness about capital punishment.	1
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.	In an interview with Healey, a criminologist, he acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.	1
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.	In an interview, healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness about capital punishment.	1
Today, the Columbia Accident Investigation Board will issue its findings on what caused the accident.	Today, the Columbia Accident Investigation Board will issue its findings. What caused the accident?	1
Today, the Columbia Accident Investigation Board will issue its findings on what caused the accident.	Today the Columbia Accident Investigation Board will issue its findings on what caused the accident.	1
Today, the Columbia Accident Investigation Board will issue its findings on what caused the accident.	Today, the Columbia Accident Investigation Board will issue its findings on the causes of the accident.	1
"I'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them, they will continue."	I'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them, they will continue."	1
"I'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them, they will continue."	I'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them, they will continue.	1
"I'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them, they will continue."	"I'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them, they will continue"	1
"I'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them, they will continue."	I'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them, they will continue. "	1
"I'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them, they will continue."	I'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them, they will continue. "I'm not aware of any changes in policy"	1
Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $120,000.	Telemarketers who call an listed number could face FCC fines of up to $120,000.	1
Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $120,000.	Telemarketers that call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $120,000.	1
Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $120,000.	Can telemarketers who call listed numbers face FCC fines of up to $120,000?	1
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.	The compensation committee will ban securities industry directors from sitting on it.	1
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.	Compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.	1
Immediately after the blast, people portraying some of the 150 "victims" stumbled amid the wreckage as emergency vehicles converged on the scene.	Immediately after the blast, people portraying some of the 150 victims stumbled amid the wreckage as emergency vehicles converged on the scene.	1
Immediately after the blast, people portraying some of the 150 "victims" stumbled amid the wreckage as emergency vehicles converged on the scene.	After the explosion, people portraying some of the 150 victims stumbled amid the wreckage as emergency vehicles converged on the scene.	1
"This is, I think, a very seminal moment in our agency's history," Mr O'Keefe said.	"I think this is, I think, a very seminal moment in our agency's history," Mr O'Keefe said.	1
"This is, I think, a very seminal moment in our agency's history," Mr O'Keefe said.	"This is, I think, a very seminal moment in our agency's history", Mr O'Keefe said.	1
British police claim they have been taking statements from more than 30 of the women.	British Police claim they have been taking statements from more than 30 women.	1
British police claim they have been taking statements from more than 30 of the women.	British police claim they have been taking statements from more than 30 women.	1
British police claim they have been taking statements from more than 30 of the women.	British police say they have been taking statements from more than 30 women.	1
British police claim they have been taking statements from more than 30 of the women.	British police claim they have taken statements from more than 30 of the women.	1
British police claim they have been taking statements from more than 30 of the women.	British police claim they have taken statements from more than 30 women.	1
British police claim they have been taking statements from more than 30 of the women.	British police say they have been taking statements from more than 30 of the women.	1
British police claim they have been taking statements from more than 30 of the women.	British police claim they have been taking statements from over 30 of the women.	1
British police claim they have been taking statements from more than 30 of the women.	British police claim they have been taking statements from over 30 women.	1
A group of investors wants to start a TV network aimed at the estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States.	A group of investors wants to start a television network aimed at the estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States.	1
He said that in early December, immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government's computerized "watch lists."	In early December, immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government's computerized "watch lists."	1
He said that in early December, immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government's computerized "watch lists."	In early December, Immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match fingerprints to the federal government's computerized "watch lists."	1
Derrick Todd Lee is helped from a plane in Baton Rouge, Wednesday.	Derrick Todd Lee was being helped from a plane in Baton Rouge, Wednesday.	1
Derrick Todd Lee is helped from a plane in Baton Rouge, Wednesday.	Derrick Todd Lee is escorted from a plane in Baton Rouge, Wednesday.	1
Derrick Todd Lee is helped from a plane in Baton Rouge, Wednesday.	Derrick Todd Lee was helped from a plane in Baton Rouge, Wednesday.	1
They also said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive power blackout.	They said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive power blackout.	1
They also said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive power blackout.	They said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive blackout.	1
They also said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive power blackout.	And they said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive blackout last week.	1
They also said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive power blackout.	The rule will make the country's electrical system more reliable - a high-profile issue after last week's massive power blackout.	1
They also said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive power blackout.	They also said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive blackout.	1
They also said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive power blackout.	They also said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive blackouts.	1
They also said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive power blackout.	They said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable - a high-profile issue after last week's massive blackout.	1
Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on a controversial gas project, a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms.	Sanchez de Lozada promises a referendum on a controversial gas project, a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms.	1
Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on a controversial gas project, a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms.	Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on the controversial gas project, a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms.	1
Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on a controversial gas project, a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms.	Sanchez de Lozada has promised to do a referendum on a controversial gas project, a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms.	1
Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on a controversial gas project, a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms.	Sanchez de Lozada promised referendum on a controversial gas project, a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms.	1
Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on a controversial gas project, a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms.	Sanchez de Lozada promised to organize a referendum on the controversial gas project, a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms.	1
Yesterday, this honor was given to Firefighter Thomas C. Brick, who died last Tuesday battling a fire in an Upper Manhattan warehouse.	Yesterday, this honor was given to a firefighter Thomas C. Brick, who died last Tuesday battling a fire in an Upper Manhattan warehouse.	1
In the settlement, Tyrer agreed to pay $US1.06 million in allegedly ill-gotten trading profits and $US342,195 in interest, the SEC said.	In the settlement, Tyrer agreed to pay $US1.06 million in alleged ill-gotten trading profits and $US342,195 in interest, the SEC said.	1
The agency said it would not release the name of the 17-year-old involved because he is a minor.	The agency said it would not release the name of the 17-year-old, as he's a minor.	1
The agency said it would not release the name of the 17-year-old involved because he is a minor.	The agency said it would not release the name of the 17-year-old because he is a minor.	1
The agency said it would not release the name of the 17-year-old involved because he is a minor.	The agency said it would not divulge the name of the 17-year-old involved because he is a minor.	1
The agency said it would not release the name of the 17-year-old involved because he is a minor.	The agency did not release the name of the 17-year-old involved because he is a minor.	1
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.	He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his visit to the region.	1
After the shooting, Hoffine fled to the nearby home of a friend, and allowed her and her daughter to leave.	After the shooting, Hoffine fled to the nearby home of a friend, and allowed her daughter to leave.	1
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.	He also gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.	1
Merrill neither admitted to nor denied wrongdoing in the accord.	Merrill doesn't admitted or deny wrongdoing in the agreement.	1
Merrill neither admitted to nor denied wrongdoing in the accord.	Merrill neither admitted nor denied wrongdoing in the accord.	1
Merrill neither admitted to nor denied wrongdoing in the accord.	Merrill has not admitted to or denied wrongdoing in the agreements.	1
Merrill neither admitted to nor denied wrongdoing in the accord.	Merrill didn't admit to or deny wrongdoing in the accord.	1
Mr. Marshall demonstrated a preference for results over rhetoric in preparing the Civil Rights Act.	In preparing the Civil Rights Act, Mr. Marshall demonstrated a preference for results over rhetoric.	1
The FTC judge is set to render a decision on Dec. 18, which is viewed as the final chapter of a long-standing legal saga that's dragged on for years.	The FTC judge is set to render a decision on Dec. 18, which is viewed as the final chapter in a long-standing legal saga that's dragged on for years.	1
The FTC judge is set to render a decision on Dec. 18, which is viewed as the final chapter of a long-standing legal saga that's dragged on for years.	The FTC judge is set to render a decision on Dec. 18 which is viewed as the final chapter of a long-standing legal saga that's dragged on for years.	1
The FTC judge is set to render a decision on Dec. 18, which is viewed as the final chapter of a long-standing legal saga that's dragged on for years.	The FTC judge will render a decision on Dec. 18, which is viewed as the final chapter of a long-standing legal saga that's dragged on for years.	1
The FTC judge is set to render a decision on Dec. 18, which is viewed as the final chapter of a long-standing legal saga that's dragged on for years.	The FTC judge is set to render a decision on Dec. 18, which is viewed as the final chapter of a long-standing legal saga that has dragged on for years.	1
The FTC judge is set to render a decision on Dec. 18, which is viewed as the final chapter of a long-standing legal saga that's dragged on for years.	If the FTC judge is set to render a decision on Dec. 18, it is viewed as the final chapter of a long-standing legal saga that's dragged on for years.	1
The lawmakers were departing Wednesday and expected to arrive in Pyongyang on Friday.	The lawmakers were departing on Wednesday and expected to arrive in Pyongyang on Friday.	1
Authorities said the bodies of a man and woman were recovered on Friday from a camping ground in nearby Devore, where a wall of mud destroyed 32 caravans.	Authorities said the bodies of a man and a woman were recovered on Friday from a camping ground in nearby Devore, where a wall of mud destroyed 32 caravans.	1
Authorities said the bodies of a man and woman were recovered on Friday from a camping ground in nearby Devore, where a wall of mud destroyed 32 caravans.	On Friday, authorities said the bodies of a man and woman were recovered from a camping ground in nearby Devore, where a wall of mud destroyed 32 caravans.	1
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.	Democrats hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.	1
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.	The Democrats currently have a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.	1
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.	The Democratic Party currently holds a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.	1
He said that most of the 250 persons living near the disaster site were asleep when the cloudburst took place late on Thursday evening.	In his comments, he said that the most of the 250 persons living near the disaster site were asleep when the cloudburst took place late on Thursday evening.	1
He said that most of the 250 persons living near the disaster site were asleep when the cloudburst took place late on Thursday evening.	Most of the 250 persons living near the disaster site were asleep when the cloudburst took place late on Thursday evening.	1
He said that most of the 250 persons living near the disaster site were asleep when the cloudburst took place late on Thursday evening.	When the cloudburst happened on Thursday evening, he said most of the 250 persons living near the disaster site were asleep when the cloudburst took place late on Thursday evening.	1
He said that most of the 250 persons living near the disaster site were asleep when the cloudburst took place late on Thursday evening.	He said most of the 250 persons living near the disaster site were asleep when the cloudburst took place late on Thursday evening.	1
He said that most of the 250 persons living near the disaster site were asleep when the cloudburst took place late on Thursday evening.	According to him, most of the 250 persons living near the disaster site were asleep when the cloudburst took place late on Thursday evening.	1
The awards are being announced today by the Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation.	The Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation announced the awards today.	1
According to the survey, last years identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses.	According to the survey, last year identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses.	1
According to the survey, last years identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses.	According to the survey, last years identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled almost $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses.	1
According to the survey, last years identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses.	According to the survey, last years identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $48 billion and consumers victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses.	1
According to the survey, last years identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses.	The survey estimates identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $48 billion last year and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses.	1
According to the survey, last years identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses.	In the last year identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses. According to the survey, last years identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses.	1
The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices.	Moreover, the company has also become synonymous with ethical business practices.	1
The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices.	The company has become synonymous with ethical business practices.	1
The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices.	It is the company which has become synonymous with ethical business practices.	1
The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices.	Company became synonymous with ethical business practices.	1
The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices.	Our company also became synonymous with ethical business practices.	1
The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices.	The company became synonymous with ethical business practices.	1
The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices.	As a company, the company also became synonymous with ethical business practices.	1
The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices.	Since then, the company has become synonymous with ethical business practices.	1
The company also became synonymous with ethical business practices.	The company has also become synonymous with ethical business practices.	1
Peterson, 27, was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in the days before Christmas.	Peterson, 27, was eight months pregnant when she disappeared days before Christmas.	1
At present, the FCC will not request personal identifying information prior to allowing access to the wireless network.	At present, the FCC will not request personally identifiable information prior to allowing access to the wireless network.	1
At present, the FCC will not request personal identifying information prior to allowing access to the wireless network.	At present, the FCC will not require personal identifying information prior to allowing access to the wireless network.	1
The US on Tuesday assembled a coalition of more than a dozen countries to launch a World Trade Organisation case against the European Union's ban on new genetically modified crops.	The US on Tuesday assembled a coalition of over a dozen countries to launch a World Trade Organisation case against the European Union's ban on new genetically modified crops.	1
The US on Tuesday assembled a coalition of more than a dozen countries to launch a World Trade Organisation case against the European Union's ban on new genetically modified crops.	The United States on Tuesday assembled a coalition of more than a dozen countries to launch a World Trade Organisation case against the EU's ban on new genetically modified crops.	1
The US on Tuesday assembled a coalition of more than a dozen countries to launch a World Trade Organisation case against the European Union's ban on new genetically modified crops.	The US on Tuesday assembled a coalition of more than a dozen countries to launch a World Trade Organization case against the European Union's ban on new genetically modified crops.	1
Kerr, who won three championships with the Chicago Bulls in the 90's and one with the Spurs in 1999, finished with 12 points, 3 assists and 2 rebounds.	He won three championships with the Chicago Bulls in the 90's and one with the Spurs in 1999, and finished with 12 points, 3 assists and 2 rebounds.	1
"If the other rating agencies also downgrade us..	If other ratings agencies downgrade US..	1
Another million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.	More than 2 million barrels, bought by Spanish refiner Cepsa SA, was to be loaded onto a Spanish tanker, the Sandra Tapias.	1
Lloyds TSB confirmed on Tuesday it was "considering its options" over the sale of its National Bank of New Zealand subsidiary.	Lloyds TSB confirmed on Tuesday that it was "considering its options" over the sale of its National Bank of New Zealand subsidiary.	1
Most economists had expected a more dire report, with many anticipating the fifth month of job losses in six months.	But many economists had expected a more dire report, with many anticipating the fifth month of job losses in six months.	1
Most economists had expected a more dire report, with many anticipating the fifth month of job losses in six months.	Most economists had expected a more dire report, with many anticipating the fifth month of job loss in six months.	1
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.	The readings for August and July are the best since the survey began in August 1997.	1
Former U.S. Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died this afternoon in his home after a long battle with bladder cancer.	Former U.S. Rep. Frank McCloskey, 64, died this afternoon at his home after a long battle with bladder cancer.	1
Instead, bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.	Bond bulls argue that the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.	1
Instead, bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.	Instead of bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.	1
Instead, bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.	Instead, bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has not done anything to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the media.	1
Instead, bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.	Bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the media.	1
Instead, bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.	Instead, bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the media.	1
Instead, bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.	Instead of Bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.	1
Instead, bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.	Bond bulls focused on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.	1
Instead, bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.	Bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.	1
Instead, bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.	Instead, bond bulls focus on the fact that the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.	1
Instead, bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.	Bond bulls focus on the fact that the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.	1
He also drove in a run on a groundout against Franklin in the fifth.	And he drove in a run on a groundout against Franklin in the fifth.	1
In a series of raids, Moroccan police arrested 33 suspects on Saturday, including some linked to the radical Djihad Salafist group, a senior official said.	In a series of raids, Moroccan police arrested 33 suspects on Saturday, including some linked to the radical Djihad-Salafist group, a senior official said.	1
Allied forces have overthrown the government, moved into Saddam Hussein's palaces and started to patrol the streets of the capital.	Allies has overthrown the government, moved into Saddam Hussein's palaces and started to patrol the streets of the capital.	1
Allied forces have overthrown the government, moved into Saddam Hussein's palaces and started to patrol the streets of the capital.	The Allied forces have overthrown the government, moved into Saddam Hussein's palaces and started to patrol the streets of the capital.	1
They went into the operations of their own free will," their father Dadollah Bijani said.	"They went into the operations of their own free will," their father Dadollah Bijani said.	1
They went into the operations of their own free will," their father Dadollah Bijani said.	"They went into the operations of their own free will", their father Dadollah Bijani said.	1
The yield on the 3 5/8 percent February 2013 note dropped 2 basis points to 3.66 percent.	The yield of the 3 5/8 percent February 2013 note dropped 2 basis points to 3.66 percent.	1
"Imagine that in someone's fucking brain," Klebold said.	"Imagine this in someone's fucking brain," Klebold said.	1
"Imagine that in someone's fucking brain," Klebold said.	"Imagine that in somebody's fucking brain," Klebold said.	1
"Imagine that in someone's fucking brain," Klebold said.	Imagine that in someone's fucking brain, Klebold said.	1
"Imagine that in someone's fucking brain," Klebold said.	Imagine that in someone's fucking brain," Klebold said.	1
"Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish," he said.	About 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not advertise in Spanish, he said.	1
"Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish," he said.	"Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish," said he said.	1
"Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish," he said.	"Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish", he said.	1
"Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish," he said.	"Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish" he said.	1
"Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish," he said.	“Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish", he said.	1
"Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish," he said.	Approximately 60% of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish, he said.	1
"Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish," he said.	He said Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish.	1
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.	Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on TV.	1
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.	Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from East Java only on TV.	1
As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.	Then as part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.	1
As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.	As part of the extradition of the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.	1
As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.	As part of the deal to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.	1
As part of the agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.	As part of the extradition agreement to extradite the two best friends from Canada, prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty.	1
MySQL AB on Tuesday announced that it had ported its open-source database to the HP-UX operating system on the 64-bit Intel Itanium 2 processor.	MySQL AB announced on Tuesday that it had ported its open-source database to the HP-UX operating system on the 64-bit Intel Itanium 2 processor.	1
MySQL AB on Tuesday announced that it had ported its open-source database to the HP-UX operating system on the 64-bit Intel Itanium 2 processor.	On Tuesday, MySQL AB announced that it had ported its open source database to the HP-UX operating system on the 64-bit Intel Itanium 2 processor.	1
MySQL AB on Tuesday announced that it had ported its open-source database to the HP-UX operating system on the 64-bit Intel Itanium 2 processor.	MySQL AB on Tuesday announced that it had ported its open source database to the HP-UX operating system on the 64-bit Intel Itanium 2 processor.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC edged up 2.84 points, or 0.18 percent, at 1,593.59.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC edged up 2.84 points, or 0.18 percent, at 1,593.59.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC edged up 2.84 points, or 0.18 percent, at 1,593.59.	IXIC, the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index edged up 2.84 points, or 0.18 percent, at 1,593.59.	1
"The question that has to be penetrated is, how did 38 visits over 2 years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation?"	The question that has to be penetrated is, how did 38 visits over 2 years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation?	1
"The question that has to be penetrated is, how did 38 visits over 2 years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation?"	"The question that must be penetrated is, how did 38 visits over 2 years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation?"	1
The S3C2440 CPU supports major operating systems including Microsoft Windows CE/Pocket PC, Palm OS, Symbian, and Linux.	The S3C2440 CPU supports most operating systems including Microsoft Windows CE/Pocket PC, Palm OS, Symbian, and Linux.	1
The S3C2440 CPU supports major operating systems including Microsoft Windows CE/Pocket PC, Palm OS, Symbian, and Linux.	The S3C2440 processor supports major operating systems including Microsoft Windows CE/Pocket PC, Palm OS, Symbian, Linux.	1
The transaction will expand the revenue from Callebaut's consumer products business to 45 percent of total sales from 23 percent.	Transaction will expand the revenue from Callebaut's consumer products business to 45 percent of total sales from 23 percent.	1
Meanwhile, law enforcement officials in Palm Beach County, Fla., where Limbaugh owns a $24 million mansion, said his drug use is under investigation.	While law enforcement officials in Palm Beach County, Fla., where Limbaugh owns a $24 million mansion, said his drug use is under investigation.	1
Meanwhile, law enforcement officials in Palm Beach County, Fla., where Limbaugh owns a $24 million mansion, said his drug use is under investigation.	In Palm Beach County, Fla., where Limbaugh owns a $24 million mansion, law enforcement officials say his drug use is under investigation.	1
Meanwhile, law enforcement officials in Palm Beach County, Fla., where Limbaugh owns a $24 million mansion, said his drug use is under investigation.	In Palm Beach County, Florida, where Limbaugh owns a $24 million mansion, police say his drug use is under investigation.	1
State unemployment last month stood at 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.	State unemployment stood at 6,4 percent last month, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.	1
State unemployment last month stood at 6.4 percent, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.	State unemployment stood at 6.4 percent last month, down from a revised 6.7 percent in August.	1
The three chains have replaced most of the 70,000 striking workers with temporary employees to keep their stores open.	The three chains have replaced most of the 70,000 strike workers with temporary employees to keep their stores open.	1
The three chains have replaced most of the 70,000 striking workers with temporary employees to keep their stores open.	Three chains have replaced most of the 70,000 striking workers with temporary employees to keep their stores open.	1
Government workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower frantically dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled staircases and hallways, officials said.	Government workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower frantically dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled stairs and hallways, officials said.	1
Because of the distance between the two chambers, the eventual conference between House and Senate tax writers promises to be intense and possibly rocky.	Due to the distance between the two chambers, the eventual conference between House and Senate tax writers promises to be intense and possibly rocky.	1
Because of the distance between the two chambers, the eventual conference between House and Senate tax writers promises to be intense and possibly rocky.	With the distance between the two chambers, the eventual conference between House and Senate tax writers promises to be intense and possibly rocky.	1
Because of the distance between the two chambers, the eventual conference between House and Senate tax writers promises to be intense and possibly rocky.	With the distance between the chambers, the eventual conference between House and Senate tax writers promises to be intense and possibly rocky.	1
Their groundbreaking contributions commercialize technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development."	Through their groundbreaking contributions, develop and commercialize technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development."	1
Their groundbreaking contributions commercialize technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development."	Known for their innovative contributions, their contributions commercialize technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development.	1
Their groundbreaking contributions commercialize technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development."	"His groundbreaking contributions commercialize technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development."	1
Their groundbreaking contributions commercialize technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development."	They have made a groundbreaking contribution commercialize technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development."	1
Their groundbreaking contributions commercialize technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development."	Their groundbreaking contributions commercialize technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development.	1
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.	Software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.	1
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.	But software license revenue, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.	1
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.	Software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million. -	1
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.	However, software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.	1
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.	But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, fell 21 percent to $107.6 million.	1
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.	And software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.	1
The dividend, the company's second this calendar year, is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 17.	The dividend, the company's second in calendar year, is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 17.	1
The dividend, the company's second this calendar year, is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 17.	Earnings: Dividend, the company's second in calendar year, payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 17.	1
Already suffering with the nation's worst credit rating, the state is operating for the first time completely on borrowed money.	Already suffering with the nation's worst credit rating, the state is operating for the first time entirely on borrowed money.	1
Already suffering with the nation's worst credit rating, the state is operating for the first time completely on borrowed money.	Already suffering with the nation's worst credit rating, the state is operating for the first time totally on borrowed money.	1
Testing of the swimsuit at a state police lab and at a private lab in Virginia had not yet been able determine whether it belonged to Bish, Conte said.	Testing of the swimsuit at a state police lab and at a private lab in Virginia had not yet been able to determine whether it belonged to Bish, Conte said.	1
Under the final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.	Under final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains will be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.	1
Under the final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.	Under the final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains will be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.	1
Under the final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.	Under the final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent till the end of 2008.	1
Under the final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.	Under final bill, most dividends and capital gains will be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.	1
Under the final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.	With the latest tax bill, most dividends and capital gains will be taxed at 15 per cent till the end of 2008.	1
Under the final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.	Under the final bill, most dividends and capital gains will be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.	1
Under the final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.	If the final bill is passed, most dividends and capital gains will be taxed at 15 per cent till the end of 2008.	1
Under the final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.	Under the final bill, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.	1
Under the final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.	Under the final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains will be taxed at 15 per cent till the end of 2008.	1
Under the final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.	In the final bill, most dividends and capital gains will be taxed at 15 per cent till the end of 2008.	1
Under the final tax bill, most dividends and capital gains would be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.	If the final bill is passed, most dividends and capital gains will be taxed at 15 per cent until the end of 2008.	1
A grassy field and asphalt island, topped with an ATM, sit where Orville Wright once developed a split airplane wing, tinkered with cars and even built toys.	A grassy field and asphalt island, topped with an ATM, sit where Orville Wright once developed a split airplane wing, tinkered with cars and built toys.	1
A grassy field and asphalt island, topped with an ATM, sit where Orville Wright once developed a split airplane wing, tinkered with cars and even built toys.	A grassy field and asphalt island, topped with an ATM, sit where Orville Wright once developed a split airplane wings, tinkered with cars and even built toys.	1
Shares of GE were slipping 17 cents, or 0.6%, to $28.02 in Instinet premarket trading.	GE shares were slipping 17 cents, or 0.6%, to $28.02 in Instinet premarket trading.	1
Shares of GE were slipping 17 cents, or 0.6%, to $28.02 in Instinet premarket trading.	In Instinet premarket trading, shares of GE were trading at a low of 17 cents, or 0.6%, to $28.02.	1
Shares of GE were slipping 17 cents, or 0.6%, to $28.02 in Instinet premarket trading.	GE shares were dropping 17 cents, or 0.6%, to $28.02 in Instinet premarket trading.	1
King, brand-name writer, master of the horror story and e-book pioneer, is receiving this year's medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters.	King, brand name writer, master of the horror story and e-book pioneer, is receiving this year's medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters.	1
King, brand-name writer, master of the horror story and e-book pioneer, is receiving this year's medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters.	King, brand-name writer, master of the horror story, and e-book pioneer, is receiving this year's Medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters.	1
The presiding bishop of the Episcopal Church, Frank T. Griswold III, declined, through a spokesman, to comment on the development Saturday.	The presiding Bishop of the Episcopal Church, Frank T. Griswold III, declined, through a spokesman, to comment on the development on Saturday.	1
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.	IAC stock closed yesterday down $2.81 or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.	1
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.	IAC's shares closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.	1
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.	IAC closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.	1
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.	IAC shares closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.	1
IAC's stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.	IAC stock closed yesterday down $2.81, or 7.6 percent, at $34.19.	1
Memories also live on of the bloody debacle in Somalia 10 years ago -- the last major US military involvement in Africa.	History also live on of the deadly debacle in Somalia 10 years ago -- the last major US military involvement in Africa.	1
He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted.	If convicted, he faces up to ten years in prison and a $250,000 fine.	1
He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted.	If convicted, he faces 10 years in prison. If convicted, he faces a $250,000 fine.	1
He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted.	If convicted, the man faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.	1
He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted.	If convicted, he faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.	1
He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted.	If convicted, the man faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if he is convicted.	1
He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted.	If convicted, he faces 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.	1
He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted.	If found guilty, he faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.	1
He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted.	If convicted, he faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted.	1
At 5 p.m. EDT, Henri had maximum sustained winds near 50 mph, with some gusts reaching 60 mph.	At 5 p.m. EDT, Henri had maximum sustained winds near 50 mph with some gusts reaching 60 mph.	1
At 5 p.m. EDT, Henri had maximum sustained winds near 50 mph, with some gusts reaching 60 mph.	At 5 p.m. EDT, Henri had maximum sustained winds around 50 mph, with some gusts reaching 60 mph.	1
At 5 p.m. EDT, Henri had maximum sustained winds near 50 mph, with some gusts reaching 60 mph.	As of 5 p.m. EDT, Henri had maximum sustained winds near 50 mph, with some gusts reaching 60 mph.	1
"It's a huge black eye," said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.	"It's a huge black eye," said Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., who has controlled the paper since 1896.	1
The industry is working with the FDA "to get firm answers and not just speculation," he told Reuters Health.	The industry is working with the FDA "to get firm answers and not just speculation" he told Reuters Health.	1
The industry is working with the FDA "to get firm answers and not just speculation," he told Reuters Health.	Industry is working with FDA "to get firm answers and not just speculation," he told Reuters Health.	1
It would have been the first time in Texas history that the comptroller had not certified the budget.	It would be the first time in Texas history that the comptroller had not certified the budget.	1
It would have been the first time in Texas history that the comptroller had not certified the budget.	This would be the first time in Texas history the comptroller had not certified the budget.	1
Sales at Ford fell 0.1 percent while sales at DaimlerChrysler rose 7 percent.	Sales of Ford fell 0.1 percent while sales of Daimler rose 7 percent.	1
Sales at Ford fell 0.1 percent while sales at DaimlerChrysler rose 7 percent.	Sales at Ford fell 0.1 percent while sales at Daimler increased 7.5 percent.	1
The rate of survival without serious brain damage is about 10 per cent, said Dr Leo Bossaert, executive director of the European Resuscitation Council.	The rate of survival without serious brain damage is about 10 per cent, says Dr Leo Bossaert, executive director of the European Resuscitation Council.	1
The rate of survival without serious brain damage is about 10 per cent, said Dr Leo Bossaert, executive director of the European Resuscitation Council.	The rate of survival without serious brain damage is about 10%, said Dr Leo Bossaert, executive director of the European Resuscitation Council.	1
The steel tariffs, which the U.S. president imposed in March 2002, will officially end at midnight, instead of March 2005 as initially planned.	The steel tariffs, which the U.S. president imposed in March 2002, will officially end at midnight instead of March 2005 as initially planned.	1
The steel tariffs, which the U.S. president imposed in March 2002, will officially end at midnight, instead of March 2005 as initially planned.	The tariff on steel, which the U.S. president imposed in March 2002, will officially end at midnight instead of March 2005 as originally planned.	1
The steel tariffs, which the U.S. president imposed in March 2002, will officially end at midnight, instead of March 2005 as initially planned.	The steel tariffs, which the US president imposed in March 2002, will officially end at midnight instead of March 2005 as originally planned.	1
Russian and Saudi officials on Monday signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas sector.	Russia and Saudi officials signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas sector on Monday.	1
Russian and Saudi officials on Monday signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas sector.	Russian and Saudi officials signed five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas sector on Monday.	1
Russian and Saudi officials on Monday signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas sector.	Russia and Saudi officials on Monday signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas sector.	1
Russian and Saudi officials on Monday signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas sector.	On Monday, Russian and Saudi officials signed a five-year cooperation agreement in the oil and gas sector.	1
A judge stayed an injunction against RIM that would have prevented it from selling the Blackberry device and services in the United States.	A judge stayed an injunction against RIM that would have prevented it from selling blackberry device and services in the United States.	1
A judge stayed an injunction against RIM that would have prevented it from selling the Blackberry device and services in the United States.	In the U.S. a judge stayed an injunction against RIM that would have prevented it from selling the Blackberry device and services in the United States.	1
A judge stayed an injunction against RIM that would have prevented it from selling the Blackberry device and services in the United States.	A judge stayed an injunction against RIM that would have prevented it from selling Blackberry devices and services in the United States.	1
A judge stayed an injunction against RIM that would have prevented it from selling the Blackberry device and services in the United States.	A judge stayed an injunction against RIM that would have prevented it from selling Blackberry device and services in the United States.	1
A judge stayed an injunction against RIM that would have prevented it from selling the Blackberry device and services in the United States.	In an injunction against RIM, a judge stayed an injunction against RIM that would have prevented it from selling the Blackberry device and services in the United States.	1
This is just the latest movement in a continuing trend towards open source support of business applications.	This is just the latest move in the trend towards open source support of business applications.	1
This is just the latest movement in a continuing trend towards open source support of business applications.	This is the latest move in a continuing trend towards open source support of business applications.	1
Dusenbery's fiancee, Jessica Wheat, said he was considering settling down in Fort Campbell and making the Army his career.	Jessica Wheat, Dusenbery's fiancee, said he was considering settling down in Fort Campbell and making the Army his career.	1
Dusenbery's fiancee, Jessica Wheat, said he was considering settling down in Fort Campbell and making the Army his career.	Jessica Wheat, Dusenbery's fiancee, said he was considering settling down in Fort Campbell and making the army his career.	1
Jack Ferry, company spokesman, said that a search is in progress but would not comment on its status.	Jack Ferry, a company spokesman, said that a search is in progress but would not comment on its status.	1
Jack Ferry, company spokesman, said that a search is in progress but would not comment on its status.	Jack Ferry, company spokesman, said that a search was in progress but would not comment on its status.	1
Jack Ferry, company spokesman, said that a search is in progress but would not comment on its status.	Jack Ferry, spokesman for the company, said that search is ongoing but would not comment on its status.	1
Jack Ferry, company spokesman, said that a search is in progress but would not comment on its status.	Jack Ferry, the company's spokesman, said that a search is in progress but would not comment on its status.	1
Three Federal Reserve speakers and the Fed's anecdotal summary of U.S. economic conditions could help firm expectations.	Three Fed speakers and the Fed's anecdotal summary of U.S. economic conditions could help firm expectations.	1
The U.N. Office of the Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq last week reported that cases of diarrhea have tripled in Baghdad.	The U.N. Office of the Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq reported last week that cases of diarrhea have tripled in Baghdad.	1
The U.N. Office of the Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq last week reported that cases of diarrhea have tripled in Baghdad.	As of last week, the U.N. office of the humanitarian coordinator for Iraq reported that diarrhea has tripled in Baghdad.	1
The U.N. Office of the Humanitarian Coordinator for Iraq last week reported that cases of diarrhea have tripled in Baghdad.	Last week the U.N. office of the humanitarian coordinator for Iraq reported that cases of diarrhea have tripled in Baghdad.	1
Billy Hodge, 11, is engrossed with the Harry Potter series books.	Billy Hodge, 11, is intrigued by the Harry Potter series.	1
Billy Hodge, 11, is engrossed with the Harry Potter series books.	Billy Hodge, 11, is obsessed with the Harry Potter books.	1
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".	Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of air travel was in the hands of the negotiators.	1
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".	Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was in the hands of the negotiators.	1
Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was "in the hands of the negotiators".	Mr Eddington warned yesterday that the future of the airline was in the hands of the negotiators.	1
Selling it symbolically writes a finish to that chapter in the administration of our city schools."	Selling it symbolically writes a finish to that chapter in the administration of our city schools. "	1
Selling it symbolically writes a finish to that chapter in the administration of our city schools."	Selling it symbolizes a finish to that chapter in the administration of our city schools."	1
The SIA said chip sales were expect to rise 16.8 percent to $180.9bn next year, followed by a 5.8 in 2005.	The SIA said chip sales were expected to rise 16.8 percent to $180.9bn next year, followed by a 5.8 in 2005.	1
The SIA said chip sales were expect to rise 16.8 percent to $180.9bn next year, followed by a 5.8 in 2005.	The SIA said chip sales were expect to increase 16.8 percent to $180.9bn in 2019 followed by a 5.8 in 2005.	1
The SIA said chip sales were expect to rise 16.8 percent to $180.9bn next year, followed by a 5.8 in 2005.	In terms of chip sales, the SIA said chip sales were expect to increase 16.8 percent to $180.9bn next year, followed by a 5.8 in 2005.	1
The SIA said chip sales were expect to rise 16.8 percent to $180.9bn next year, followed by a 5.8 in 2005.	A report released by the SIA said chip sales were expect to increase 16.8 percent to $180.9bn next year, followed by a 5.8 in 2005.	1
The SIA said chip sales were expect to rise 16.8 percent to $180.9bn next year, followed by a 5.8 in 2005.	SIA said chip sales were expect to increase 16.8 percent to $180.9bn next year, followed by a 5.8 in 2005.	1
The SIA said chip sales were expect to rise 16.8 percent to $180.9bn next year, followed by a 5.8 in 2005.	The SIA said chip sales were expect to increase 16.8 percent to $180.9bn next year, followed by a 5.8 in 2005.	1
Peterson has been charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and son.	Peterson is charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and son.	1
Peterson has been charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and son.	Peterson is facing two counts of murder in the deaths of his wife and son.	1
U.S. stocks fell, led by computer-related shares, after network-equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. said sales will be unchanged this quarter.	The U.S. stocks fell, led by computer-related shares, after network-equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. said sales will be unchanged this quarter.	1
Mr. Dewhurst has called for a "cooling period" between special sessions, which could give the Democrats some time at home.	Mr. Dewhurst has called for a "cooling period" between special session, which could give the Democrats some time at home.	1
Mr. Dewhurst has called for a "cooling period" between special sessions, which could give the Democrats some time at home.	Mr. Dewhurst has called for a cooling period between special sessions, which could give the Democrats some time at home.	1
Mr. Dewhurst has called for a "cooling period" between special sessions, which could give the Democrats some time at home.	Mr. Dewhurst has called for a "cooling period" between special sessions, which could give the Democrats some time to come home.	1
Mr. Dewhurst has called for a "cooling period" between special sessions, which could give the Democrats some time at home.	Dewhurst has called for a cooling period between special sessions, which could give the Democrats some time at home.	1
Mr. Dewhurst has called for a "cooling period" between special sessions, which could give the Democrats some time at home.	In the past, Mr. Dewhurst has called for a "cooling period" between special sessions, which could give the Democrats some time at home.	1
Mr. Weingarten said that he expected Mr. Ebbers, who turned 62 yesterday, to be fully exonerated at trial.	Mr. Weingarten said he expected Mr. Ebbers, who turned 62 yesterday, to be fully exonerated at trial.	1
The four fund companies named by Spitzer each said they're cooperating with his investigation.	The four fund companies named by Spitzer each said they were cooperating with his investigation....	1
The four fund companies named by Spitzer each said they're cooperating with his investigation.	The four fund companies named by Spitzer each said they are cooperating with his investigation.	1
The four fund companies named by Spitzer each said they're cooperating with his investigation.	Each of the four fund companies named by Spitzer said they're cooperating with his investigation.	1
The four fund companies named by Spitzer each said they're cooperating with his investigation.	The four funds named by Spitzer each said they are cooperating with his investigation.	1
The four fund companies named by Spitzer each said they're cooperating with his investigation.	Each of the four fund companies named by Spitzer have said they're cooperating with his investigation.	1
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	Artists are worried that the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	1
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help the most, performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	1
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help the most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	1
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	Artists are concerned the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	1
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	The artist are concerned the move would harm those who need help the most - performers who have a hard time lining up shows.	1
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	The Artists are worried that the plan would harm those who need help the most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	1
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	Artists are worried that the new plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	1
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	Artists are worried the new plans would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	1
At 10 p.m., Odette was centered about 295 miles south-southeast of Kingston, Jamaica, and was moving northeast near 8 mph.	At 10 p.m. Odette was centered about 295 miles south-southeast of Kingston, Jamaica, and was moving northeast near 8 mph.	1
AMC has since asked the experienced Fluor company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project, but the report is still two weeks away.	AMC has since asked the experienced Fluor company in the US to produce a detailed costing of the project, but the report is still two weeks away.	1
AMC has since asked the experienced Fluor company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project, but the report is still two weeks away.	AMC has asked the experienced Fluor company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project, but the report is still two weeks away.	1
AMC has since asked the experienced Fluor company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project, but the report is still two weeks away.	AMC has now asked the experienced Fluor company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project, but the report is still two weeks away.	1
AMC has since asked the experienced Fluor company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project, but the report is still two weeks away.	AMC has asked the experienced Fluor company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project but the report is still two weeks away.	1
AMC has since asked the experienced Fluor company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project, but the report is still two weeks away.	AMC has asked the experienced Fluor Company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project, but the report is still two weeks away.	1
AMC has since asked the experienced Fluor company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project, but the report is still two weeks away.	AMC has since asked the experienced Fluor company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project but the report is still two weeks away.	1
AMC has since asked the experienced Fluor company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project, but the report is still two weeks away.	AMC has asked the experienced Fluor Company of the US to produce a detailed costing of the project but the report is still two weeks away.	1
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	The researchers found just empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	1
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	The scientists found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	1
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	Where the tumors were found, researchers found just empty cavities and scar tissue.	1
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	Where tumors were found, the researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue.	1
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	Where tumors were found, the researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where they had been.	1
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	Where tumors had been found, the researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue. The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	1
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	Where the tumors had been, the researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	1
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	Where the tumors had been found, the researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue. They found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	1
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	Where the tumors had been found, the researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	1
The researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	Where tumors were found, the researchers found only empty cavities and scar tissue where the tumors had been.	1
The House has already approved the measure, and Congress twice sent similar legislation to President Clinton, who vetoed it.	The House have approved the measure, and Congress twice sent similar legislation to President Clinton, who vetoed it.	1
The House has already approved the measure, and Congress twice sent similar legislation to President Clinton, who vetoed it.	The House has already voted to get the measure passed and lawmakers have twice sent similar legislation to President Clinton, who vetoed it.	1
The House has already approved the measure, and Congress twice sent similar legislation to President Clinton, who vetoed it.	In the House, the bill has already been approved, and Congress twice sent similar legislation to President Clinton, who vetoed it.	1
Mr. Bush has credited the Dallas pastor with helping to inspire the idea of using federal dollars to fund faith-based programs.	Bush also credited the Dallas pastor for helping to inspire the idea of using federal funds to fund faith-based programs.	1
Mr. Bush has credited the Dallas pastor with helping to inspire the idea of using federal dollars to fund faith-based programs.	As such, Mr. Bush has credited Dallas pastor with helping to inspire the idea of using federal funds to fund faith-based programs.	1
Mr. Bush has credited the Dallas pastor with helping to inspire the idea of using federal dollars to fund faith-based programs.	Mr. Bush credited the Dallas pastor with helping to inspire the idea of using federal dollars to fund faith-based programs.	1
Mr. Bush has credited the Dallas pastor with helping to inspire the idea of using federal dollars to fund faith-based programs.	Bush has credited the Dallas pastor with helping to inspire the idea of using federal funds to fund faith-based programs.	1
Mr. Bush has credited the Dallas pastor with helping to inspire the idea of using federal dollars to fund faith-based programs.	Bush credited the Dallas pastor with helping to inspire the idea of using federal dollars to fund faith-based programs.	1
Attorney Patricia Anderson, who represents the Schindlers in the courtroom tug-of-war with their son-in-law, declined to comment on the case.	Patricia Anderson is the lawyer representing the Schindlers in the Courtroom tug-of-war with their son-in-law. She declined to comment on the case.	1
The court today reversed the decision of that court, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.	The court reversed today’s decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.	1
"High-tech scam artists who think they can hijack the Internet should think again," Ashcroft said.	"High-tech scam artists who think they can hijack the Internet should think again," said Ashcroft.	1
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	These systems usually combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	1
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	Those systems generally combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	1
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.	A passer-by found Ben hid along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.	1
A passer-by found Ben hiding along a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.	A passer-by found Ben hiding on a dirt road in Spanish Fork Canyon about 7 p.m., with his hands still taped together but his feet free.	1
Russia had closed checkpoints on parts of the border with China and Mongolia until June 4, Itar-Tass news agency said.	Russia had closed checkpoints on parts of the border with China and Mongolia until June 4, itar-Tass reported.	1
Russia had closed checkpoints on parts of the border with China and Mongolia until June 4, Itar-Tass news agency said.	Russia had closed border checkpoints on parts of the border with China and Mongolia until June 4, itar-tass news agency said.	1
Russia had closed checkpoints on parts of the border with China and Mongolia until June 4, Itar-Tass news agency said.	Russia closed checkpoints on parts of the border with China and Mongolia until June 4, itar-tass news agency said.	1
Russia had closed checkpoints on parts of the border with China and Mongolia until June 4, Itar-Tass news agency said.	Russia closed checkpoints on parts of the border with China and Mongolia until June 4, Itar-Tass news agency said.	1
Russia had closed checkpoints on parts of the border with China and Mongolia until June 4, Itar-Tass news agency said.	Russia had closed border checkpoints on parts of the border with China and Mongolia until June 4, Itar-Tass news agency said.	1
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.	Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement on Monday.	1
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.	Business Week Online Edition reported on Friday that worldcom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.	1
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.	Business Week Online Edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.	1
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."	In the end, the open-source guru insisted, "this attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."	1
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."	Nevertheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."	1
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."	The open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."	1
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."	Nonetheless, the open source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."	1
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."	In his words, the open-source guru insists, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."	1
The U.S. military on Dec. 2 began a large-scale sweep, dubbed Operation Avalanche, targeting the south and east of the country, where Taliban activity has been highest.	On December 2, the U.S. military began a large-scale sweep, dubbed Operation Avalanche, targeting the south and east of the country, where Taliban activity has been highest.	1
The U.S. military on Dec. 2 began a large-scale sweep, dubbed Operation Avalanche, targeting the south and east of the country, where Taliban activity has been highest.	As of Dec. 2, the U.S. military began a large-scale sweep, dubbed Operation Avalanche, targeting the south and east of the country, where Taliban activity has been highest.	1
The U.S. military on Dec. 2 began a large-scale sweep, dubbed Operation Avalanche, targeting the south and east of the country, where Taliban activity has been highest.	On Dec. 2, the U.S. military began a large-scale sweep, dubbed Operation Avalanche, targeting the south and east of the country, where Taliban activity has been highest.	1
The U.S. military on Dec. 2 began a large-scale sweep, dubbed Operation Avalanche, targeting the south and east of the country, where Taliban activity has been highest.	U.S. military on Dec. 2 began a large-scale sweep, dubbed Operation Avalanche, targeting the south and east of the country, where Taliban activity has been highest.	1
The U.S. military on Dec. 2 began a large-scale sweep, dubbed Operation Avalanche, targeting the south and east of the country, where Taliban activity has been highest.	On Dec. 2 the U.S. military began a large-scale sweep, dubbed Operation Avalanche, targeting the south and east of the country, where Taliban activity has been highest.	1
Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million.	Britz received $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation. Kinney earned $3.76 million.	1
Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million.	Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, while Kinney earned $3.76 million.	1
Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million.	Britz earned $3,77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3,76 million.	1
Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million.	Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million in salary.	1
Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million.	Britz earned $3.77 million in salary and other compensation, while Kinney earned $3.76 million in bonuses and other compensation.	1
Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million.	Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, while Kinney earned $3.76 million in salary.	1
Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million.	Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million in salary, bonuses and other compensation.	1
Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million.	Britz earned $3.77 million in salary, bonus and other compensation, and Kinney earned $3.76 million in compensation.	1
But the company said that its competitors simply were trying to hinder MCI's emergence from bankruptcy.	Or the company said that its competitors simply were trying to hinder MCI's emergence from bankruptcy.	1
But the company said that its competitors simply were trying to hinder MCI's emergence from bankruptcy.	The company said that its competitors simply were trying to hinder MCI's emergence from bankruptcy.	1
But the company said that its competitors simply were trying to hinder MCI's emergence from bankruptcy.	And the company said its competitors simply were trying to hinder MCI's emergence from bankruptcy.	1
As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.	Murphy wanted to replace Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.	1
As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.	Murphy sought to replace Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.	1
"This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage," said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.	"This move us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage," said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.	1
"This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage," said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.	"This move us a lot closer to saying that foam can do this kind of damage," said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.	1
"This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage," said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.	"This moves us a lot closer to saying that foam can do this kind of damage," said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.	1
"This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage," said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.	This moves us a lot closer to saying that the foam can do this kind of damage," said Hubbard, a member of the Columbia Accident Investigation Board.	1
Writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, Vincent’s team said all of the fresh water poured out of the 20 mile (30 km) long Disraeli Fjord.	When Vincent was writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, Vincent’s team said that all of the fresh water poured out of the 20 mile (30 km) long Disraeli fjord.	1
Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.	Instead, tickets for Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.	1
The quick conviction followed a 21/2-week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.	A quick conviction followed a 21/2-week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.	1
U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists do not require high-technology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.	U.S. officials say the Hussein loyalists do not require high-technology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.	1
U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists do not require high-technology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.	U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists do not require high-technology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information about the activities of American officials.	1
U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists do not require high-technology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.	U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists don't require high-technology eavesdropping devices to collect substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.	1
U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists do not require high-technology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.	U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists do not require high-tech eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.	1
U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists do not require high-technology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.	U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists do not require high-tech eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information about the activities of American officials.	1
U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists do not require high-technology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.	U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists don't require high-technology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.	1
U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists do not require high-technology eavesdropping devices to gather substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.	U.S. officials say Hussein loyalists do not require high-technology eavesdropping devices to collect substantial amounts of information on the activities of American officials.	1
Both figures were below consensus expectations, but August sales were revised to a 1.2 percent increase from a previously reported 0.6 percent gain, fueling a dollar rally.	Both figures were below consensus expectations but August sales were revised to a 1.2 percent increase from a previously reported 0.6 percent gain, fueling a dollar rally.	1
Both figures were below consensus expectations, but August sales were revised to a 1.2 percent increase from a previously reported 0.6 percent gain, fueling a dollar rally.	Both numbers were below consensus expectations, but August sales were revised to a 1.2 percent increase from a previously reported 0.6 percent gain, fueling a dollar rally.	1
Attorneys for the Roman Catholic archdiocese and nearly 250 alleged victims began meeting last week to reach an out-of-court settlement.	The Attorneys for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese and nearly 250 alleged victims began meeting last week to reach an out of court settlement.	1
Attorneys for the Roman Catholic archdiocese and nearly 250 alleged victims began meeting last week to reach an out-of-court settlement.	The attorneys for the Roman Catholic archdiocese and nearly 250 alleged victims began meeting last week to reach an out-of-court settlement.	1
Attorneys for the Roman Catholic archdiocese and nearly 250 alleged victims began meeting last week to reach an out-of-court settlement.	The attorneys for the Roman Catholic Archdiocese and nearly 250 alleged victims began meeting last week to reach an out-of-court settlement.	1
The two other passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries.	Two passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries.	1
The two other passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries.	Both passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries.	1
The two other passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries.	Both the other passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries.	1
The two other passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries.	Two other passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries.	1
The two other passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries.	The two passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries.	1
The two other passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries.	The other two passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries.	1
The two other passengers were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries.	The other passenger were taken to John Peter Smith and Harris Methodist Fort Worth hospitals with critical injuries.	1
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.	The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal funding.	1
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.	Under the new law, libraries and schools must use filters or lose federal funding.	1
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.	New law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal funding.	1
At first, the animals’ performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick.	At first, the animals’ performance declined compared to the sessions on joystick.	1
At first, the animals’ performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick.	At first, the animals’ performance declined compared to the sessions on joysticks.	1
At first, the animals’ performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick.	At first, the animals’ performance decline compared to the sessions on joystick.	1
At first, the animals’ performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick.	At first, the animals’ performance decline compared to the sessions on the joystick.	1
At first, the animals’ performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick.	At the very beginning, the animals' performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick.	1
At first, the animals’ performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick.	At first, the animals' performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick.	1
At first, the animals’ performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick.	At first, the animals' performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick. At first, the animals’ performance declined compared to the sessions on the joystick.	1
"The public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions," he said at a White House ceremony.	"The public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions," said him at a White House ceremony.	1
"The public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions," he said at a White House ceremony.	'The public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions' he said at a White House ceremony.	1
"The public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions," he said at a White House ceremony.	'The public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions', he said at a White House ceremony.	1
"The public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions," he said at a White House ceremony.	"The public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls and unwanted intrusions," he said at a White House ceremony.	1
"The public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions," he said at a White House ceremony.	"The public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions," he said at the White House ceremony.	1
"The public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions," he said at a White House ceremony.	The public is understandably losing patience with these unwanted phone calls, unwanted intrusions," he said at a White House ceremony.	1
Lucent's stock was off 7 cents, or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	Mr. Lucent's stock was down 7 cents, or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Lucent's stock was off 7 cents, or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	LUCENT's stock was down 7 cents, or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Lucent's stock was off 7 cents, or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	Lucent's stock fell from 11 cents to $1.84 in the morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Lucent's stock was off 7 cents, or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	Lucent's stock was down 7.7 cents, or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Lucent's stock was off 7 cents, or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	Lucent's stock was down 7 cents, or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Lucent's stock was off 7 cents, or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	Lucent stock was off 7 cents, or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Lucent's stock was off 7 cents, or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	Lucent's stock was down 7 cents or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
McBride dismissed Novell's Unix ownership claims as "a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community."	McBride dismissed Novell's claim that it owns Unix as "a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community."	1
McBride dismissed Novell's Unix ownership claims as "a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community."	McBride dismissed Novell's Unix ownership claim as "a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community."	1
McBride dismissed Novell's Unix ownership claims as "a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community."	McBride dismissed Novell's Unix ownership claims as "a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community".	1
McBride dismissed Novell's Unix ownership claims as "a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community."	McBride dismissed Novell's Unix ownership claims as "a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community"	1
McBride dismissed Novell's Unix ownership claims as "a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community."	McBride dismissed Novell's Unix ownership claim as "a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community".	1
Although they no longer get the glory, desktop PC exceeded IDC's shipment expectations in the second quarter, Kay said.	While desktop computers no longer get the glory, they exceeded IDC's shipment expectations in the second quarter, Kay said.	1
Although they no longer get the glory, desktop PC exceeded IDC's shipment expectations in the second quarter, Kay said.	Although desktop PCs no longer get the glory, desktop PC exceeded IDC's shipment expectations in the second quarter, Kay said.	1
"Clearly it is a tragic day for Americans," he said in Washington.	"It's a tragic day for us." He said in Washington.	1
"Clearly it is a tragic day for Americans," he said in Washington.	"Clearly it is a tragic day for Americans", he said in Washington.	1
In an editorial in the journal, two breast cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast creates a double-whammy that is "almost unique" in medicine.	In an editorial in the journal, two breast cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast create a double whammy that is "almost unique" in medicine.	1
In an editorial in the journal, two breast cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast creates a double-whammy that is "almost unique" in medicine.	In an editorial in the journal, two breast cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast creates a double whammy that is "almost unique" in medicine.	1
In an editorial in the journal, two breast cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast creates a double-whammy that is "almost unique" in medicine.	In an editorial in the journal, two breast cancer researchers said that hormones' effect on the breast creates a double-whammy that is "almost unique" in medicine.	1
In an editorial in the journal, two breast cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast creates a double-whammy that is "almost unique" in medicine.	In an editorial in the journal, two breast cancer researchers said hormones' effect on the breast create a double-whammy that is "almost unique" in medicine.	1
PC-related products were the strongest sellers, with microprocessors up 5.6 percent and DRAMs up 8.2 percent, the SIA said.	Computer related products are the strongest sellers, with microprocessors up 5.6 percent and DRAMs up 8.2 percent, the SIA said.	1
PC-related products were the strongest sellers, with microprocessors up 5.6 percent and DRAMs up 8.2 percent, the SIA said.	PC products were the strongest sellers, with microprocessors up 5.6 percent and DRAMs up 8.2 percent, the SIA said.	1
Last month, The Washington Post Co. introduced Express, a tabloid distributed largely along transit routes.	One month ago The Washington Post introduced Express, a tabloid distributed largely along transit routes.	1
Last month, The Washington Post Co. introduced Express, a tabloid distributed largely along transit routes.	Last month The Washington Post Co. launched Express, a tabloid distributed largely along transit routes.	1
After a tense stand-off, the battlewagon turned back.	After a tense standoff, the Battlewagon turned back.	1
After a tense stand-off, the battlewagon turned back.	After a prolonged standoff, the battlewagon turned back.	1
After a tense stand-off, the battlewagon turned back.	After a tough stand-off, the battlewagon was turned back.	1
After a tense stand-off, the battlewagon turned back.	After a tense standoff, the battlewagon turned around.	1
Ten, two mobile homes and numerous outbuildings were destroyed by the now-smoldering fire northwest of Boulder.	Ten, two mobile homes and numerous outbuildings were destroyed by the now smoldering fire northwest of Boulder.	1
Limbaugh's lawyer, Roy Black, has accused the Palm Beach State Attorney's Office of having political motives for investigating whether the conservative radio commentator bought painkillers illegally.	Roy Black, the lawyer for Rush Limbaugh, has accused the Palm Beach State Attorney's Office of having political motives for investigating whether the conservative radio commentator bought painkillers illegally.	1
Limbaugh's lawyer, Roy Black, has accused the Palm Beach State Attorney's Office of having political motives for investigating whether the conservative radio commentator bought painkillers illegally.	Roy Black, Limbaugh's lawyer, has accused the Palm Beach State Attorney's Office of having political motives for investigating whether the conservative radio commentator bought painkillers illegally.	1
The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bps (bits per second) within the next two years, a senior Cisco Systems Inc. executive said Wednesday.	In the next two years the top speed of Ethernet would reach 40G bps (bits per second) a senior Cisco Systems Inc. executive said Wednesday.	1
The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bps (bits per second) within the next two years, a senior Cisco Systems Inc. executive said Wednesday.	The top speed of Ethernet is expected to reach 40G bps (bits per second) within the next two years, a senior Cisco Systems Inc. executive said Wednesday.	1
The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bps (bits per second) within the next two years, a senior Cisco Systems Inc. executive said Wednesday.	The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bps within the next two years, a senior Cisco Systems Inc. executive said Wednesday.	1
The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bps (bits per second) within the next two years, a senior Cisco Systems Inc. executive said Wednesday.	Cisco Systems Inc.: The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bps (bits per second) within the next two years, a senior Cisco Systems Inc. executive said Wednesday.	1
He also wrote the state was right to execute a search warrant at the store.	He wrote the state was right to execute a search warrant at the store.	1
He also wrote the state was right to execute a search warrant at the store.	He also wrote that the state was right to execute a search warrant at the store.	1
He also wrote the state was right to execute a search warrant at the store.	So he wrote the state was right to execute a search warrant at the store.	1
He also wrote the state was right to execute a search warrant at the store.	Then he wrote that the state was right to execute a search warrant at the store.	1
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67," to extend the contest until 6 p.m. EDT Sunday.	Three vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67," to extend the contest until 6 p.m. EDT Sunday.	1
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67," to extend the contest until 6 p.m. EDT Sunday.	Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67," to extend the contest until 6 p.m. EST Sunday.	1
Three such vigilante-style attacks forced the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67," to extend the contest until 6 p.m. EDT Sunday.	After three such vigilante-style attacks, the hacker organizer, who identified himself only as "Eleonora67," had to extend the contest until 6 p.m. EDT Sunday.	1
Only one of the five buildings in the Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site.	Only one of the five buildings in Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site.	1
Only one of the five buildings in the Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site.	Only one of the five buildings in the Baghdad compound of the UN development program escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site.	1
Only one of the five buildings in the Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site.	Only one of the five buildings in the Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned, the UN said in its website.	1
Only one of the five buildings in the Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site.	Only one of the five buildings in the Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned, said the UN on its Web site.	1
Only one of the five buildings in the Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site.	One of the five buildings in Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site.	1
Only the Intel Corporation has a lower dividend yield.	Only Intel Corporation has a lower dividend yield.	1
Only the Intel Corporation has a lower dividend yield.	Only Intel has a lower dividend yield.	1
Shares of Ahold rose 12 cents, or 2.3 percent, to 5.35 euros in Amsterdam.	Shares of Ahold rose 12 cents (or 2.3 percent) to 5.35 euros in Amsterdam.	1
Shares of Ahold rose 12 cents, or 2.3 percent, to 5.35 euros in Amsterdam.	Shares of Ahold rose by 12 cents, or 2.3 percent, to 5.35 euros in Amsterdam.	1
Shares of Ahold rose 12 cents, or 2.3 percent, to 5.35 euros in Amsterdam.	Shares of Ahold rose 12 cents or 2.3 percent to 5.35 euros in Amsterdam.	1
Shares of Ahold rose 12 cents, or 2.3 percent, to 5.35 euros in Amsterdam.	Shares of Ahold rose 12 cents, or 2.3%, to 5.35 euros in Amsterdam.	1
Shares of Ahold rose 12 cents, or 2.3 percent, to 5.35 euros in Amsterdam.	Shares of Ahold rose 12 cents, or 2.3 percent, to 5.35 euros, in Amsterdam.	1
Shares of Ahold rose 12 cents, or 2.3 percent, to 5.35 euros in Amsterdam.	Shares of Ahold rose 12 cents to 5.35 euros, or 2.3 percent, in Amsterdam.	1
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.	Michelle Wie chip Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.	1
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.	Michelle Wie chipping Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.	1
Powell's rendition of the third conversation made it more incriminating, by saying an officer ordered that the area be "cleared out."	Powell's rendition of the third conversation made it more incriminating, by saying an officer ordered that the area be cleared out.	1
Powell's rendition of the third conversation made it more incriminating, by saying an officer ordered that the area be "cleared out."	Powell's rendition of the third conversation made it more incriminatory, by saying an officer ordered that the area be cleared out.	1
The euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.	Euro soared to US$1.1914 in Asian trading, before slipping back slightly to US$1.1895 as trading opened in Europe.	1
PBL's Channel Nine has been billed as Australia's most popular commercial station after it recently recorded 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings.	The PBL's Channel Nine has been billed as Australia's most popular commercial station after it recently recorded 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings.	1
PBL's Channel Nine has been billed as Australia's most popular commercial station after it recently recorded 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings.	Australian broadcaster PBL has billed channel nine as Australia's most popular commercial station after it recently recorded 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings.	1
PBL's Channel Nine has been billed as Australia's most popular commercial station after it recently recorded 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings.	Australia's most popular commercial television station is Channel Nine. PBL's channel nine was billed as Australia's most popular commercial television station after it recently recorded 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings.	1
PBL's Channel Nine has been billed as Australia's most popular commercial station after it recently recorded 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings.	PBL's Channel Nine is Australia's most popular commercial station after it recently recorded 26 consecutive weeks on top of the ratings.	1
It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted on BugTraq."	It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted on BugTraq"	1
It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted on BugTraq."	It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted on BugTraq. "...	1
It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted on BugTraq."	The machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted on BugTraq. "It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted on BugTraq.	1
It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted on BugTraq."	The machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted on BugTraq."	1
The money was taken at 4 a.m. on March 18, hours before the U.S. launched its first air strikes, the newspaper said.	The money was taken at 4 a.m. on March 18, hours before the United States launched its first air strikes, the newspaper said.	1
The money was taken at 4 a.m. on March 18, hours before the U.S. launched its first air strikes, the newspaper said.	The money was taken at 4 a.m. on March 18, hours before the U.S. launched its first air strikes, according to a newspaper.	1
The money was taken at 4 a.m. on March 18, hours before the U.S. launched its first air strikes, the newspaper said.	The money was taken at 4 a.m. on March 18, hours before the U.S. launched its first air strike, the newspaper said.	1
The money was taken at 4 a.m. on March 18, hours before the U.S. launched its first air strikes, the newspaper said.	Money was taken at 4 a.m. on March 18, hours before the U.S. launched its first air strike, according to a newspaper.	1
The money was taken at 4 a.m. on March 18, hours before the U.S. launched its first air strikes, the newspaper said.	The money was taken at 4 a.m. on March 18, hours before the U.S. launched its first air strikes, according to the newspaper.	1
The money was taken at 4 a.m. on March 18, hours before the U.S. launched its first air strikes, the newspaper said.	Money was taken at 4 a.m. on March 18, hours before the U.S. launched its first air strikes, the newspaper said.	1
"The company has always made, and continues to make, exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority," the statement said.	The company has always made, and continues to make, exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority."	1
"The company has always made, and continues to make, exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority," the statement said.	"The company has always made, and continues to make, exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority."	1
"The company has always made, and continues to make, exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority," the statement said.	The company has always made, and continues to make, exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority," the statement said.	1
"The company has always made, and continues to make, exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority," the statement said.	Company has always made, and continues to make, exceptional customer service and customer satisfaction a top priority," the statement said.	1
Nvidia shares lost 58 cents (U.S.) or 3.46 per cent to $16.20 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Nvidia shares lost 58 cents or 3.46 per cent to $16.20 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Nvidia shares lost 58 cents (U.S.) or 3.46 per cent to $16.20 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Nvidia shares fell 58 cents (U.S.) or 3.46 per cent to $16.20 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Nvidia shares lost 58 cents (U.S.) or 3.46 per cent to $16.20 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Nvidia shares dropped 58 cents (U.S.) or 3.46 per cent to $16.20 yesterday on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
Yang would dine on shredded pork with garlic and kung pao chicken washed down with Chinese tea, state media said.	Yang would dine on shredded pork and garlic and kung pao chicken washed down with Chinese tea, state media said.	1
Yang would dine on shredded pork with garlic and kung pao chicken washed down with Chinese tea, state media said.	Yang will dine on pork shredded and garlic and kung pao chicken washed down with Chinese tea, state media said.	1
Yang would dine on shredded pork with garlic and kung pao chicken washed down with Chinese tea, state media said.	Yang would dine on pork shredded with garlic and kung pao chicken washed down with Chinese tea, state media said.	1
Shares of Salix have rocketed 64 percent since Axcan made its first offer on April 10.	Shares of Salix have jumped 64 percent since Axcan made its first offer on April 10.	1
Shares of Salix have rocketed 64 percent since Axcan made its first offer on April 10.	Shares of Salix have rocketed 64 percent since Axcan made its first offer on April 10th.	1
The agencies warn that the "insulation can sift through cracks in the ceiling, around light fixtures or around ceiling fans."	The agencies warn that "insulation can sift through cracks in the ceiling, around light fixtures or around ceiling fans."	1
The agencies warn that the "insulation can sift through cracks in the ceiling, around light fixtures or around ceiling fans."	The agencies warn that the insulation "can sift through cracks in ceilings, around light fixtures or around ceiling fans."	1
The agencies warn that the "insulation can sift through cracks in the ceiling, around light fixtures or around ceiling fans."	The agencies warn that "insulation can sift through cracks in the ceiling, around lights or around ceiling fans."	1
The agencies warn that the "insulation can sift through cracks in the ceiling, around light fixtures or around ceiling fans."	The agencies warn that "insulation can sift through cracks in the ceiling, around light fixtures or around ceiling fans".	1
Mallard's friend, Clete Jackson, and his cousin, Herbert Tyrone Cleveland, pleaded guilty last year to dumping Biggs' body.	Last year, Mallard's friend, Clete Jackson, and his cousin, Herbert Tyrone Cleveland, pleaded guilty to dumping Biggs' body.	1
Mallard's friend, Clete Jackson, and his cousin, Herbert Tyrone Cleveland, pleaded guilty last year to dumping Biggs' body.	Michael Mallard's friend, Clete Jackson, and his cousin, Herbert Tyrone Cleveland, pleaded guilty last year to dumping Biggs' body.	1
"Oh, it's never fun to be No 4, especially if you've been No 1 before.	"Oh, it's never fun to be No 4, especially if you've been No 1 before."	1
"Oh, it's never fun to be No 4, especially if you've been No 1 before.	"Oh, it's never fun to be No 4, especially if you've been No 1 before"	1
"Oh, it's never fun to be No 4, especially if you've been No 1 before.	"Oh, it's never fun to be No 4 especially if you've been No 1 before."	1
"Oh, it's never fun to be No 4, especially if you've been No 1 before.	It's never fun to be No 4 especially if you've been No 1 before.	1
"Oh, it's never fun to be No 4, especially if you've been No 1 before.	"It's never fun being No 4, especially if you've been No 1 before. "	1
But Nelson claims he did it because he was drunk on beer, not because Rosenbaum was jewish.	Nelson claimed he was drunk on beer, not because Rosenbaum was jewish.	1
But Nelson claims he did it because he was drunk on beer, not because Rosenbaum was jewish.	Nelson says he did it because he was drunk on beer, not because Rosenbaum was Jewish.	1
But Nelson claims he did it because he was drunk on beer, not because Rosenbaum was jewish.	Nelson claims he did it because he was drunk on beer, not because Rosenbaum was jewish.	1
But Nelson claims he did it because he was drunk on beer, not because Rosenbaum was jewish.	Nelson says he did it because he was drunk on beer, not because Rosenbaum was jewish.	1
But Nelson claims he did it because he was drunk on beer, not because Rosenbaum was jewish.	Nelson claims he was drunk on beer. Not because Rosenbaum was jewish.	1
But Nelson claims he did it because he was drunk on beer, not because Rosenbaum was jewish.	But Nelson said he did it because he was drunk on beer and not because Rosenbaum was jewish.	1
But Nelson claims he did it because he was drunk on beer, not because Rosenbaum was jewish.	But Nelson says he did it because he was drunk on beer, not because Rosenbaum was Jewish.	1
But Nelson claims he did it because he was drunk on beer, not because Rosenbaum was jewish.	But Nelson says he did it because he was drunk on beer, not because Rosenbaum was jewish.	1
In the 1990's, the board found, budget cuts and trade-offs ate away at the shuttle program's safety margins.	In the 1990’s, the board found, budget cuts and trade-offs ate away at the shuttle program's safety margins.	1
In the 1990's, the board found, budget cuts and trade-offs ate away at the shuttle program's safety margins.	In the 1990's, the board found budget cuts and trade-offs ate away at the shuttle program's safety margins.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average.DJI jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829.	Is the blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average.DJI jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829.	Dow Jones Industrial Average.DJI rose 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829.	1
The 5,000 members have already pledged to relocate to the selected state, Free State Project organizers say.	5000 Free State Project members have already pledged to relocate to the selected state, Free State Project organizers say.	1
The 5,000 members have already pledged to relocate to the selected state, Free State Project organizers say.	5,000 members have already pledged to relocate to the selected state, Free State Project organizers say.	1
The 5,000 members have already pledged to relocate to the selected state, Free State Project organizers say.	Free State Project organizers say the 5,000 members have already pledged to relocate to the selected state.	1
The 5,000 members have already pledged to relocate to the selected state, Free State Project organizers say.	The 5000 members of the Free State Project have already pledged to relocate to the selected state, organizers say.	1
The 5,000 members have already pledged to relocate to the selected state, Free State Project organizers say.	5000 people have already pledged to relocate to the selected state, Free State Project organizers say.	1
By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.	By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9 331.77, having gained 201 points on Monday to its highest level since July 2002.	1
By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.	By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points on Monday to its highest level since July 2002.	1
By late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points Monday to its highest level since July 2002.	In the late afternoon, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 12.81, or 0.1 percent, at 9,331.77, having gained 201 points on Monday to its highest level since July 2002.	1
On Friday, every major exhibitor will donate time to play daily trailers on all screens in more than 5,000 U.S. theaters.	Each major exhibitor will donate time to play daily trailers on all screens in more than 5,000 U.S. theaters. On Friday, every major exhibitor will donate time to play daily trailers on all screens.	1
The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, the telephone and visitors.	The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, phone and visitors.	1
The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, the telephone and visitors.	The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, the telephone and visitors.	1
The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, the telephone and visitors.	The charges come after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, the telephone and visits.	1
The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, the telephone and visitors.	The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking to the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, the telephone and his visitors.	1
The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, the telephone and visitors.	The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking to the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, the telephone and visitors.	1
The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, the telephone and visitors.	The charges came after the federal government banned the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, the telephone and visitors.	1
The charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, the telephone and visitors.	When the charges came after the federal government prohibited the sheik from speaking with the media and imposed special measures restricting his access to mail, telephone and visitors.	1
"I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress," Mr. Powell said, referring to the killing of Abdullah Qawasmeh, a leading Hamas figure.	I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress," Mr. Powell said, referring to the killing of Abdullah Qawasmeh, a leading Hamas figure.	1
"I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress," Mr. Powell said, referring to the killing of Abdullah Qawasmeh, a leading Hamas figure.	"I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress," Mr. Powell said. He spoke of the killing of Abdullah Qawasmeh, a leading Hamas figure.	1
"I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress," Mr. Powell said, referring to the killing of Abdullah Qawasmeh, a leading Hamas figure.	I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress," Mr. Powell said. referring to the killing of Abdullah Qawasmeh, a leading Hamas figure.	1
"I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress," Mr. Powell said, referring to the killing of Abdullah Qawasmeh, a leading Hamas figure.	"I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress," said Mr. Powell, referring to the killing of Abdullah Qawasmeh, a leading Hamas figure.	1
"I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress," Mr. Powell said, referring to the killing of Abdullah Qawasmeh, a leading Hamas figure.	"I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress," Mr. Powell said referring to the killing of Abdullah Qawasmeh, a leading Hamas figure.	1
"I regret we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress," Mr. Powell said, referring to the killing of Abdullah Qawasmeh, a leading Hamas figure.	I regret that we had an incident that could be an impediment to progress," Mr. Powell said, referring to the killing of Abdullah Qawasmeh, a leading Hamas figure.	1
The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.	The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.	1
The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.	Does the Department's position threaten to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support to Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush?	1
French President Jacques Chirac was said to have demanded that a European company provide the engines.	French President Jacques Chirac demanded that a European company provide the engines.	1
French President Jacques Chirac was said to have demanded that a European company provide the engines.	French president Jacques Chirac said that he demanded that a European company provide the engines.	1
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets."	This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets.	1
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets."	"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets.	1
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company statement said.	"Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset", the company statement said.	1
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company statement said.	Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company said.	1
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company statement said.	Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chip. "The company statement said.	1
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company statement said.	Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset" the company statement said.	1
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company statement said.	Apple has worked with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset. "The company statement said.	1
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company statement said.	Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset", the company statement said.	1
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company statement said.	Apple has worked with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company statement said.	1
Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset," the company statement said.	Apple is working with Oxford Semiconductor and affected drive manufacturers to resolve this issue, which resides in the Oxford 922 chipset. "The company statement said.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 index edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	The Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	1
"His statement is that he possibly hit the gas instead of the brakes," Mr Butts said.	“His statement is that he possibly hit the gas instead of the brakes," Mr Butts said.	1
"His statement is that he possibly hit the gas instead of the brakes," Mr Butts said.	"His statement is that he possibly hit the gas instead of the brakes," Mr Butts said. "	1
"His statement is that he possibly hit the gas instead of the brakes," Mr Butts said.	"His statement is that he possibly hit the gas instead of the brakes", Mr Butts said.	1
Ten police officers were facing disciplinary action yesterday after they abandoned their night patrol to watch David Blaine.	10 police officers were facing disciplinary action yesterday after they abandoned their night patrol to watch David Blaine.	1
Whitey Bulger is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list alongside Osama bin Laden.	Whitey Bulger is on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list along with Osama bin Laden.	1
Whitey Bulger is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list alongside Osama bin Laden.	Whitey Bulger is on the Law Enforcement Agency's "Top 10 Most Wanted" list alongside Osama bin Laden.	1
Whitey Bulger is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list alongside Osama bin Laden.	Whitey Bulger is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list along with Osama bin Laden.	1
Whitey Bulger is now on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list alongside Osama bin Laden.	Whitey Bulger is on the law enforcement agency's "10 Most Wanted" list alongside Osama bin Laden.	1
Humphries, and his father William, were on the IU campus Wednesday afternoon and Thursday morning.	Hmphries, and his father William, were on the IU campus Wednesday afternoon and Thursday morning.	1
Humphries, and his father William, were on the IU campus Wednesday afternoon and Thursday morning.	William Humphries and his father William were on the IU campus Wednesday afternoon and Thursday morning.	1
Blue chips edged lower by midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.	Blue chips edged lower at midday on Wednesday as a wave of profit warnings drained some of the optimism that has driven a rally over the past three months.	1
"They did not read footnotes in a 90-page document," said the official, referring to the section that contained the State Department's dissent.	They did not read footnotes in the 90-page document," said the official, referring to the section that contained the State Department's dissent.	1
"They did not read footnotes in a 90-page document," said the official, referring to the section that contained the State Department's dissent.	They did not read footnotes in a 90-page document," said the official, referring to the section that contained the State Department's dissent	1
"They did not read footnotes in a 90-page document," said the official, referring to the section that contained the State Department's dissent.	The State Department did not read the footnotes in the 90-page document," said the official, referring to the section that contained the State Department's dissent.	1
At least 2 female patients sharing a room and 10 nurses have fevers or other symptoms, and about 100 people who have had contact with them have been quarantined.	At least 2 female patients sharing a room and 10 nurses have fevers or other symptoms and about 100 people have had contact with them have been quarantined.	1
At least 2 female patients sharing a room and 10 nurses have fevers or other symptoms, and about 100 people who have had contact with them have been quarantined.	At least two female patients sharing a room and 10 nurses have fevers or other symptoms, and about 100 people who have had contact with them have been quarantined.	1
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, the American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.	The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, the American Cancer Society journal, published online today.	1
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, the American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.	The research appears in the January issue of cancer, the American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.	1
Congo's many-sided war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the government in Kinshasa.	Congo's many-sided war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the government in Kinshasa	1
Congo's many-sided war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the government in Kinshasa.	Congo: The many-sided war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the government in Kinshasa.	1
Senate President Pro Tempore Robert D. Garton, R-Columbus, said he spoke with Kernan not long before the oath of office ceremony.	Senate President Pro Tempore Robert D. Garton, R-Columbus, said he spoke to Kernan not long before the oath of office ceremony.	1
Senate President Pro Tempore Robert D. Garton, R-Columbus, said he spoke with Kernan not long before the oath of office ceremony.	Senate President Pro Tempore Robert D. Garton, R-Columbus, said he spoke with Kernan shortly before the oath of office ceremony.	1
For the first time starting Thursday, all four pages of the Constitution will be on view instead of just the first and last pages.	For the first time on Thursday, all four pages of the Constitution will be on view instead of only the first and last pages.	1
For the first time starting Thursday, all four pages of the Constitution will be on view instead of just the first and last pages.	For the first time starting on Thursday, all four pages of the Constitution will be on view instead of just the first and last pages.	1
For the first time starting Thursday, all four pages of the Constitution will be on view instead of just the first and last pages.	For the first time, beginning Thursday, all four pages of the Constitution will be on view instead of just the first and last pages.	1
For the first time starting Thursday, all four pages of the Constitution will be on view instead of just the first and last pages.	For the first time starting Thursday, all four pages of the Constitution will be on view instead of just the first and last page.	1
Finance Minister Masajuro Shiokawa said the yen has strengthened too much but declined to comment on whether Japan had intervened.	Finance Minister Masajuro Shiokawa said the yen has strengthened too much but declined to comment on whether Japan had intervened or not.	1
Finance Minister Masajuro Shiokawa said the yen has strengthened too much but declined to comment on whether Japan had intervened.	Japan's Finance Minister Masajuro Shiokawa said the yen has strengthened too much but declined to comment on whether Japan had intervened.	1
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.	American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's action.	1
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.	The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America after last week's actions.	1
The American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.	American Anglican Council, which represents Episcopalian conservatives, said it will seek authorization to create a separate province in North America because of last week's actions.	1
The company emphasized that McDonald's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	McDonalds USA emphasized that they do not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	1
The company emphasized that McDonald's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	McDonald's USA emphasized that McDonald's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	1
The company emphasized that McDonald's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	McDonald's USA reiterated that it does not import raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	1
The company emphasized that McDonald's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	McDonald's USA said that it does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	1
The company emphasized that McDonald's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	McDonald's USA noted that McDonald's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	1
The company emphasized that McDonald's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	McDonald's USA said it does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	1
The company emphasized that McDonald's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	McDonald's USA has decided not to import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	1
The company emphasized that McDonald's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	McDonald's USA insists that McDonald's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	1
The company emphasized that McDonald's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	McDonald's USA also emphasized that it does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	1
The company emphasized that McDonald's USA does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	McDonald's USA says it does not import any raw beef or hamburger patties from Canada for McDonald's use in the United States.	1
The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes recorded their third straight week of gains.	The S&P 500 and Nasdaq indexes reported their third consecutive week of gains.	1
The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes recorded their third straight week of gains.	The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq have recorded their third straight week of gains.	1
The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes recorded their third straight week of gains.	S&P 500 and Nasdaq index recorded their third straight week of gains.	1
The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes recorded their third straight week of gains.	The S&P 500 and Nasdaq indexes recorded their third straight week of gains.	1
The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes recorded their third straight week of gains.	S&P 500 and Nasdaq indexes recorded gains for the third week in a row.	1
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	Two years later, the insurance would begin.	1
He said there were complex reasons for the increased numbers of cases and scientists were only just beginning to understand the risk factors.	He said there were complex reasons for the increase number of cases and scientists were only beginning to understand the risk factors.	1
He said there were complex reasons for the increased numbers of cases and scientists were only just beginning to understand the risk factors.	There were complex reasons for the increased numbers of cases and scientists were only just beginning to understand the risk factors.	1
He said there were complex reasons for the increased numbers of cases and scientists were only just beginning to understand the risk factors.	According to him, there were complex reasons for the increased number of cases and scientists were only just beginning to understand the risk factors.	1
He said there were complex reasons for the increased numbers of cases and scientists were only just beginning to understand the risk factors.	He said there were complex reasons for the increased numbers of cases and scientists were just beginning to understand the risk factors.	1
After all, China isn't racing anyoneso there's no great rush," Clark said.	After all, China isn't racing anybodyso there's no great rush," Clark said.	1
After all, China isn't racing anyoneso there's no great rush," Clark said.	After all, China isn't racing anyoneso there's no great rush", said Clark.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	Consequently, the new server admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	The new Panther Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built in the software.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	The new server administr tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	The new server administrator tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	For that reason, the new server admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	The new server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	In addition, the new server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	For users who use Panther Server, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into the server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	In addition, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built in Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	The new server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built in Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	Additionally, the new server admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built in Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	The new server admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built in Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	Specifically, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built in Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	The new server admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built in Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	In addition to the new Server Admin tool, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	The new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built in Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	In addition, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	The new Panther Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	This new Server Admin tool will make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built in Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	The new Panther Server Admin Tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	Moreover, the new server admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built in Panther Server.	1
Additionally, the new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	The new Server Admin tool is intended to make it easy for system administrators to set up, manage and monitor the services built into Panther Server.	1
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.	Gregory Parseghian is a former investment banker, has been appointed to the Chief Executive.	1
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.	Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, has been appointed Chief Executive Officer.	1
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.	GREGORY PARSEGIONAN - Former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.	1
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.	Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, has been appointed chief executive.	1
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.	Greg Parseghian, a former investment banker, has been appointed chief executive.	1
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.	Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, has been appointed as the CEO.	1
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.	Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, has been appointed as the new chief executive.	1
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.	Gregory Parseghian, former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.	1
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.	Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed as chief executive.	1
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.	Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed as the new Chief Executive Officer.	1
Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed chief executive.	Gregory Parseghian, a former investment banker, was appointed as the chief executive.	1
Furthermore, Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.	At this point in time, Bremer believed that at least 200 operatives from The extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.	1
Furthermore, Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.	According to Bremer, as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.	1
Furthermore, Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.	As many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1. According to Bremer, Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.	1
Furthermore, Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.	As of May, Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.	1
Furthermore, Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.	According to Bremer, some 200 agents from the Islamist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back in the country since May 1.	1
Furthermore, Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.	In addition, Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.	1
Furthermore, Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.	Besides, Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.	1
Furthermore, Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.	As many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1. In addition, Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.	1
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	Their contract is to expire at 12:01 a.m. on Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. on Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	1
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. on Wednesday, instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	1
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	1
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	Their contract expires at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	1
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	That means the contract is to expire at 12:01 a.m. this Wednesday, instead of 12:01 a.m. on Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	1
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	They contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	1
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	The contract is expiring at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday, instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	1
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	UA contracts expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director of United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	1
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	If their contract expires Wednesday, it's 12:01 a.m. instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	1
Their contract will expire at 12:01 a.m. Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	They have a contract that will expire at 12:01 a.m. on Wednesday instead of 12:01 a.m. on Sunday, said Rian Wathen, organizing director for United Food and Commercial Workers Local 700.	1
Labor's Julia Gillard said it was a "major failure of coastal surveillance".	Julia Gillard, of Labor, says the coastal surveillance was a major failure.	1
Labor's Julia Gillard said it was a "major failure of coastal surveillance".	Julia Gillard of the Labor Party stated it was a "major failure of coastal surveillance".	1
Labor's Julia Gillard said it was a "major failure of coastal surveillance".	Labor's Julia Gillard said it was a major failure of coastal surveillance.	1
Labor's Julia Gillard said it was a "major failure of coastal surveillance".	Labor's Julia Gillard said the issue of coastal surveillance was a major failure.	1
Labor's Julia Gillard said it was a "major failure of coastal surveillance".	Julia Gillard of Labor said it was a "major failure of coastal surveillance".	1
She has also signed a contract with Random House to write two books.	She has signed a contract with Random House to write two books.	1
She has also signed a contract with Random House to write two books.	She has also signed a contract with Random House to write two novels.	1
She has also signed a contract with Random House to write two books.	She has signed a contract with Random House to write two novels.	1
She has also signed a contract with Random House to write two books.	Currently she is working on a contract with Random House to write two books. She has also signed a contract with the same company.	1
She has also signed a contract with Random House to write two books.	She signed a contract with Random House to write two books.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC declined 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC fell 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84.	1
But plaque volume increased by 2.7 percent in pravastatin patients.	In pravastatin patients, but plaque volume increased by 2.7 percent.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.67, or 1.2 percent, to 975.26, having risen 3.3 percent last week.	Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.67, or 1.2 percent, to 975.26, having risen 3.3 percent last week.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.67, or 1.2 percent, to 975.26, having risen 3.3 percent last week.	The Standard and Poor's 500 index rose 11.67, or 1.2 percent, to 975.26, having risen 3.3 percent last week.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.67, or 1.2 percent, to 975.26, having risen 3.3 percent last week.	The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.67, or 1.2%, to 975.26, having risen 3.3 percent last week.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.67, or 1.2 percent, to 975.26, having risen 3.3 percent last week.	Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.67, or 1.2 percent, to 975.26, after gaining 3.3 percent last week.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.67, or 1.2 percent, to 975.26, having risen 3.3 percent last week.	The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 11.67, or 1.2 percent, to 975.26, after rising 3.3 percent last week.	1
Analysts attributed the increase in part to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc. WCOEQ.PK and talk that AT&T could be a takeover target.	In the end, analysts attributed the increase in part to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc. WCOEQ.PK and talk that AT&T could be a takeover target.	1
Analysts attributed the increase in part to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc. WCOEQ.PK and talk that AT&T could be a takeover target.	Analysts attributed the increase in part to negative news from bankrupt competitor WorldCom Inc. WCOEQ.PK and talk that AT&T might be a takeover target.	1
The NEA report, the "Status of the American Public School Teacher," aims to help education groups shape their agendas.	The NEA report, the "Status of the American Public School Teacher", aims to help education groups shape their agendas.	1
The NEA report, the "Status of the American Public School Teacher," aims to help education groups shape their agendas.	The NEA report, the "Status of the American Public School Teacher," is aimed at helping education groups shape their agendas.	1
The NEA report, the "Status of the American Public School Teacher," aims to help education groups shape their agendas.	NEA's report, "Status of the American Public School Teacher" aims to help education groups shape their agendas.	1
The NEA report, the "Status of the American Public School Teacher," aims to help education groups shape their agendas.	The NEA report, "Status of the American Public School Teacher", aims to help education groups shape their agendas.	1
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	As a MDC spokesperson, Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	1
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	Paul Themba Nyathi, MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	1
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	According to Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	1
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	1
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said that the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	1
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	Paul Themba Nyathi, MDC spokesman said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	1
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	MDC spokesman Paul Themba Nyathi said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	1
Paul Themba Nyathi, an MDC spokesman, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	MDC spokesperson Paul Themba Nyathi, said the Avenues Clinic was being targeted because it was treating opposition supporters.	1
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.	Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday that he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.	1
Federal Judge William Barbour said Tuesday he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.	Federal Judge William Barbour said on Tuesday that he imposed the maximum sentence because Avants showed no remorse in the brutal slaying.	1
"These are dark days for our industry," Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.	"These are the dark days for our industry," Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.	1
"These are dark days for our industry," Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.	"These are dark days for our industry," Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organisation, said in a statement.	1
"These are dark days for our industry," Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.	"These are dark days for our industry", Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement.	1
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.	US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second largest oil field.	1
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.	US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second biggest oil field.	1
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.	US special forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second biggest oil field.	1
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.	American Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-largest oil field.	1
Rep. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, argued that the freeze is for only a few months.	Rep. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, argued that this freeze is only for a few months.	1
Rep. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, argued that the freeze is for only a few months.	Rep. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, argued that the freeze is only for a few months.	1
Rep. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, argued that the freeze is for only a few months.	Rep. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, said that the freeze is for a few months.	1
Rep. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, argued that the freeze is for only a few months.	Rep. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, said that a freeze is only for a few months.	1
Rep. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, argued that the freeze is for only a few months.	Rep. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, said the freeze is only for a few months.	1
Rep. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, argued that the freeze is for only a few months.	Rep. Dan Gelber, D-Miami Beach, argued that the freeze is for a few months.	1
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.	She was the only woman in her unit and was a member of Teamsters Local 995.	1
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.	She was the only female in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.	1
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.	She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995. She was a female on her unit.	1
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.	She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995. She was a female.	1
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.	She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995. She was also a female.	1
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.	She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995. She was a member of her unit.	1
After consulting with experts, he said he was advised a delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with "L" Pod, his family.	After consulting an expert, he said he was advised a delay would give Luna his best chance to reunite with "L" Pod, his family.	1
After consulting with experts, he said he was advised a delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with "L" Pod, his family.	After consulting with an advisor, he said he was advised a delay would give Luna his best chance of reuniting with "L" Pod, his family.	1
After consulting with experts, he said he was advised a delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with "L" Pod, his family.	After consulting with experts, he said he was advised a delay would give Luna his best chance of reuniting with "L" Pod, his family.	1
After consulting with experts, he said he was advised a delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with "L" Pod, his family.	After consulting experts, he said he was advised a delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with "L" Pod, his family.	1
After consulting with experts, he said he was advised a delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with "L" Pod, his family.	After consulting with experts, he said he was advised a delay would give Luna his best chance of reuniting with Pod, his family.	1
After consulting with experts, he said he was advised a delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with "L" Pod, his family.	After consulting with experts, he said he was advised a delay would give Luna his best chance of reuniting with L pod, his family.	1
Today in the US, the book - kept under wraps by its publishers, G. P. Putnam's Sons, since its inception - will appear in bookstores.	Today, in the US, the book - kept under wraps by its publishers, G. P. Putnam's Sons, since its inception - will appear in bookstores.	1
Today in the US, the book - kept under wraps by its publishers, G. P. Putnam's Sons, since its inception - will appear in bookstores.	Today in the US, the book - kept under wraps by its publishers, G.P. Putnam's Sons, since its inception - will appear in bookstores.	1
Analysts have estimated that Vivendi Uni could fetch $12 billion-$14 billion for VUE.	According to analysts, Vivendi Uni could fetch $12 billion-$14 billion for VUE.	1
Microsoft favors setting up "independent e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes."	Microsoft favors establishing "independent e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes."	1
Microsoft favors setting up "independent e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes."	Microsoft favors "independent e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes."	1
Microsoft favors setting up "independent e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes."	Microsoft favors setting up independent "e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes."	1
Microsoft favors setting up "independent e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes."	Microsoft favors setting up "independent email trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes."	1
Microsoft favors setting up "independent e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes."	Microsoft favors setting up independent trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes.	1
Microsoft favors setting up "independent e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes."	Microsoft favors setting up independent e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes.	1
Microsoft favors setting up "independent e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes."	Microsoft favors setting up independent email trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes.	1
Microsoft favors setting up "independent e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes."	Microsoft favors setting up independent e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes."	1
Microsoft favors setting up "independent e-mail trust authorities to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes."	Microsoft is favoring setting up an "independent e-mail trust authority to establish and maintain commercial email guidelines, certify senders who follow the guidelines, and resolve customer disputes."	1
"The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and we are only just beginning to understand the risk factors," he said.	What is the reason behind the increase in incidence is more complex and we are only beginning to understand the risk factors, he added.	1
The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com.	The interview was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com/. It also discusses Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder.	1
The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com.	This interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com.	1
The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com.	The interview also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com/.	1
The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com.	In the interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com.	1
The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com.	The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com/.	1
The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com.	In the interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com/.	1
The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com.	In a reprint of Schwarzenegger's interview, the interview, focusing on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com.	1
The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com.	This week's interview focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, and was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com/.	1
The Fox Movie Channel has banned Charlie Chan.	Fox Movies has banned Charlie Chan.	1
The Fox Movie Channel has banned Charlie Chan.	Fox Movie Channel has banned Charlie Chan.	1
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	The 3 hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	1
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	The 3 hour recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	1
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	The 3 hours recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	1
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	The 3 hours of recorded interviews include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	1
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	The three hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	1
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	The three-hour recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	1
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.	Germans account for over 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.	1
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	The S&P & TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	1
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points on the week.	1
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	1
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	S&P/TSX composite increased 87.74 points on the week, while TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	1
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	S&P/TSX Composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while TSX Venture Exchange Composite gained 44.49 points.	1
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	The S&P/TSX Composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points on the week.	1
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points on the week.	1
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	1
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	The S&P/TSX composite gained 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	1
Muhammad and fellow sniper suspect Lee Boyd Malvo, who goes on trial Nov. 10, were arrested Oct. 24, 2002, at a Maryland highway rest stop.	Muhammad and fellow sniper suspect Lee Boyd Malvo, who goes on trial Nov. 10, were arrested Oct. 24, 2002 at a Maryland highway rest stop.	1
Thursday, Mr. Romanow called it an offence to democracy to not implement a council that so many Canadians support.	On Thursday, Mr. Romanow called it an offence to democracy to not implement a council that so many Canadians support.	1
"The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize," said Chief Financial Officer Robert Rivet.	The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize," said Chief Financial Officer Robert Rivet.	1
"The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize," said Chief Financial Officer Robert Rivet.	"The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize", said Chief Financial Officer Robert Rivet.	1
"The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize," said Chief Financial Officer Robert Rivet.	"The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize," said Robert Rivet, Chief Financial Officer.	1
"The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize," said Chief Financial Officer Robert Rivet.	The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize, said Chief Financial Officer Robert Rivet.	1
"The anticipated global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize," said Chief Financial Officer Robert Rivet.	Global sales improvement in the month of June did not materialize, said Chief Financial Officer Robert Rivet.	1
Ex-KGB agent Putin added that the Beatles were considered 'propaganda of an alien ideology'.	That ex-KGB agent Putin stated that the Beatles were considered 'propaganda of an alien ideology'.	1
Ex-KGB agent Putin added that the Beatles were considered 'propaganda of an alien ideology'.	Ex-KGB agent Putin added that the Beatles were considered as 'propaganda of an alien ideology'.	1
Ex-KGB agent Putin added that the Beatles were considered 'propaganda of an alien ideology'.	Ex KGB agent Putin said that the Beatles were considered propaganda of an alien ideology.	1
U.S. Capitol Police Chief Terrance Gainer said the incident resulted from "two staff members bringing in Halloween costumes."	United States Capitol Police Chief Terrance Gainer said the incident resulted from "two staff members bringing in Halloween costumes."	1
U.S. Capitol Police Chief Terrance Gainer said the incident resulted from "two staff members bringing in Halloween costumes."	At the Capitol, U.S. Capitol Police Chief Terrance Gainer said the incident resulted from "two staff members bringing in Halloween costumes."	1
The company reported that it terminated Sequent's Unix contract for improper transfer of source code and development methods into Linux.	The company reported that it terminated Sequent's Unix contract for improper transfer of source code and development methods to Linux.	1
Investors are taking heed of the latest warning from Japan's top financial diplomat Zembei Mizoguchi that Japan would act to prevent excessive swings in rates.	Investors are taking heed of the latest warning from Japan's top financial diplomat Zembei Mizoguchi that Japan will act to prevent excessive swings in rates.	1
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.	Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomon Islands.	1
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.	McDevitt has been given control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.	1
In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor, accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.	In 2002, Linksys overtook Cisco Systems as the leading wireless equipment vendor accounting for 14.1 percent of revenue.	1
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.	RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was the "one we were all pulling for".	1
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.	RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for".	1
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.	RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was the one we were all pulling for.	1
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.	RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for."	1
Mr Martin said the company is "cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003".	M. Martin said the Company is "cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003".	1
Mr Martin said the company is "cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003".	Martin said the company is "cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003".	1
Mr Martin said the company is "cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003".	The company is "cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003", said Mr. Martin.	1
Mr Martin said the company is "cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003".	In the second half of 2003, Mr Martin said the company was "cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends".	1
Mr Martin said the company is "cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003".	Yves Martin said the company is "cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003".	1
Mr Martin said the company is "cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003".	M. Martin said the company is "cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003".	1
"It was one of the first times in my life that I felt we were truly being treated as Americans,'' she said.	"It was one of the first times in my life that I felt we were being treated as Americans," she said.	1
"It was one of the first times in my life that I felt we were truly being treated as Americans,'' she said.	It was one of the first times in my life that I felt we were truly being treated as Americans'', she said.	1
"It was one of the first times in my life that I felt we were truly being treated as Americans,'' she said.	It was one of the first times in my life that I felt we were truly being treated as Americans,'' she said.	1
"It was one of the first times in my life that I felt we were truly being treated as Americans,'' she said.	It was one of the first time in my life that I felt we were truly being treated as Americans,'' she said.	1
"It was one of the first times in my life that I felt we were truly being treated as Americans,'' she said.	"It was one of the first times in my life that I felt we were truly being treated as Americans," she said.	1
"Please, keep doing your homework," said Bavelier, the mother of three.	"Please keep doing your homework," said Bavelier, the mother of three.	1
"Please, keep doing your homework," said Bavelier, the mother of three.	"Please, keep doing your homework," said Bavelier, mother of three.	1
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.	Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome from Israelis.	1
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.	If Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.	1
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.	If Mr. Qurei is respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.	1
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.	While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome from the Israelis.	1
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.	While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.	1
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.	Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.	1
"Nobody wants to go to war with anybody about anything ... it's always very much a last resort thing and one to be avoided," Mr Howard told Sydney radio.	Nobody wants to go to war with anybody about anything, it's always very much a last resort thing and one to be avoided," Mr Howard told Sydney Radio.	1
"Nobody wants to go to war with anybody about anything ... it's always very much a last resort thing and one to be avoided," Mr Howard told Sydney radio.	Nobody wants to go to war with anybody about anything... it's always very much a last resort thing and one to be avoided," Mr Howard told Sydney radio.	1
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.	Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had not revealed what had happened to the children.	1
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.	Gilroy Police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to his children.	1
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.	Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.	1
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.	Gilroy FBI and Gilroy police described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.	1
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.	Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had not revealed anything about what had happened to the children.	1
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.	Gilroy Police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative but said Saturday that he had not revealed what had happened to the children.	1
Gilroy police and FBI agents described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.	FBI agent: Gilroy police and FBI described Gehring as cooperative, but said Saturday that he had revealed nothing about what had happened to the children.	1
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.	Knox County Health Department follows national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.	1
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.	Knox County Health Department follows national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention protocol to contain infection.	1
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.	Health Department of Knox County is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention protocol to contain infection.	1
Knox County Health Department is following national Centers for Disease Control and Prevention Protocol to contain infection.	Knox County Health Department follows National Centers for Disease Control and Prevention protocol to contain infection.	1
The new rules will allow a single company to own TV stations that reach 45 percent of U.S. households instead of the old 35 percent.	Will the new rule allow a single company to own TV stations that reach 45 percent of U.S. households instead of the old 35 percent.	1
"At this point, Mr. Brando announced: 'Somebody ought to put a bullet'" through her head, the motion continued.	"At this point, Mr. Brando announced: 'Somebody ought to put a bullet' through her head," continued the motion. "	1
"At this point, Mr. Brando announced: 'Somebody ought to put a bullet'" through her head, the motion continued.	At this point, Mr. Brando announced: 'Somebody ought to put a bullet'" through her head, the motion continued.	1
"At this point, Mr. Brando announced: 'Somebody ought to put a bullet'" through her head, the motion continued.	"At this point, Mr. Brando announced, "Somebody ought to put a bullet" through her head, the motion continued.	1
"At this point, Mr. Brando announced: 'Somebody ought to put a bullet'" through her head, the motion continued.	"At this point, Mr. Brando announced: "Somebody ought to put a bullet" through her head, the motion continued.	1
"At this point, Mr. Brando announced: 'Somebody ought to put a bullet'" through her head, the motion continued.	"At this point, Mr. Brando announced: "Somebody ought to put a bullet through her head. ", the motion continued.	1
"At this point, Mr. Brando announced: 'Somebody ought to put a bullet'" through her head, the motion continued.	"At this point, Mr. Brando announced: 'Somebody ought to put a bullet'" through her head, the motion continued. "At this point, Mr. Brando announced: 'Somebody ought to put a bullet'" through her head.	1
"At this point, Mr. Brando announced: 'Somebody ought to put a bullet'" through her head, the motion continued.	'Somebody ought to put a bullet through her head'; "At this point, Mr. Brando announced: "Somebody ought to put a bullet" through her head, the motion continued.	1
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.	Martin, 58, will be released today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.	1
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.	Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.	1
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.	Martin, 58, was released today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.	1
Martin, 58, will be freed today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.	Michael Martin, 58, was released today after serving two thirds of his five-year sentence for the manslaughter of 16-year-old Fred Barras.	1
"We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates," Duisenberg said.	"We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to reduce interest rates," Duisenberg said.	1
"We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates," Duisenberg said.	"Our outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates", Duisenberg said.	1
"We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates," Duisenberg said.	"The outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates," Duisenberg said.	1
"We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates," Duisenberg said.	"We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates", Duisenberg said.	1
"We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates," Duisenberg said.	The outlook for price stability in the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates", Duisenberg said.	1
"We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates," Duisenberg said.	According to Duisenberg, the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates.	1
"We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates," Duisenberg said.	The outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates", Duisenberg said.	1
"We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates," Duisenberg said.	"We conclude that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates," Duisenberg said.	1
"We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates," Duisenberg said.	The outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates," Duisenberg said.	1
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.	The notification was first reported on Friday by MSNBC.	1
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.	The Notification was first reported on Friday by MSNBC.	1
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.	30-year bond US30YT=RR increased 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.	1
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.	The 30 year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.	1
