sentence	paraphrase	mi
Clinton is " dramatically expanding " her efforts in Arizona , dispatching a potent surrogate , Michelle Obama	Hillary Clinton is expanding her Arizona outreach efforts dramatically, sending a powerful new surrogate, Michelle Obama.	1
Clinton is " dramatically expanding " her efforts in Arizona , dispatching a potent surrogate , Michelle Obama	Clinton'dramatically expands'her Arizona campaigns by detaining a potent surrogate, Michelle Obama	1
The NYT's lawyer responded to a request from Donald Trump's lawyer to retract an article	The New York Times's legal lawyer responded to a request from Donald Trump's lawyer to retract an article.	1
The NYT's lawyer responded to a request from Donald Trump's lawyer to retract an article	The New York Times Responds to a Request by Donald Trump's Lawyer to Retraction an Article	1
The NYT's lawyer responded to a request from Donald Trump's lawyer to retract an article	NYT attorney responding to Donald Trump request to retract article	1
The creator of Atari has launched a new VR company called Modal VR	The creator of Atari has launched a new VR company called Modal&nbsp;VR	1
Did California lift mandatory water rationing too soon ? Water use is up again .	Did California Lift the Water Mandate Too Soon? The Bottom Line: Water Use is Up!	1
Simulation suggests @ESA Schiaparelli lands on Mars	simulated #ESA Schiaparelli lands on Mars.	1
A complete and updated list of all the sexual assault allegations against Donald Trump	A complete and updated list of all the sexual assault allegations against #realDonaldTrump.	1
Donald Trump on his accuser Take a look at her . I don't think so	President-elect Donald Trump has urged his accuser, "Take a look at her. I don't think so."" property	1
Donald Trump on his accuser Take a look at her . I don't think so	Trump on accuser Take a look at her I don't think so	1
I would have to be a moron " to say some cities won't rig the election	It makes me "think of myself as a moron" to say some cities won't rig the election	1
I would have to be a moron " to say some cities won't rig the election	I would have to be a moron'to say some cities wont rig the election.	1
Teaching seventh graders in a " total mess " of an election season	Teach 7th graders in a Total Mess of an Election Season	1
After Paul Ryan announced he would no longer defend Donald Trump , the reaction from hard-liners was swift and angry	Paul Ryan will no longer defend Donald Trump, but the reaction from hard-liners was swift and angry	1
Scientists plan to create ' Asgardia ' nation state in space	Scientists to create'Asgardia'nation state in space	1
Ohio's Secretary of State I can reassure Trump the election in my state will not be rigged	Ohio Secretary of State: 'I can reassure Trump the election in my state will not be rigged'" property	1
Ohio's Secretary of State I can reassure Trump the election in my state will not be rigged	Ohio Secretary of State: I Can reassure @realDonaldTrump the election in my state will not be rigged	1
Ohio's Secretary of State I can reassure Trump the election in my state will not be rigged	Ohio Secretary of State: "I can reassure you #DonaldTrump the election in my state will not be rigged."" property	1
Children in Calais Jungle to arrive in UK ' in days	The children in Calais Jungle will arrive in the UK, in days.	1
This is incredibly , incredibly dangerous .	This is incredibly dangerous, extremely.	1
One of Trumps " African Americans " in Illinois is messing up the L.A. Times ' polling	One of Trumps " African Americans " in Illinois is screwing up L.A. Times'polling ".	1
One of Trumps " African Americans " in Illinois is messing up the L.A. Times ' polling	Trump's black voter in Illinois is messing up L.A. Times polling	1
One of Trumps " African Americans " in Illinois is messing up the L.A. Times ' polling	One of Trumps " African Americans " in Illinois is messing up LA Times polling	1
His breast cancer diagnosis was a stark reminder of the medical world's blind spots in care for trans men and women	The reality of his diagnosis of breast cancer was a stark reminder of the world's blind spots in healthcare for trans men and women.	1
Twitter debate lead was swelled by bots , a study finds	Twitter debate lead was swelled by bots ", report says	1
This is the ugliest house on the face of the earth	I call this the ugliest house on the face of the earth	1
Slate EVISCERATES Keith Olbermann and our vogue for snide monologues in EPIC RANT	Slate reveals Keith Olbermann and his style for snide monologues in the EPIC RANT	1
It's an archaeological mystery How did Roman coins end up in the ruins of a 12th-century castle in Okinawa , Japan ?	Archaeology Mystery How did Roman coins end up in the ruins of a 12th-century castle in Okinawa, Japan?	1
DONALD TRUMP WILL PROTECT YOU . HE IS THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN .	WILL DONALD TRUMP Protege YOU. HE IS THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN.	1
Donald Trump's behavior can be confusing for some boys , a psychologist said	Psychology psychologists suggest @realDonaldTrump's behavior can be confusing for some boys	1
Donald Trump's behavior can be confusing for some boys , a psychologist said	Psychologists See Donald Trump's Behavior as Confusion for Some Boys	1
Donald Trump's behavior can be confusing for some boys , a psychologist said	A psychologist says Trump's behavior can be confusing for boys	1
One of the separated twins , Jadon , is out of surgery and reunited with his parents	Jadon, the twins separated from his parents and out of surgery, has been reunited with him	1
One of the separated twins , Jadon , is out of surgery and reunited with his parents	Jadon, the twin separated from his parents, Is Out of Surgery and Reunited With His Parents.	1
A small faction of Hindu nationalists have become some of Donald Trumps most passionate followers	A Small Part of Hindu Nationalists Have Been Some of Trump&rsquo;s Most Enthusiastical Followers	1
A small faction of Hindu nationalists have become some of Donald Trumps most passionate followers	A small faction of Hindu nationalists have become some of Trump&rsquo;s most passionate followers&rsquo;	1
A small faction of Hindu nationalists have become some of Donald Trumps most passionate followers	A small group of Hindu nationalists have become some of Trump&rsquo;s most passionate followers.	1
A small faction of Hindu nationalists have become some of Donald Trumps most passionate followers	A small fad of Hindu Nationalists have become some of Donald Trump&rsquo;s most passionate followers	1
A small faction of Hindu nationalists have become some of Donald Trumps most passionate followers	A PAC of Hindu Nationalists Are Getting Donald Trumps Best Followers	1
A small faction of Hindu nationalists have become some of Donald Trumps most passionate followers	A Small Front of Hindu Nationalists Have Been Some of Donald Trump&rsquo;s Most Popular Followers	1
This week , Trump supporters have settled on a new target the news media	Trump supporters settle on new target for news media This week, Trump supporters settle on a new target	1
This is un-American , full stop .	This is un-American, total.	1
This is un-American , full stop .	This is unAmerican, stop.	1
This is un-American , full stop .	All of this is un-American.	1
This is un-American , full stop .	This is un-American, per se.	1
This is un-American , full stop .	This is un-American, stop.	1
This is un-American , full stop .	This is unAmerican, full stop	1
Rush Limbaugh complains about nonconsensual sex aka rape being called rape	Limbaugh complains about nonconsensual sex being called rape	1
Rush Limbaugh complains about nonconsensual sex aka rape being called rape	Limbaugh complains about rape & amp ; nonconsensual sex being called rape.	1
BMW's motorcycle of the future doesn't require a helmet	BMWs motorcycle of the future doesnt require a helmet	1
BMW's motorcycle of the future doesn't require a helmet	BMWs Motorcycle of the Future Doesnt Need a Helmet	1
BMW's motorcycle of the future doesn't require a helmet	BMW Motorcycling of the Future Doesnt Require a Helmet	1
BMW's motorcycle of the future doesn't require a helmet	BMWs Motorcycle of the Future Doesnt Require a Helmet	1
Hacked email appears to show Donna Brazile fed Clinton campaign a town hall question	Hacked Email Shows Brazile Fed Clinton Campaign a Town Hall Question	1
Watch Donald Trump call Paula Jones " a loser " in 1998	Watch @realDonaldTrump Call Paula Jones'a Loser'in 1998	1
Three accused of plot to bomb Somalis at Kansas mosque	Three Accused of Plundering to Bomb Somalis at Kansas Mosque	1
The professor wore a hijab in solidarity . Then she lost her job .	Professor wears hijab in solidarity, then loses job.	1
The professor wore a hijab in solidarity . Then she lost her job .	Prof wore a hijab in solidarity. Then lost her job.	1
16 innovations making a difference for poor communities around the world	16 innovations that tackle poverty around the world	1
16 innovations making a difference for poor communities around the world	16 innovative ideas that tackle poverty around the world.	1
The Nobel Prize panel has stopped knock , knock , knocking on Bob Dylan's door .	Nobel Prize panel stopped knocking at Dylan's door	1
Billionaire tech investors support divisive plan to ban San Franciscos homeless camps	Tech billionaires back divisive plan to ban San Franciscos homeless&nbsp;camps	1
Billionaire tech investors support divisive plan to ban San Franciscos homeless camps	Billionaire tech investors support divisive plan to ban San Franciscoâ€™s homeless&nbsp;camps	1
A look at the rapid decline of NJ Transit , one of the nation's busiest commuter railroads	NJ Transit, the Rapid Decline of The Nation's Busiest Commuter Railroads	1
Why the Republican Party will be lily-white for decades to come	Why the GOP Will Be Lily-White for Defs to Come	1
What to do when you're confronted with offensive speech	How to Deal With Offensive Speech	1
University of Houston football players get an unorthodox greeting on game days a kiss on the cheek from their coach	The U of H football players are getting a rare and unusual greeting on game days, a kiss on the cheek from their coach	1
Looks like a rerun Wednesday's presidential debate will not have a climate question .	It Looks Like a Rerun of Wednesdays Presidential Debate Does Not Have a Climate Question	1
Watch our new series Bitcoin and the Blockchain	Watch our new series Bitcoin and the&nbsp;Blockchain	1
ShotTracker raises $5M in seed funding from Magic Johnson to bring real-time analytics to NBA teams	ShotTracker raises $5 million in seed funding from Magic Johnson to bring real-time analytics to NBA&nbsp;teams	1
ShotTracker raises $5M in seed funding from Magic Johnson to bring real-time analytics to NBA teams	ShotTracker raises $5M in seed funding from Magic Johnson to bring real-time analytics to NBA&nbsp;teams	1
Donald Trump is finally being held accountable , and it makes him furious	Donald Trump Is Finally Being Held Account, Makes Him Furious	1
Donald Trump is finally being held accountable , and it makes him furious	Trump finally gets to the point where he's furious that he's finally being held accountable	1
The NYT's lawyer David McCraw I hardly expected my letter to Donald Trump to go viral	New York Times lawyer David McCraw: 'I hardly expected my letter to Donald Trump to go viral'" property	1
The NYT's lawyer David McCraw I hardly expected my letter to Donald Trump to go viral	New York Times Lawyer David McCraw Tells Donald Trump: 'I hardly expected my letter to go viral'" property	1
Wi-Fi passwords from airports around the world in one brilliant map	A brilliant map of airport wifi passwords for airports around the world	1
Giuliani on Trump allegations I've never seen him do anything remotely close to that	Giuliani on Trump claims: "I've never seen him do anything remotely close to that."" property	1
Giuliani on Trump allegations I've never seen him do anything remotely close to that	Giuliani on Trump allegations, says Giuliani "has never seen him do anything remotely close to that" @CNNPolitics	1
Donald Trump said Paul Ryan's refusal to support his candidacy was part of a " sinister deal going on	Trump says Ryan's refusal to support him was part of a'sinister deal going on.	1
Is the 162-year-old party that has produced 18 presidents , including Lincoln and Reagan , about to fall apart ?	How will the 162-year-old Party, which has produced 18 presidents, including Lincoln and Reagan, crumble?	1
We should have been ready for this , and we weren't .	We should have been ready for this, and we werent.	1
I've never heard anything that could be described as an assault , or any crime . Not even close . On locker rooms	I've never heard anything that could be described as an assault, or any crime. On locker rooms, even.	1
Democratic campaign bus dumps sewage into Georgia storm drain , police say	A Democratic campaign bus slammed sewage into the Georgia storm drain, police say.	1
Democratic campaign bus dumps sewage into Georgia storm drain , police say	The Democratic camp bus dumping sewage into Georgia storm drain, police say	1
Danny Elfman wrote a horror movie score for the debate footage of Trump and Hillary	Danny Elfman wrote a horror movie score for the debate footage of @realDonaldTrump and @HillaryClinton	1
Mario Batali will prepare the Obamas last state dinner	Mario Batali prepares Obamas last State Dinner!	1
ISIS's propaganda operations have dropped off drastically , a study found	ISIS propaganda operations dramatically cut, study finds	1
and we're back . Thanks for your patience .	and I'm back thanks for your patience	1
and we're back . Thanks for your patience .	hey there! Thank you all for your patience. We are back. Thanks for your patience.	1
Tribes protesting Dakota Access pipeline dig in as tensions rise	Tribes Against Dakota Access Pipeline dig in, tensions rise	1
Judge rejects riot charge against Amy Goodman of " Democracy Now " over pipeline protest	Judge Throws Out Roster Charge Against Amy Goodman of Democracy Now over Pipeline Protest	1
Judge rejects riot charge against Amy Goodman of " Democracy Now " over pipeline protest	Judge Rejects Riot Charge Against Amy Goodman of &ldquo;Democracy Now&rdquo; over Pipeline Protest	1
Judge rejects riot charge against Amy Goodman of " Democracy Now " over pipeline protest	Judge Rejects Riot Charge Against Amy Goodman of Democracy Now Pipeline Protest	1
Trump needed a viral moment to drown out his embarrassment from 2005 . So he tried to bring back 1998 .	How Trump Needed a Viral Moment to Ditch His Emarrassment From 2005. So He Tried to Bring Back 1998.	1
Clinton VP list divided into ' food groups ' by race , gender	Hillary's VP List Divided In Food Groups By Race, Gender	1
Giuliani said he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero . Here are photos of them together	Giuliani says he never saw Hillary @ Ground Zero. Here are photos of them!	1
Giuliani said he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero . Here are photos of them together	Giuliani says he didnt see Hillary at Ground Zero. Here are photos of them there	1
Billionaire tech investors support divisive plan to ban San Francisco's homeless camps	Billionaire tech investors support divisive plan to ban San Francisco homeless #camps	1
Billionaire tech investors support divisive plan to ban San Francisco's homeless camps	Billionaire tech investors support divisive plan to ban San Francisco's homeless #camps	1
For Donald Trumps most ardent supporters , its fervor over data	For Trumps Most Enthusiastic Supporters, Its Passion Over Data	1
For Donald Trumps most ardent supporters , its fervor over data	Donald Trumps Most ardent Supporters, Its Passion Over Data	1
There are 10 times more galaxies in our universe than we'd estimated , NASA says	10x more galaxies in our universe than we'd estimated, NASA says	1
Teaching and learning language is vastly different than it was a generation ago	Teaching & amp ; learning language is vastly different than it was a generation ago	1
How " The Birth of a Nation " silences black women	The birth of a nation silences black women	1
How " The Birth of a Nation " silences black women	How &ldquo;The Birth of a Nation&rdquo; Silences Black Women	1
Federal judge excoriates Floridas " obscene " " undeclared war " on voting rights .	Federal judge exhorts Floridas  obscene '' " undeclared war '' on voting rights	1
Federal judge excoriates Floridas " obscene " " undeclared war " on voting rights .	Federal judge excoriates " obscene " Florida " undeclared war " on voting rights	1
Al Gore reminds Floridians Your vote really , really , really counts	Al Gore in Florida Reminds Us Vote, Really, Really, Really.	1
Al Gore reminds Floridians Your vote really , really , really counts	Al Gore Just Reminds Floridans Your Vote Is Important	1
After years of legal wrangling , Adolf Hitler's birth house in Austria will be demolished	The building that became Adolf Hitler's birthplace in Austria will be demolished after years of legal wrangling	1
After years of legal wrangling , Adolf Hitler's birth house in Austria will be demolished	Hitler's birth house to be demolished After years of legal wrangling, Austria	1
Hi @KatrinaPierson , the aircraft types you mentioned all did operate into New York City .	Hello @KatrinaPierson, all the types of aircraft you mentioned did all fly into New York.	1
Go back to China Asian-Americans recall racist encounters	Asian Americans from China recall racist encounters.	1
Could Michelle Obama be the Clinton surrogate who finishes off Trump ?	Michelle Obama Could Be the Clinton Surrogate Who Smothers Trump	1
Could Michelle Obama be the Clinton surrogate who finishes off Trump ?	Could Michelle Obama be the Clinton surrogate who ends up Trump?	1
Imagine if Hillary Clinton had done these 26 things	Imagine if #HillaryClinton did these 26 things	1
Imagine if Hillary Clinton had done these 26 things	Imagine if #HillaryClinton had done these 26 things.	1
US election 2016 Trump says sex assault claims aimed to hurt him	Trump Says Sex Assault Claim aimed to Hurt Him in Election 2016	1
Worries over the health of King Bhumibol Adulyadej are shaking Thailand	The health of King Bhumibol Adulyadej shakes Thailand with concern over his health	1
Worries over the health of King Bhumibol Adulyadej are shaking Thailand	Worries Over the Health of King Bhumibol Adulyadej Shake Thailand	1
Worries over the health of King Bhumibol Adulyadej are shaking Thailand	Worries Over King Bhumibol Adulyadej's Health Shake Thailand.	1
Worries over the health of King Bhumibol Adulyadej are shaking Thailand	Ang Leets Worries Over King Bhumibol Adulyadej Health Shake Thailand	1
Apple may ditch traditional USB ports on the MacBook Pro	Apple may ditch traditional USB ports on the MacBook Pro" property	1
Lets just say it Trump sounds more and more like Hitler .	Let&rsquo;s Just Say It: Trump Sounds More and More Like Hitler	1
Lets just say it Trump sounds more and more like Hitler .	Let's just say it: Trump sounds more and more like Hitler." property	1
Lets just say it Trump sounds more and more like Hitler .	Let&rsquo;s Just Say It: Trump Sounds More and More Like Hitler.	1
The Trump name is so toxic that his company is now planning hotels without it	The Trump brand is so toxic, that his company is now planning hotels without the brand.	1
Ruth Bader Ginsburgs Kaepernick comments spell the end of the Notorious RBG myth	Ruth Bader Ginsburg&rsquo;s Kaepernick Comments Spell the End of the Notorious RBG Myth	1
Obama says US is partnering with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s .	Obama: The US is partnering with private companies to send humans to Mars by the 2030s" property	1
Netflix shakes off weak subscriber growth and its stock is skyrocketing	Netflixs stock skyrockets after months of slowing subscriber growth	1
Netflix shakes off weak subscriber growth and its stock is skyrocketing	Netflix's stock is skyrocketing after weak subscriber growth	1
Netflix shakes off weak subscriber growth and its stock is skyrocketing	Netflix's Share is skyrocketing, despite weak subscriber growth	1
Family Guy does a version of Trump's bus chat with Peter Griffin	Family Guy does a version of Trump's bus chat with Peter Griffin. You get the idea.	1
Family Guy does a version of Trump's bus chat with Peter Griffin	Family Guy tackles a version of Trump's bus chat with Peter Griffin	1
Watch the Disney Accelerator Demo Day here	Watch the Disney Accelerator Demo Day in action	1
Watch the Disney Accelerator Demo Day here	Watch the Disney Accelerator Demo Day live right now	1
Republicans seem unable to censure Trump without invoking female spouses and especially offspring	Republicans seem unable to censure Trump without invoking female wives & amp ; particularly offspring	1
Republicans seem unable to censure Trump without invoking female spouses and especially offspring	The Republicans seem unable to censure Trump without invoking female spouses & amp ; especially offspring.	1
Comcast hit with FCC's biggest cable fine ever	Comcast hit with biggest cable fine ever Comcast & amp ; FCC hit.	1
Regardless of who wins the White House , this year's big loser is email	Whoever Wins The White House, Email Is The Big Loser This Year's Big Loser	1
Regardless of who wins the White House , this year's big loser is email	Who Wins the White House, This Years Big Loser Is Email	1
This is the darkest , most devastating Pixar short of all time	This is the darkest, most devastating short Pixar has ever created	1
This is the darkest , most devastating Pixar short of all time	This is the darkest, most devastating short Pixar made.	1
These women have accused Trump of sexual harassment	These Women Have Acted Trump of Sexual Harassment	1
Cards Against Humanity funded this amazing anti-Trump billboard	Cards Against Humanity backed this amazing anti-Trump billboard!	1
Cards Against Humanity funded this amazing anti-Trump billboard	The card campaign, called Cards Against Humanity, funded a powerful anti-Trump billboard	1
Cards Against Humanity funded this amazing anti-Trump billboard	cardsAgainsthumanity funded this amazing anti-Trump billboard	1
A tear for a clown Ronald McDonald to limit appearances after clown scares	tears for a clown Ronald McDonald to limit appearances after clown scares	1
Are the secret algorithms behind criminal risk scores really making US justice fairer ?	Are the secret algorithms behind the criminal risk scores really making @USJustice fairer?	1
Are the secret algorithms behind criminal risk scores really making US justice fairer ?	The secret algorithms behind the crime risk scores Are they really making US justice fairer?	1
These ' ugly ' fruit and veggie emoji will get you talking about food waste	These #Uggly Fruit & amp ; Vegetable Emoji Will Make You Talk About Food Waste	1
The most recent polls are very bad news for Donald Trump . But they're not apocalyptic .	Latest Polls Very Bad News for @realDonaldTrump. But They&rsquo;re Not Apocalyptic.	1
The most recent polls are very bad news for Donald Trump . But they're not apocalyptic .	The most recent polls are very bad news for Donald Trump. But they&rsquo;re not apocalyptic.	1
The most recent polls are very bad news for Donald Trump . But they're not apocalyptic .	The latest polls are very bad news for Donald Trump. But they&squot;re not apocalyptic.	1
Twitter is said to be in continued talks with Salesforce	Twitter is said to be in talks with Salesforce. Among them is Salesforce.	1
Her 12-year-old cat had arthritis , so she turned to an unlikely source	My 12-Year-Old Cat Had Arthritis, so I Turned to an Unthinkable Source	1
Her 12-year-old cat had arthritis , so she turned to an unlikely source	My 12-Year-Old Cat Had Arthritis, so I Turned to an Unlikely Source	1
Being Muslim American in the year of Donald Trump	Becoming an American Muslim in the year of Donald Trump	1
The house where Adolf Hitler was born is set to be demolished	Hitler's birthplace is to be demolished.	1
Donald Trump Jr. ' s joke about Aurora theater shooting sparks anger in Colorado	RIP @realDonaldTrump Jr.'s joke about Aurora theater shooting sparks anger in Colorado	1
This is the only time I've seen a president like this , who says exactly what he wants to say . On Rodrigo Duterte	Rodrigo Duterte: This Is the Only Time I've Seen a President Like This, Who Says Everything He Wants to Say	1
Melania Trump sits down with Anderson Cooper watch AC360 on CNN at 8 p.m. ET on Monday .	Melania Trump and Anderson Cooper watch CNN's AC360 on Monday at 8 p.m. ET.	1
Melania Trump sits down with Anderson Cooper watch AC360 on CNN at 8 p.m. ET on Monday .	Melania Trump and Anderson Cooper watch AC360 on CNN at 8 p.m. ET on Monday.	1
Melania Trump sits down with Anderson Cooper watch AC360 on CNN at 8 p.m. ET on Monday .	Melania Trump and Anderson Cooper watch AC360 on CNN at 8 p.m. ET Monday night.	1
For a few days , Ken Bone was America's sweetheart .	Ken Bone became Americas sweetheart for a few days.	1
A former Miss USA contestant says Donald Trump inspected each woman before the pageant	Those people are so different " Ex-contestant says Trump inspected each woman before pageant " Former Miss USA Contestant says	1
Russia risks becoming " pariah " after Syria bomb attacks	Russia Risks Being &ldquo;Pariah&rdquo; After Syria Bomb Attacks	1
Russia risks becoming " pariah " after Syria bomb attacks	Russia risks becoming'pariah'w/ Syria bombing	1
Who would have thought that the first casualty of a hard Brexit would be the nation's supplies of Marmite ?	Why would anyone have guessed that Marmite supplies would be the first casualty of a hard Brexit?	1
Why you should stop multitasking and focus on " monotasking	Why You Should Stop Multitasking & amp ; Focus on " Monotasking	1
Facebook is now testing its Snapchat Stories clone in Australia	Snapchat Stories is now testing in Australia via FACEBOOK	1
Studio Ghibli artist Michiyo Yasuda has died , aged 77 . Some of her legendary work	Michiyo Yasuda Dies at 77 : Studio Ghibli Art	1
Studio Ghibli artist Michiyo Yasuda has died , aged 77 . Some of her legendary work	Michiyo Yasuda, the legendary Studio Ghibli painter who painted the film " ", dies at 77.	1
Tribe video chat transcribes speech into subtitles and suggested links	Tribe video chat transcribes speech into proposed Links & amp ; subtitles	1
FBI docs claim Clinton took furniture from State	F.B.I. docs say Clinton furniture took State Department stuff.	1
FBI docs claim Clinton took furniture from State	Files from FBI docs alleged Clinton took furniture from State Department	1
FBI docs claim Clinton took furniture from State	F.B.I. docs claim Clinton stole furniture from state department	1
FBI docs claim Clinton took furniture from State	F.B.I. docs say Clinton stole furniture from the State department.	1
Melania proved she's almost as despicable as her husband in fawning CNN interview	Melania Trump Proves She's As Despicable as Her Husband in Fawning CNN Interview	1
It has been two days since you were quoted in a phone interview in a front-page NYT story .	It has been two days since your quote in a NYT front-page story was in a phone interview.	1
American officials knew that the interrogations would be painful . But they said it would not cause lasting harm .	The Americans know that the interrogations would be painful, but they don&rsquo;t see any lasting harm.	1
Ken Bone's Halloween plan Ill dress as me because I look just like me .	The Halloween plan of Ken Bone Ill Dress as Me because I Look Just Like Me	1
Ken Bone's Halloween plan Ill dress as me because I look just like me .	Ken Bones Halloween plan, Ill dress as me because I look just like me.	1
Agencies disagreed over whether some of Hillary Clinton's emails should be considered classified , documents show	Agencies Spectered if Some Clinton Emails Should Be Classified, Documents Show	1
He touched me " wherever he could find a landing spot	SOMETHING WOULD WRING JUST THERE! He touched me'wherever he could find a landing spot	1
He touched me " wherever he could find a landing spot	HE TEST He touched me'wherever he could find a landing spot	1
The Nobel confirms what has long been sensed that Bob Dylan is among the most authentic voices U.S. has produced	Nobel reasserts what long been sensed ; Bob Dylan is among the most authentic voices the United States has ever produced	1
It is no laughing matter Creepy clown sightings have now gone worldwide	Creepy clown sightings everywhere in the world it's no laughing matter	1
It is no laughing matter Creepy clown sightings have now gone worldwide	Creepy clown sightings worldwide No laughing matter	1
Ruth Bader Ginsburg apologizes to Colin Kaepernick after criticizing his national anthem protest	Ruth Bader Ginsburg apologizes to Kaepernick for criticizing #nationalanthem protest	1
Ruth Bader Ginsburg apologizes to Colin Kaepernick after criticizing his national anthem protest	Ruth Bader Ginsburg Apologises to Colin Kaepernick for critiquing National Anthem Protest	1
Our months-long investigation into the ties between white supremacists and Trump .	A Month-long Investigation Into the ties Between Trump and White Supremacy	1
Ain't nobody got time for this . This 911 operator was arrested for hanging up on callers	A 911 operator was arrested for hanging up on callers.	1
Ain't nobody got time for this . This 911 operator was arrested for hanging up on callers	911 operator arrested after hanging up on callers	1
Ain't nobody got time for this . This 911 operator was arrested for hanging up on callers	911 Operator Arrested for Hanging Up on Callers	1
Bob Dylan is a century-defining artist , but he shouldnt have gotten the Nobel	Bob Dylan is a genius of a century, but he shouldn&rsquo;t have got the Nobel	1
How to stop texting and start speaking	Turn off text messaging when speaking	1
The horror is everything the Republicans could tolerate about Trump , and why	The horror is everything the GOP could tolerate about Trump, and why.	1
Microsoft hits a speech recognition milestone with a system just as good as human ears	Microsoft hits a speech recognition milestone with a system as good as human&nbsp;ears	1
Microsoft hits a speech recognition milestone with a system just as good as human ears	Microsoft hits speech recognition milestone with a system just as good as human&nbsp;ears	1
There are TWO TRILLION galaxies in the Universe . And that's not even the coolest thing .	2 trillion galaxies exist. Wow, this is not the coolest thing.	1
Donald Trumps son-in-law discussed the possibility of a Trump-branded TV network with a media deal maker	Trumps son-in-law discussed the possibility of a Trump TV network with a media deal-maker.	1
Donald Trumps son-in-law discussed the possibility of a Trump-branded TV network with a media deal maker	The Trump son-in-law talked about a Trump TV network possibly with a media deal maker	1
Google helps speak truth to power , adds prominence to fact-checks in News	Google adds fact-checks to news Google News helps speak truth to power	1
Google helps speak truth to power , adds prominence to fact-checks in News	Google adds fact-checks to news, helping it speak truth to power	1
Google helps speak truth to power , adds prominence to fact-checks in News	Google is bringing a new level of truth and power to news by adding fact-checks.	1
It Was A " Mistake " To Air So Many Trump Rallies	Is It A " Mistake " To Run So Many Trump Rallies?	1
It Was A " Mistake " To Air So Many Trump Rallies	It Was A &ldquo;Mistake&rdquo; To Air So Many Trump Rallies	1
It Was A " Mistake " To Air So Many Trump Rallies	It Was A & amp ; Mistake To Air So Many Trump Rallies	1
Legal weed is now more popular than Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump	Legalizing weed is now more popular than either @HillaryClinton or @realDonaldTrump	1
Legal weed is now more popular than Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump	Legal marijuana is now more popular than the two Presidential candidates @realDonaldTrump or @HillaryClinton	1
Legal weed is now more popular than Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump	Legalized #marijuana has become more popular than ever before @realDonaldTrump or @HillaryClinton	1
Theyre young , female , secular , and " feminist . Theyre the future of the pro-life movement .	These women are young, female, secular and'feminist. Theyre the future of the pro-life movement '.	1
Theyre young , female , secular , and " feminist . Theyre the future of the pro-life movement .	Theyre young, female, secular and feminist and the future of the pro-life movement.	1
Theyre young , female , secular , and " feminist . Theyre the future of the pro-life movement .	Theyre young, female, secular, and feminist & amp ; theyre the future of the pro-life movement	1
A conversation with David Fahrenthold about you know who	Fahrenthold on " you know who	1
Why Samsung abandoned its popular phone , the Galaxy Note 7	Why Samsung Abandoned Its Galaxy Note 7 Popular Phone	1
Donald Trumps path to the presidency is looking more and more impossible by the day	Trump&rsquo;s Path to the Presidency Is Looking More and Impossible By the Day	1
Donald Trumps path to the presidency is looking more and more impossible by the day	Trump&rsquo;s Path to Presidency Looks &ldquo;impossible by the Day	1
Donald Trumps path to the presidency is looking more and more impossible by the day	Trumps path to presidency looking more and harder by the day	1
Donald Trump has set a time bomb for racial violence on Election Day	Donald Trump is setting a time bomb for racial violence on Election Day. So here goes.	1
Samsung will permanently stop producing the Galaxy Note 7 after reports of the devices catching fire	Samsung will discontinue production of the Galaxy Note 7 if the latest developments catch fire.	1
You don't have to tell me twice ! superfan @Jarrius gets signed LIVE in Times Square !	So you don't have to tell me twice! YES! Superfan Jarrius gets signed LIVE in Times Square!	1
Just like Trump , I avoided paying federal taxes . But now I'm paying .	Just Like Trump, I Avoided Paying Federal Taxes. Now I&squot;m Paying.	1
Donald Trump's tax plan would add to the federal debt and Hillary Clintons wouldnt , study finds	Donald Trump tax plan would add to federal debt and Hillary Clintons would not, study finds	1
Snopes literacy should be required for all US high school diplomas	Snopes should be required for all US high school diplomas	1
We figure Trump's chance of winning the White House is now at 11% .	Trumps odds of winning the White House are now at 11%.	1
We figure Trump's chance of winning the White House is now at 11% .	We estimate Trump's likelihood of winning the White House is at 11%. " property	1
What Ken Bones porn preferences tell us about internet privacy today	Ken Bone's porn history and internet privacy today.	1
What Ken Bones porn preferences tell us about internet privacy today	Ken Bone&rsquo;s Porn Preferences Tell Us About Internet Privacy Today	1
What Ken Bones porn preferences tell us about internet privacy today	Ken Bone: What Ken Bone&rsquo;s Porn Preferences Tell Us About Internet Privacy Today	1
What Ken Bones porn preferences tell us about internet privacy today	Ken Bone&mdash;s porn preference tells us about internet privacy today.	1
Obama on the Trump tape That's not right	Obama says'that's not right'in Trump tape.	1
Where Stalin once vacationed , a Soviet-era sanitarium gets a new life .	Where Stalin Once Vacationed, a Soviet Sanitary Gets A New Life	1
There is a conspiracy to rig the election , and Donald Trump is part of it	There Is a conspiracy to rig the election, and Donald Trump is part ofit	1
There is a conspiracy to rig the election , and Donald Trump is part of it	It's all about the conspiracy to rig the election, and Trump is part of it	1
The Simpsons ' celebrates 600th episode with virtual reality short	celebrating 600th episode with #VR short " The Simpsons	1
TechCrunch tested Periscope Producer to stream Disrupt Powerful & amp ; easy , but embeds cropped , needs	TechCrunch tested Periscope Producer to stream Disrupt Powerful&nbsp;But Embed Powerful & amp ; Easy, but Needs Cropped	1
Related , here's an interesting @mjs_DC piece on the comments and her cred as Notorious RBG	An interesting @mjs_DC piece on comments and her cred as Notorious RBG.	1
Related , here's an interesting @mjs_DC piece on the comments and her cred as Notorious RBG	As noted above, there was an interesting MSDC piece on remarks and her cred as Notorious RBG	1
Do health insurers compete where you live ? R u staying with Contact AP's ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org	Do Health Insuring Compete Where You Live? R u Staying With Contact AP ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org	1
Do health insurers compete where you live ? R u staying with Contact AP's ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org	Do health insurers compete where you live? Find out by emailing ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org	1
in leaked email Saudi Arabia and Qatar are funding ISIS	Leaked email suggests Saudi and Qatar are funding ISIS.	1
in leaked email Saudi Arabia and Qatar are funding ISIS	Leaked emails reveal how Saudis and Qatar are funding ISIS.	1
in leaked email Saudi Arabia and Qatar are funding ISIS	Saudi Arabia and Qatar funding ISIS in Leaked Email	1
Donald Trump tried to seat Bill Clintons accusers in his VIP box . The debate commission threatened to call security	NEXT: Donald Trump tried to seat Bill Clintons accusers in his VIP box. The debate commission threatened to call security to him	1
Milk from Tasmanian devils could help fight superbugs , Australian researchers say	Tasmanian devil milk fights superbugs, Australian researchers say	1
Milk from Tasmanian devils could help fight superbugs , Australian researchers say	Tasmanian devil milk could fight superbugs, Australia researchers say	1
Apple reportedly doesnt want to build a car anymore just its brain	Apple reportedly doesn&rsquo;t want to build a car anymore just its&nbsp;brain	1
A decentralized web would give power back to the peopleonline	Decentralized Web Would Give Power Back to People&rsquo;online	1
A decentralized web would give power back to the peopleonline	Decentralized web would give power back to the people&nbsp;online	1
A decentralized web would give power back to the peopleonline	Decentralized web will give people&nbsp;power back&nbsp;online	1
A decentralized web would give power back to the peopleonline	Decentralized web would give power back to people Online	1
A look at the rapid decline of New Jersey Transit , one of the nation's busiest commuter railroads	A Look at the Rapid Decline of New Jersey Transit, One of the Nation&rsquo;s Busiest Convoy Railroads	1
Black is not a weapon Celebrities star in stunning PSA against police brutality	Black Is Not a Weapon Celebrities Star in Super Smashing PSA Against Police Blame	1
Black is not a weapon Celebrities star in stunning PSA against police brutality	Black Is Not a Weapon! Celebrities Stroll in Amazing PSA Against Police Brilliance	1
Black is not a weapon Celebrities star in stunning PSA against police brutality	Black Is Not a Weapon Celebrities Star in Amazing PSA Against Police Blunder	1
Black is not a weapon Celebrities star in stunning PSA against police brutality	Black is not a weapon Celebrities in stunning PSA against police brutality	1
Netflix shares soar as video service posts jump in subscribers	Netflix shares soar as video service subscribers jump	1
A conversation about sex and power in the 2016 campaign , with 3 women who cover it	In the 2016 campaign, a conversation about sex and power with three women who cover it.	1
We're all going to have to bookmark this , alas .	Sorry, Oops! We're all going to have to bookmark this.	1
Female supporters explain why they want Donald Trump to be president	Women backers of Trump explain why they want him to be president	1
Amazon only needs a minute of human labor to ship your next package	Amazon ships your next order with a minute of human labor.	1
Someone's going to get hurt has become a common refrain in American newsrooms , @jimrutenberg writes	JIMRUTH - In American newsrooms, people say " someone is going to get hurt.	1
Former ' Black Men for Bernie ' leader now backing Trump	BP : Former 'Black Men for Bernie' leader now backing Trump	1
Former ' Black Men for Bernie ' leader now backing Trump	Former  Black Men for Bernie '' leader now backing @realDonaldTrump	1
Is there Apprentice footage of Donald Trump saying the N-word ?	Is There Apprentice Footage of Trump Saying the N-Word? Hmmm.	1
Is there Apprentice footage of Donald Trump saying the N-word ?	Is There Apprentice Footage of Donald Trump Saying the N-Word? Not sure.	1
Is there Apprentice footage of Donald Trump saying the N-word ?	Is There Apprentice Footage of Trump Saying the N-Word? Trump Is Saying the N-Word.	1
Google acquires FameBit to connect YouTube creators with brands	Google acquires FameBit to connect YouTube creators with&nbsp;market	1
Google acquires FameBit to connect YouTube creators with brands	Google acquires FameBit to connect YouTube creators with&nbsp;brands	1
Google acquires FameBit to connect YouTube creators with brands	Google acquires FameBit to connect YouTube creators with a&nbsp;brands	1
Google acquires FameBit to connect YouTube creators with brands	Google acquires FameBit to connect YouTube creators&nbsp;with&nbsp;brands	1
Google acquires FameBit to connect YouTube creators with brands	Google acquires FameBit to connect YouTube creators and&nbsp;brands	1
Google acquires FameBit to connect YouTube creators with brands	Google acquiring FameBit to connect YouTube creators with&nbsp;brands	1
45% of the University of California's full-time administrative workers sometimes go hungry , study finds	45% of U of C's full-time administrative staff sometimes go hungry, study finds	1
Hillary Clinton is pushing into red states with an offensive aimed at extending her growing lead over Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton Pushes Into Clinton Red States With Offfensive aimed at extending her Growing Lead Over Donald Trump	1
Winnie-the-Pooh is back with a new friend a penguin named Penguin	Winnie-the-Pooh gets a new friend Penguin is finally back!	1
The incomplete list of Bob Dylan songs that changed the course of history	Bob Dylan songs that changed the course of history The incomplete list of Bob Dylan songs	1
Donald Trump says he might meet with Putin before inauguration	AP tweeted the most recent Trump'speculation '. But President-Elect Trump says he might meet with Putin before inauguration	1
How a tweet can be considered assault	How to qualify a tweet for being an assault:	1
How a tweet can be considered assault	What is the role of a twitter account as an assault	1
How a tweet can be considered assault	What Causes a Tweet to Be An assault	1
I think we should take a drug test prior to the debate	To take a drug test before debate is my opinion.	1
These lies " are nothing more than " false smears	These lies are'false smears'. They are all " lies "	1
-led offensive to retake Mosul has begun . It's one of the biggest military operations in Iraq since 2003 .	Offensive to Retake Mosul Begun: Mosul is the largest military operation in Iraq since 2003	1
-led offensive to retake Mosul has begun . It's one of the biggest military operations in Iraq since 2003 .	-Led offensive to retake Mosul, one of the biggest military operations in Iraq since 2003.	1
-led offensive to retake Mosul has begun . It's one of the biggest military operations in Iraq since 2003 .	The Iraqi Army has begun the offensive to retake Mosul, one of the biggest military operations in Iraq since 2003.	1
How did Pennsylvanias criminal justice system fail this profoundly ?	How Did Pennsylvania&rsquo;s Criminal Justice System Fail This Deeply?	1
How did Pennsylvanias criminal justice system fail this profoundly ?	Why Did Pennsylvania&rsquo;s Criminal Justice System FAIL This Deeply?	1
Facebook may be testing its Snapchat-like ' Messenger Day ' in Australia	Facebook to Test Snapchat-like Messenger Day in Australia	1
Twitter's woes signal the end of the social wars	Twitters woes mark the end of the social wars	1
Twitter's woes signal the end of the social wars	Twitters woes signal the end of the social wars.	1
Twitter's woes signal the end of the social wars	Twitter's woes signal the end of the social&nbsp;wars	1
Twitter's woes signal the end of the social wars	Twitters woes signal the end of the social&nbsp;wars	1
Google will launch dedicated search results for mobile	Google will start a separate search for Mobile on	1
Google will launch dedicated search results for mobile	Google is preparing to launch dedicated mobile search results for.	1
Leaked emails show that old tensions between Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama's inner circle occasionally surfaced	Leaked Emails Show Old Tensions Between Clinton, Obama Internal Circle Occasionally Arise	1
Misogyny is back . But did it ever go away ?	Misogyny : Women Face Misogyny. Did It Ever Go Away?	1
Do you ever wonder what all the bottled water youre drinking is doing to the planet ? Take this quiz and find out .	How Does All the Bottled Water We Drink Are Doing to the Earth? Take this quiz and find out!	1
Do you ever wonder what all the bottled water youre drinking is doing to the planet ? Take this quiz and find out .	Do you ever wonder what all the bottled water you&rsquo;re drinking is doing to the planet&rsquo;? Take this quiz and find out.	1
Why Trump doubled down on the Central Park Five	Trump doubled down on the Central Park Five. Why Trump doubled down on the	1
A 44% pay divide for female and male law partners , survey says	A 44% Pay Divide for Female & amp ; Male Law Partners, Survey Says	1
Can the U.S. win this election ?	US election: Can the U.S. win?	1
One person who isn't a fan of Baldwins hilarious Trump impersonation ?	One Person Who Isn&rsquo;t a Fan of Baldwin&rsquo;s Hilarious Trump Impersonation?	1
fun for kids , torture for parents	For Parents: Fun for Kids, Torture for Parents Here's the full story	1
Tributes paid to Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej who has died at the age of 88	Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej dies at 88. He was 88.	1
Investigators believe a Connecticut plane crash that killed a student pilot was intentional , a federal official said	The crash of a student pilot in Connecticut was intentional, investigators say, according to a federal official.	1
Trump launches blistering attack on media , accusers after sexual assault claims	Trump launches blistering attack on #media and accusers after #sexassault claims	1
I'd advise Mr Trump to stop whining and try to make his case to get votes	Trump should'stop whining '. he must make a whole case for his support	1
A black doctor said she tried to aid a passenger but a flight attendant said , " We are looking for actual physicians	BLACK DOctor says she tried to help passenger, but airline attendant said " We are looking for actual physicians'ht	1
Trump back to dark , ominous music in new ad and goes after HRC health	Trump back to dark, ominous music in new ad and goes after HRC&nbsp;health	1
Trump back to dark , ominous music in new ad and goes after HRC health	Trump goes after HRC. He's back to dark, ominous music, in new ad & amp ; goes after HRC ht	1
Most parents work 9 to 5 . Why do most schools still end around 3 ?	What Parents Work 9 to 5, Why Do Most Schools End Around 3?	1
CIA weighs cyber strike against Russia in retaliation for alleged interference in US election	The CIA is considering a possible cyber strike against Russia as a way to punish alleged Russian interference in the election	1
Peter Thiel to Donate $1.25 Million in Support of Donald Trump	Thiel donates $1.25 Million to #DonaldTrump campaign	1
Peter Thiel to Donate $1.25 Million in Support of Donald Trump	Peter Thiel donating $1.25 million to President-Elect Donald Trump	1
Donald Trumps campaign is imploding . But at his rallies , the man is still king .	Trump&rsquo;s Campaign Is Imploding. But at His Rallies, the Man is Still King.	1
How well the Mosul campaign goes will help define Obama's legacy as a wartime leader	How well the campaign goes in Mosul will help define Obama&rsquo;s legacy as a wartime leader	1
What's really behind Donald Trump's obsession with Hillary Clinton's " stamina " ?	Whats Really Behind Trump's Obsession With @HillaryClinton's Stamina?	1
What's really behind Donald Trump's obsession with Hillary Clinton's " stamina " ?	What's really behind Trump's obsession with Clinton&rsquo;s stamina?	1
What's really behind Donald Trump's obsession with Hillary Clinton's " stamina " ?	What's really behind @realDonaldTrump's obsession with #HillaryClinton's stamina?	1
Fox News Poll Clinton tops Trump by 6 points	Hillary Clinton in the Fox News Poll Tops Trump by 6 Points	1
Donald Trump isn't making it easy for Republicans	Donald Trump Isn&rsquo;t Making It Easy for Republicans	1
Donald Trump isn't making it easy for Republicans	Donald Trump Isnt Making It Easy For Republicans	1
Donald Trump isn't making it easy for Republicans	Trump isnt making it easy for Republicans	1
Donald Trump isn't making it easy for Republicans	Donald Trumps Not Making It Easy for Republicans	1
Donald Trump isn't making it easy for Republicans	Trump Doesn&rsquo;t Make It Easy for Republicans	1
The common wisdom , as research verifies , is that most men want sons . That's starting to shift .	Study Verifies: Most Men Want Sons. That's starting to shift.	1
The common wisdom , as research verifies , is that most men want sons . That's starting to shift .	Well, it's starting to shift. The Common View As Research Verifies Is That Most Men Want Sons.	1
Trump's ' standard redneck ' base is what I grew up in	Trump&rsquo;s'standard redneck&rsquo; base is what I grew up in	1
Trump's ' standard redneck ' base is what I grew up in	For Trump, The Standard Redneck Is What I grew Up in	1
Trump's ' standard redneck ' base is what I grew up in	In some cases this is exactly what I grew up in. Trump's'Standard Redneck'base is what I grew up in.	1
Trump's ' standard redneck ' base is what I grew up in	Donald Trumps  Standard Redneck '' base is what I grew up in	1
Anti-Semitism has taken on a new dimension in the United States	Anti-Semitic Activities are a New Dimension in America	1
Anti-Semitism has taken on a new dimension in the United States	Anti-Semitic Anti-Semitic Dialogue Takes New Dimension in United States	1
Anti-Semitism has taken on a new dimension in the United States	Anti-Semitic Attacks Take On a New Dimension in U.S.	1
Anti-Semitism has taken on a new dimension in the United States	Anti-Semitic Issues Rise to New Dimension in United States	1
Anti-Semitism has taken on a new dimension in the United States	Anti-Semitic Action Takes on New Dimension in United States	1
Bob Dylan was recognized for " new poetic expressions within the great American song tradition	Bob Dylan Honored for New Poetic Expressions Within Great American Song Tradition" property	1
Bob Dylan was recognized for " new poetic expressions within the great American song tradition	Bob Dylan Recognized for New Poem Expressions in Great American Song Tradition	1
Comparing Trump to an insect turned out to be too mild , writes @richardconniff	@richardconniff compares @realDonaldTrump to an insect turned out to be too mild	1
Comparing Trump to an insect turned out to be too mild , writes @richardconniff	RICHARD CONNIFF: comparing Trump to an insect turned out to be too mild	1
Was Melania's pussy bow a feminist signal , a going rogue or a sartorial diss of his critics ?	Shear Diss of the Critics Melanias Pussy Bow Was This a Feminism Signal, a Going Rogue or a Sartorial Diss of His Critics?	1
Was Melania's pussy bow a feminist signal , a going rogue or a sartorial diss of his critics ?	Melania Sanders' Pussy Bow Was a Feminist Signal, a Go Rogue or a Sartorial Diss of Critics?	1
Was Melania's pussy bow a feminist signal , a going rogue or a sartorial diss of his critics ?	Was Melania's pussy bow a feminist signal, a go-rogue or a sartorial diss of critics?	1
Was Melania's pussy bow a feminist signal , a going rogue or a sartorial diss of his critics ?	Melania's pussy bow a feminist signal, a going rogue, or a sartorial diss of critics?	1
Was Melania's pussy bow a feminist signal , a going rogue or a sartorial diss of his critics ?	YES, that's what you mean! Melania's pussy bow was a feminist signal, a going rogue or a sartorial diss of critics?	1
Was Melania's pussy bow a feminist signal , a going rogue or a sartorial diss of his critics ?	Was Melania's Pussy Bow a Feminist Signal, a Going Rogue, or a Sartoric Dissension of Criticisms?	1
Was Melania's pussy bow a feminist signal , a going rogue or a sartorial diss of his critics ?	Whether it was Melania's pussy bow, a feminist signal, a go rogue or a sartorial diss of his critics?	1
Syrian Jaber Albakr , arrested in Germany for an alleged terror plot , has committed suicide in prison	Syria's Jaber Albakr, arrested in Germany for terror plot, commits suicide in prison.	1
Chris Wallaces debate role is a bright spot in a dark year for Fox News	Chris Wallace&rsquo;s Debate Role is a Bright Spot in a Dark Year for Fox News	1
Chris Wallaces debate role is a bright spot in a dark year for Fox News	Chris Wallaces debate role is a bright spot in a dark year for @FoxNews	1
Donald Trump says SNL is part of a conspiracy to rig the election and should be canceled	Donald Trump argues that Saturday Night Live is part of a conspiracy to rig the election and should be canceled	1
Mike Pences foreign policy response to 11-year-old girl goes viral	MINSELS'PENCES'foreign policy response to 11-year-old girl goes viral	1
This Navy fighter jet is all decked out in pink to join the fight against breast cancer	A Navy fighter jet painted pink for Breast Cancer Awareness month	1
Celebrate Hamilton Day , an even better math holiday than Pi Day	Hamilton Day, a Better Math Holiday, Is Better Than Pi Day	1
Come at me bro basically what the New York Times lawyer said to Donald Trump's lawyer today .	The New York Times lawyer today said to Trump's lawyer " come at me bro.	1
Under the Constitution , no one could veto a bad nuclear call by a President Trump .	No one could veto a bad nuclear call by President Trump, under the Constitution.	1
Three men arrested , charged with plotting to bomb a mosque and apartment complex in Kansas , DOJ says .	Three men have been charged with plotting to bomb a mosque and apartment complex in Kansas, the US DOJ reports." property	1
Three men arrested , charged with plotting to bomb a mosque and apartment complex in Kansas , DOJ says .	Three men face conspiracy charges for attempting to bomb a Kansas mosque and apartment complex," a government release says. " property	1
PlayStation VR is easily the winner in virtual reality rightnow	PlayStation VR is the winner in #virtualreality rightnow!	1
Donald Trump calls House Speaker Paul Ryan a " very weak and ineffective leader	Donald Trump Calls House Speaker Paul Ryan'Very Weak and Ineffective Leader" property	1
The World Health Organization urged countries to implement a tax on sugary drinks to fight obesity	WHO urges countries to implement tax on sugary drinks to fight obesity	1
The World Health Organization urged countries to implement a tax on sugary drinks to fight obesity	WHO urges countries to introduce tax on sugary drinks to fight obesity	1
The World Health Organization urged countries to implement a tax on sugary drinks to fight obesity	WHO urges nations to introduce tax on sugary drinks in its fight against obesity	1
Some big Republican donors want RNC to cut ties with Trump	Some big Republican donors want RNC to cut ties with @realDonaldTrump	1
Some big Republican donors want RNC to cut ties with Trump	Some big GOP donors want RNC to cut ties with @realDonaldTrump	1
Elizabeth Warren calls Donald Trump a " selfish little sleaze ball	Elizabeth Warren Calls Trump a " Self-Serving Little Sleaze Ball	1
Elizabeth Warren calls Donald Trump a " selfish little sleaze ball	Elizabeth Warren Calls Trump a'Self-Serving Little Sleaze Ball	1
Elizabeth Warren calls Donald Trump a " selfish little sleaze ball	Elizabeth Warren Calls Donald Trump a " Self-Serving Little Sleaze Ball	1
Melania Trump sits down with @AndersonCooper Watch #AC360 on @CNN at 8p ET	Melania Trump sits down with Anderson Cooper Watch & amp ; AC360 on CNN at 8 p ET	1
Melania Trump sits down with @AndersonCooper Watch #AC360 on @CNN at 8p ET	Melania Trump sits down with Anderson Cooperer @AC360 on CNN at 8p ET	1
Did Hillary Clinton delete 33,000 emails ? Did Nafta kill American jobs , as Donald Trump claimed ?	Did Nafta Kill American Jobs, as Trump Claims? Hillary Clinton deleted 33,000 emails	1
Did Hillary Clinton delete 33,000 emails ? Did Nafta kill American jobs , as Donald Trump claimed ?	Did @HillaryClinton delete 33,000 emails? Did Nafta kill American jobs, as Trump claimed?	1
Many politicians reacting to the Trump video spoke about women in possessive terms	Many Politians Reacting to the Trump Video Said About Women in Possession Terms	1
Many politicians reacting to the Trump video spoke about women in possessive terms	Politicians Reaction to Trump Video Said About Women in Possession Terms.	1
What is the measurable impact of campaign ads ? Donald Trump offers a rare chance to find out .	What is the measurable impact of campaign ads? @realDonaldTrump offers a rare chance to find out	1
Was that a presidential debate or a pitch for Trump TV ?	What Was That a Presidential Debate or pitch for Trump TV?	1
Was that a presidential debate or a pitch for Trump TV ?	How about a Presidential Debate or a Pitch for TrumpTV?	1
This tree is older than America , but it was unable to withstand the August heat	Trees Older Than America, but Unable to withstand August Heat	1
This tree is older than America , but it was unable to withstand the August heat	This is the story of a tree that is older than America, but unable to withstand the August heat	1
A case accusing high-ranking Bush officials of 9/11 abuses is heading to the Supreme Court	Bush's Supreme Court Case Accuses 9/11 Officials of Abuses Trump Case Heads to Court	1
A case accusing high-ranking Bush officials of 9/11 abuses is heading to the Supreme Court	Supreme Court to Rule in 9/11 Case Accusing Bush Officials of 9/11 Abuses	1
A case accusing high-ranking Bush officials of 9/11 abuses is heading to the Supreme Court	Case Accusing Bush Officials of 9/11 Abuses Heads to Supreme Court	1
Tight races remain in three battleground states Nevada , North Carolina and Ohio	Thrilling races remain in three battlegrounds, Nevada, North Carolina and Ohio	1
Tight races remain in three battleground states Nevada , North Carolina and Ohio	Tight races remain in three battleground states of #NV, #NorthCarolina and #Ohio	1
Tech companies are increasingly working to make high-speed internet available to every American	In other news Tech companies are increasingly working to make high-speed internet available to every american	1
Tech companies are increasingly working to make high-speed internet available to every American	Tech companies are increasingly working to make high-speed&nbsp;internet available to every American	1
Tail-wagging , licking , sneezing Dog behaviors that are related to its super sense of smell	Tail-wagging, licking, sneezing Dog behaviors related to its super sense of smell htt	1
Ruth Bader Ginsburg calls Colin Kaepernicks national anthem protest " dumb	Ruth Bader Ginsburg Calls Colin Kaepernicks National Anthem Protest & amp ; Dump.	1
Ruth Bader Ginsburg calls Colin Kaepernicks national anthem protest " dumb	Ruth Bader Ginsburg calls Colin Kaepernick&rsquo;s national anthem protest&rsquo;Dumb&rsquo;	1
The @FBI would be at my door if I had tweeted this .	The FBI would be at my door if I tweeted this	1
The @FBI would be at my door if I had tweeted this .	If I tweeted this, @FBI would be at my door.	1
The @FBI would be at my door if I had tweeted this .	If I tweeted this, the FBI would be at my door.'property	1
A terror attack in Germany was averted after Syrians recognized a suspect , tied him up and alerted the authorities	German terrorist attack averted when Syrians saw suspect, tied him up, alerted authorities	1
A terror attack in Germany was averted after Syrians recognized a suspect , tied him up and alerted the authorities	This was all averted Germany, when Syrians saw a suspected terrorist, tied him up and alerted authorities	1
At Maine rally , @realDonaldTrump puts quote marks around " President " Obama .	In Maine rally, #Trump puts quote mark around " President " Obama	1
At Maine rally , @realDonaldTrump puts quote marks around " President " Obama .	Obama. Trump quotes Obama on Twitter. Rally in Maine w/Trump quote.	1
A retired four-star general admits he leaked top-secret info to the media	Retired four-star general admits leak of top-secret info to media	1
Peter Thiel will donate $1.25 M to the Trump campaign , despite the latest controversies	Peter Thiel To Donate $1.25 Million to Trump Campaign, Despite Recent Controversies	1
Peter Thiel will donate $1.25 M to the Trump campaign , despite the latest controversies	Thiel donates $1.25 M to Trump despite latest controversies	1
Now , if CNN were some sort of cable news network , I imagine this might be worrisome	If CNN were some kind of cable news network, this might be worrying	1
Facebook Messenger tells you what to talk about with " Conversation Topics " feature	What to say, with the Conversation Topics feature -Facebook messenger!	1
Facebook Messenger tells you what to talk about with " Conversation Topics " feature	Facebook Messenger says you should talk about by " Conversation Topics " feature	1
Facebook Messenger tells you what to talk about with " Conversation Topics " feature	#Facebook Messenger helps you chat with topics by making #conversational	1
HOW TO HANDLE BILL Clinton debate playbook reveals early spin for sex scandals	Hillary Clinton's battle plan reveals early plan for handling Bill sex scandals	1
Donald Trump , slipping in polls , warns of " stolen election	Donald Trump, slipping in polls, warns of & amp ; #stolenElection #Polls.	1
Warren Buffett to Donald Trump I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944	Buffett to Trump " From Warren Buffett to Donald Trump We have paid federal income tax every year since 1944.	1
Warren Buffett to Donald Trump I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944	Buffett to Trump " I pay federal income tax every year since 1944	1
A local Republican office in North Carolina was firebombed over the weekend	Local GOP office in North Carolina Firebombed Over Weekend	1
I think I used to resent , I'm not sure I do anymore .	I think I used to hate. I'm not sure I do anymore.	1
I think I used to resent , I'm not sure I do anymore .	I thought I once resented, but I don't know if I do anymore.	1
I think I used to resent , I'm not sure I do anymore .	I remember when I used to resent, but I'm not sure I do anymore.	1
I think I used to resent , I'm not sure I do anymore .	I think I used to dislike. I'm not sure I do anymore.	1
I think I used to resent , I'm not sure I do anymore .	I think I used to hate, I'm not sure what I do now.	1
I think I used to resent , I'm not sure I do anymore .	I thought I used to dislike, I'm not sure I do anymore.	1
Actress @shailenewoodley films her own arrest after taking part in protest against the	Actress Shailene Woodley filmes her own arrest after taking part in protest against the government.	1
Forget this " Hillary is unlikable " stuff . Hillary is downright inspiring	Forget This &ldquo;Hillary Is Unlikable&rdquo; Stuff. Is Downright Inspiring.	1
The creator of Atari has launched a new VR company called ModalVR	The creator of Atari has launched a new VR company Modal&nbsp;VR	1
Nazi Republicans , Leave Town NC GOP Office Firebombed	NC GOP Office Firebombed by Nazi Republicans, Leave Town	1
Peter Thiel donates $1.25 million to Donald Trump's campaign	Peter Thiel donating $1.25 million to Trump	1
Peter Thiel donates $1.25 million to Donald Trump's campaign	Peter Thiel donates $1.25 mil to Trump&rsquo;s campaign	1
Peter Thiel donates $1.25 million to Donald Trump's campaign	Peter Thiel donating $1.25M to Trump!	1
Peter Thiel donates $1.25 million to Donald Trump's campaign	Peter Thiel donating $1.25 million to @realDonaldTrump campaign	1
Michael Moores October surprise a new " TrumpLand " documentary opening Wednesday	Michael Moores October Surprise with TrumpLand Documentary Opening Wednesday	1
Michael Moores October surprise a new " TrumpLand " documentary opening Wednesday	Michael Moores October Surprise a new &ldquo;TrumpLand&rdquo; documentary opening Wednesday	1
Michael Moores October surprise a new " TrumpLand " documentary opening Wednesday	Michael Moore's October Surprise a New &ldquo;TrumpLand&rdquo; Documentary Opening Wednesday	1
Michael Moores October surprise a new " TrumpLand " documentary opening Wednesday	Michael Moore's October surprise a new, #TrumpLand documentary opening Wednesday!	1
Here's , um , more about Trump's airplane character witness	What Trump's Airplane Character Witness Looks Like	1
Hurricane Matthew's brutal aftermath in Haiti , in maps and photos	Maps and photos of hurricane Matthews brutal aftermath in Haiti	1
Hurricane Matthew's brutal aftermath in Haiti , in maps and photos	Hurricane Matthews Brutal Aftermath in Haiti: Maps & amp ; Photos	1
Hurricane Matthew's brutal aftermath in Haiti , in maps and photos	Haitis brutal aftermath of Hurricane Matthew, in Maps and Photos	1
Hurricane Matthew's brutal aftermath in Haiti , in maps and photos	Hurricane Matthews brutal aftermath in Haiti, in Maps and Photos	1
Hurricane Matthew's brutal aftermath in Haiti , in maps and photos	Maps and Photos of #HurricaneMatthew's brutal aftermath in Haiti	1
Hurricane Matthew's brutal aftermath in Haiti , in maps and photos	In Maps and Photos Hurricane Matthews brutal aftermath in Haiti	1
he also said in " just about all " cases	So, in'just about all'cases, he also said that	1
US President Obama lifts ban on import of Cuban products including rum , cigars and pharmaceuticals	Obama lifts ban on Cuban rum, cigars and pharmaceuticals	1
US President Obama lifts ban on import of Cuban products including rum , cigars and pharmaceuticals	Obama lifts ban on Cuban rum, cigars & amp ; pharmaceuticals	1
US President Obama lifts ban on import of Cuban products including rum , cigars and pharmaceuticals	Obama lifts ban on Cuban rum, cigars & amp ; other pharmaceuticals.	1
Is your area down to one insurer next year ? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story .	Is your, your region down to one insurer next year? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story.	1
10-times deported Mexican man accused of raping a child on a Greyhound bus	10-times deported Mexican man accused of raping child on #Greyhound bus	1
Judge rebukes Florida's top election official , saying his actions amount to " undeclared war " on right to vote	Judge rebukes Florida's Top Election Official, Saying His Actions 'Alternate War' on the Right to Vote	1
The demand for practiced pastry chefs is increasing , but the wages haven't kept pace	The Demand for Expat Pastry Chefs Is Creasing, but Wages Havent Stayed Pace	1
The time Trump allegedly groped a woman just like hes bragging about on that video	The Time Trump allegedly Groped a Woman Just Like He Was Bagging About On That Video	1
The time Trump allegedly groped a woman just like hes bragging about on that video	The Times Trump allegedly Groped a Woman Just As He Bragged About on That Video	1
13 former George W . Bush officials endorse Hillary Clinton in open letter	13 George W. Bush Officials Support Clinton in Open Letter	1
There is a 19-year-old black man in Illinois who has no idea of the role he is playing in this election	In Illinois, a 19-year-old black man has no idea of the role he is playing in the race	1
Chicago Cubs , with a 4-run 9th inning , edge Giants 6-5 , advance to NL Championship Series	Cubs edge Giants in 9th inning, advance to NLDS With 4-run 9th inning	1
Ched Evans " overwhelmed with relief " at rape acquittal	Ched Evans'overwhelmed with relief'at rape acquitted	1
Ched Evans " overwhelmed with relief " at rape acquittal	Ched Evans'overwhelmed with relief' at rape acquitted	1
Trumps threat to jail Clinton has rattled scholars who study how democracies become dictatorships	Trump&rsquo;s Threat to Jail Clinton Sentenced Scholars Studying How Democracies Become Distortions	1
Trumps threat to jail Clinton has rattled scholars who study how democracies become dictatorships	Trumps threat to jail Clinton irks scholars studying how democracy and dictatorships are formed.	1
Munster Rugby have announced the death of their coach Anthony Foley at the age of 42 . More to follow	Munster team head coach Anthony Foley dead at 42. Stay tuned for updates!	1
Here are the latest updates from Wikileaks ' releases on Clinton campaign chair John Podesta	Latest WikiLeaks releases on Clinton candidate John Podesta The most recent leaks from Wikileaks.	1
Here are the latest updates from Wikileaks ' releases on Clinton campaign chair John Podesta	Latest Wikileaks releases on Clinton campaign chair John Podesta	1
Here are the latest updates from Wikileaks ' releases on Clinton campaign chair John Podesta	Wikileaks releases latest on Clinton Chair John Podesta	1
Here are the latest updates from Wikileaks ' releases on Clinton campaign chair John Podesta	Latest Wikileaks Releases on Clinton Campaign Chair John Podesta	1
Here are the latest updates from Wikileaks ' releases on Clinton campaign chair John Podesta	Latest Wikileaks Releases On Clinton Chair John Podesta	1
Here are the latest updates from Wikileaks ' releases on Clinton campaign chair John Podesta	Latest Releases From Wikileaks On Clinton Chair John Podesta	1
Wells Fargos chief , John Stumpf , will be replaced by Timothy Sloan , its president and chief operating officer	Wells Fargo Chief John Stumpf Will Be Replaced by Timothy Sloan, President & amp ; Chief Operating Officer	1
Wells Fargos chief , John Stumpf , will be replaced by Timothy Sloan , its president and chief operating officer	Wells Fargo Chief John Stumpf, Ill., Will Be Replaced by Timothy Sloan, President and Chief Operating Officer	1
Who's with Trump ? Senate Republicans deeply split in wake of tape controversy	Who's with #Trump? Senate Republicans deeply split in wake of tape controversy.	1
Who's with Trump ? Senate Republicans deeply split in wake of tape controversy	Who&rsquo;s With Trump? Senate Republicans deeply split in wake of tape controversy	1
Donald Trump's call for poll watchers sounds like an invitation to harass minority voters .	Trump's call to watch his polls sounds like an invitation to harass minority voters.	1
Donald Trump's call for poll watchers sounds like an invitation to harass minority voters .	Trump's warning of poll watchers sounds like a way to harass minority voters.	1
Mars is about to get some new inhabitants , both in orbit and on its surface	Mars gets a whole new life, both in orbit and on its surface	1
President Obama plans to highlight the record high school graduation rate	Obama emphasizes record high school graduation rate	1
President Obama plans to highlight the record high school graduation rate	Barack Obama to highlight record high school graduation rate	1
At previous debates , Melania Trump and Bill Clinton shook hands .	Melania Trump and Bill Clinton were shaken hands at debates earlier this year.	1
New @Reuters /Ipsos projection gives Clinton a 95% chance of winning Electoral College vote .	Latest @Reuters/Ipsos Poll: Clinton at 95% Chance of Winning @electoralCollege Vote	1
My Trump-supporting dad and I made a pact not to talk politics . I broke it on Friday	My Trump-Supporting Dad and I Made a Pact Not to Talk Politics. I CROLLED IT OUT On Friday	1
A onetime advice columnist realizes the more she learns about love , the less she knows	As a Former Advice Columnist Reminds Us That the More You Learn About Love, The Less She Knows	1
Trump just body shamed the first female presidential candidate in history .	Trump, Body Shamed First Female Presidential Candidate in History	1
Franois Mitterrand's love letters draw an intimate portrait of the other woman	Like Franois Mitterrand, those love letters, reveal an intimate portrait of the other woman	1
Franois Mitterrand's love letters draw an intimate portrait of the other woman	Within Mitterrand's love letters, what an intimate portrait of the other woman	1
Franois Mitterrand's love letters draw an intimate portrait of the other woman	Love Letters Draw an Intimate Portrait of the Other Woman " @FranoisMitterrand	1
Franois Mitterrand's love letters draw an intimate portrait of the other woman	Through #FranoisMitterrand's love letters we draw an intimate portrait of the other woman.	1
The clandestine Somalia campaign is a blueprint for warfare that Obama has embraced and will pass to his successor	Obama's clandestine Somalia campaign is a blueprint for warfare he will pass to his successor	1
Here's Apple's workaround when your iPhone 7 home button fails by @jonfingas	Here&rsquo;s Apple&rsquo;s Workaround When Your iPhone 7 Home Button Failed by JON FINGAS	1
The Black Panther Party is often associated with armed resistance , but one of its most potent weapons was artwork	Black Panther Party Is often associated with Armistice Resistance, but One of Those Powerful Weapons Was Artwork	1
The Black Panther Party is often associated with armed resistance , but one of its most potent weapons was artwork	A Black Panther Party Is Associated With Armor, but One of Its Most Potent Weapons Was Artwork	1
7 biggest revelations from WikiLeaks release of Podesta emails	7 Biggest revelations from WikiLeaks Podesta emails	1
David Letterman shop at Target these days	Letterman Shops at Target These Days	1
David Letterman shop at Target these days	Letterman Shops at Target These Days. See the GIFs! Letterman Shop at Target These Days	1
Some Americans are cutting up Trump ties , canceling stays at Trump hotels and no longer drinking Trump wines	Some Americans are slashing Trump ties, canceling Trump hotels & amp ; avoiding wine	1
Join us for a chat at 2:30 p.m. ET about confronting racism against Asian-Americans	Come on. Learn more. Live chat 2:30 p.m. ET about confronting racism against Asian-Americans	1
There are TWO TRILLION galaxies in the Universe . And that's not even the coolest thing	Two Trillion Galaxies Are in the Universe, and That&rsquo;s Not the Coolest Thing	1
Can cries of " free speech " be a weapon ? Students say yes .	Free speech cries are " weapons. " Students Say Yes.	1
Donald Trump's campaign manager No , I do not believe " there will be widespread voter fraud	#Trump campaign manager says he does not believe there will be widespread " voter fraud.	1
Donald Trump's campaign manager No , I do not believe " there will be widespread voter fraud	Trumps Campaign Manager: I do not believe there will be widespread voter fraud	1
Donald Trump's campaign manager No , I do not believe " there will be widespread voter fraud	Trump's campaign manager: I do not believe'there will be widespread voter fraud	1
Alt Right trolls argue for hours with Twitter bot	Alt - Right trolls argue for hours with Twitter bot.  The Twitter Bot.	1
Florida youth football coach shot , killed in front of horrified team	FL youth football coach shot and killed in front horrified team	1
Samsung estimates a $2.3 billion loss over its Galaxy Note 7 troubles	Samsung Says it Has a $2.3B Loss Over Galaxy Note 7	1
In face of Brexit , the EU seems to be pulling together	In Face of Brexit, Signs of E.U. Pulling Together	1
In face of Brexit , the EU seems to be pulling together	As Brexit Nears, the EU Pulls Together	1
Trump just went full anime . You never go full anime .	Trump just went full anime. You never go full.	1
Trump just went full anime . You never go full anime .	Trump Just Goed Full Anime. You Never Go Full Anime.	1
Trump just went full anime . You never go full anime .	Trump just went full anim anime you never go full ht	1
Duolingos new chatbots help you brush up on your foreign language conversationskills	The new Chatbots Help Duolingo Brush Up on Your Foreign Language Conversationskills	1
Duolingos new chatbots help you brush up on your foreign language conversationskills	New #Duolingo chatbots brush up on your foreign language conversationkills	1
Duolingos new chatbots help you brush up on your foreign language conversationskills	Duolingos new chatbots help you brush up on your foreign language chatskills	1
In 1988 , George H.W. Bush found the idea of Donald Trump in office to be " strange and unbelievable	In 1988 George H.W. Bush found the idea of Donald Trump in office 'unbelievable & amp ; strange ''	1
In 1988 , George H.W. Bush found the idea of Donald Trump in office to be " strange and unbelievable	George H.W. Bush found the idea of Donald Trump in office'strange and unbelievable'in 1988.	1
Protests over race relations have roiled sports . The Giants met with Cory Booker to find ways to get involved .	The Giants met with Cory Booker on how to get involved in race relations	1
Iraqi operation to recapture Mosul from so-called Islamic State is under way	Operation to retake Mosul from #ISIS under way In Iraq	1
I believe the media is more crooked than crooked Hillary and that's a lot	The media is more crooked than crooked Hillary and that's a lot of.	1
The math is grim for Donald Trump	The math is grim for @realDonaldTrump.	1
The math is grim for Donald Trump	The math is grim for @realDonaldTrump	1
European Union should prepare for returning jihadists following Mosul battle , EU's security commissioner warns	EU should prepare for returning jihadists following Mosul battle, E.U. Security Commissioner warns	1
Paul Ryan's off , then on , then off again relationship with Donald Trump	Paul Ryan Said Off, Then Off, and Then Off With Donald Trump.	1
Paul Ryan's off , then on , then off again relationship with Donald Trump	Ryan was off, then on, then off again & amp ; Trump. But now he is off with Trump.	1
Paul Ryan's off , then on , then off again relationship with Donald Trump	Ryan's off, then on, then off relationship w/DonaldTrump	1
Donald Trump's " continued flattery " of Putin is " unprecedented in American politics	Trump's'continued flattery'of Putin is'unparalleled in American politics" property	1
The definitive guide to cord-cutting in 2016 , based on your habits	The definitive guide to cord-cutting in 2016 from the sources of your habits	1
Donald Trump pushed back against what he called " false smears " from women who claimed unwanted advances	Donald Trump Rejects Fumbled Smears From Women Who Claim Unwanted Advances	1
Donald Trump pushed back against what he called " false smears " from women who claimed unwanted advances	Trump Rejects Claims of False Smears From Women Who Reported Theyre Unwanted Advances	1
Hillary Clinton is narrowing in on Donald Trump's lead in Texas , according to a new poll	Hillary Clinton Is Sliming in on Trump's Lead in Texas According to New Poll	1
Bollywood actress @priyankachopra apologises after modelling an " insensitive " top for a magazine cover	Bollywood actress Priyanka Chopra apologises after modelling 'insensitive' top for a magazine cover.	1
Its the Great Pumpkin , Charlie Brown ' special celebrates its 50th anniversary this month .	It's the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown'special celebrates 50th anniversary this month	1
Fears for child bride Zeinab Sekaanvand who could be hanged within days in Iran	Fears Iran could hang child bride Zeinab Sekaanvand within days	1
Fears for child bride Zeinab Sekaanvand who could be hanged within days in Iran	Fears Iran could hang child bride Zeinab Sekaanvand for days	1
The Funniest Living Writers Choose the Funniest Books in the World	The funniest living writers choose the funniest books in the world. Its that simple	1
Glenn Beck says opposing Trump is " moral , ethical " even if it means Clinton wins	Glenn Beck Says Opposing @realDonaldTrump Is Moral, Ethical Even if Clinton Wins	1
Glenn Beck says opposing Trump is " moral , ethical " even if it means Clinton wins	Glenn Beck says opposing @realDonaldTrump is moral, ethical Even if @HillaryClinton wins	1
He's fine with the system when he wins the primary , but now he's pre-emptively claiming precinct-level fraud ?	When I win the primary, I'm fine with the system, but now i'm pre-emptively claiming precinct-level fraud?	1
Trump embraces the new tone of his campaign .	Trump embraces new tone of campaign	1
Airbnb will crack down on New Yorkers who rent out multiple homes , bowing to pressure from local politicians	Airbnb to Crack Down on New Yorkers Renting Multiple Homes, bowing to pressure from local politicians	1
Voices of Wells Fargo employees From that point , I began drinking the hand sanitizer	Wells Fargo employees confess they had to drink hand sanitizer at that point	1
It lost black voters . Now its losing Latinos . Whats left is a broken , white GOP	Its losing Latinos. Its losing black voters. What&rsquo;s left is a broken, white GOP	1
It lost black voters . Now its losing Latinos . Whats left is a broken , white GOP	It Lost Black Voters. Now Its Losing Latinos. What&rsquo;s Left Is a Broken, White GOP	1
Check out the weekly round-up from the NPR Politics podcast .	Check out the NPR Politics Podcast'weekly round-up.	1
Check out the weekly round-up from the NPR Politics podcast .	Check out the NPR Politics Podcast weekly round-up	1
Check out the weekly round-up from the NPR Politics podcast .	Check out our Weekly Roundup from the NPR Politics Podcast this week.	1
Check out the weekly round-up from the NPR Politics podcast .	Check out the NPR Politics podcast weekly round-up	1
Check out the weekly round-up from the NPR Politics podcast .	Check out the NPR Politics Podcast's weekly round-up!	1
A conversation about sex , power and the 2016 campaign , with 3 women who cover it	3 women from the 2016 campaign on Sex and Power. They talk about it.	1
Pokmon Go players took 26% more steps than before using the app , a new study finds	@PokmonGo users took 26% more steps than before using the app, new study finds	1
Trump says EVERYTHING is broken , rigged , awful , a disaster	Donald Trump says the world is a disaster, broken, rigged, awful & amp ; disaster	1
Trump says EVERYTHING is broken , rigged , awful , a disaster	Donald Trump Says Everything is Broken, Rigged, Devastating	1
Our executive editor Dean Baquet called this story , " some of the year's most important journalism	Dean Baquet and E-Editor Dean Baquet call this story " some of the year's most important journalism	1
Schedule your time more deliberately so you can be a better friend and family member	Invest in yourself in scheduling your time more intentionally so that you can be a better friend or family member.	1
The married journalist who rejected Trumps advances ? He later tried to fire her	The married journalist who rejected Trump&rsquo;s advances? He later tried to fire her.	1
The married journalist who rejected Trumps advances ? He later tried to fire her	The Married Journalist Who Rejected Trumps Advances? He Later Tried to Fire Her. Read More	1
Putin backs WW2 " myth " in new Russian film	Putin backs WW2  myth '' in new Russia film.	1
Putin backs WW2 " myth " in new Russian film	Russia's Putin backs WW2'Myth'in new movie	1
How Donald Trump hacked the politics of foreign policy in ways that could outlast his candidacy	How Trump Hacked the Politics of Foreign Policy. This could Outlast His Candidate.	1
Dear God , maybe Trump is right and Scalia was murdered .	Dear God, maybe Trump is right & amp ; Scalia was murdered.	1
TripAdvisor will no longer sell tickets to animal attractions like elephant rides and dolphin swims	TripAdvisor will no longer sell tickets to attraction animals like elephant rides & amp ; dolphin swims	1
How artificial intelligence is changing online retail forever	Artificial intelligence is changing online retailing for good.	1
How artificial intelligence is changing online retail forever	How AI will alter online retail&nbsp;forever	1
Where should you live to escape climate change ? Welcome to Boise !	Where Should You Live To Escape Climate Change? I'm in Boise!	1
Putin orders Russian officials ' relatives studying abroad to return home , reports claim	Putin orders Russian officials'relatives studying abroad to return home, report.	1
Pedals , known for walking upright , was thought to have been one of 487 bears killed by hunters in N.J. last week	Pedals known for walking upright believed to be one of 487 bears killed by hunters in New Jersey last week	1
Female comics are mocking the double standards behind the dislike of Hillary Clinton	Female Comics mock the Double Standards Behind the Deprivation of Clinton	1
Female comics are mocking the double standards behind the dislike of Hillary Clinton	Female Comics Hottle the Duplicate Standards Behind the Hate of #HillaryClinton	1
Female comics are mocking the double standards behind the dislike of Hillary Clinton	Female Comics Demonstrate the Double Standards Behind the Despair of Clinton	1
Give that writer a ticket ! A new program will let playwrights see theater for free .	The new Free Theater Program aims to give playwrights the opportunity to see theatre for free	1
Come on , man Obama openly wonders why anyone would believe Donald Trumps many claims	Come on, man Obama opensly wonders why anyone would believe Trump&rsquo;s many claims	1
These soft robotic muscles could help with physical therapy	Soft robotic muscles could be used for physical therapy!	1
Rare surgery to separate brothers conjoined at head @drsanjaygupta is at @MontefioreNYC	A rare surgery to separate brothers conjoined at the head is in progress at the @MentefioreNYC, @DrsanjayGupta	1
You'd be surprised by how much you can learn about the U.S. from this map	From this amazing map of #America, you'll learn much more about #America.	1
Are we entering a new Cold War ?	A new Cold War?	1
Are we entering a new Cold War ?	Were we in a new Cold War? Were we in a new Cold War?	1
President Obama explains why you can't run the US like a startup	President Obama explains why you cant run the US like a&nbsp;startup	1
Facebook embraces utility with food ordering , ticketing , and recommendations	Facebook embraces utility with food ordering, ticketing & amp ; recommendations	1
Facebook embraces utility with food ordering , ticketing , and recommendations	Facebook embraces utility with food ordering, ticketing&nbsp;and recommendations	1
Facebook embraces utility with food ordering , ticketing , and recommendations	Facebook embraces utility with food ordering&nbsp;and #ticketing&nbsp;and recommendations	1
They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam . At first they ate rice and maize . Then food became scarce .	They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam at first ate rice and maize, then scarce food became.	1
Over 170 countries agreed to cut a planet-warming chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators	Over 170 countries agreed to cut greenhouse gases and reduce its use in air-conditioners and refrigerators	1
I could see myself " meeting with Vladimir Putin even before I'm president	Having a vision for'meeting with Putin before'president is what I could see myself	1
I could see myself " meeting with Vladimir Putin even before I'm president	Then I could see myself'meeting with Putin before I'm president.	1
House Speaker Paul Ryan slams Hillary Clinton and " liberal progressivism	Ryan blasts Clinton for'liberal progressivism " House speaker Ryan slams ht	1
Trump promises further attacks against Clintons if more tapes of his conduct are released	Trump threatening more attacks on Clinton if more tapes of his conduct are released	1
Trump promises further attacks against Clintons if more tapes of his conduct are released	Trump will escalate his assault on Clinton if more tapes of his conduct are released.	1
A father of 4 in Sana , Yemen , describes life in a war zone	Father of 4 in Sana, Yemen, Reites on War Zones	1
Cut her mic ! Ben Carson tries to silence @KattyKayBBC on live morning TV show	Cut Your Mic! Ben Carson Attempts to Silence Katty KayBBC on Live Morning TV Show	1
How the U.S. became more involved in the war in Yemen	How the U.S. Became More Embracable in the Yemen War	1
How the U.S. became more involved in the war in Yemen	Why the US intervened in the Yemen War	1
How the U.S. became more involved in the war in Yemen	How the U.S. Became More Into The War in #Yemen	1
Updating the list of accusations against Trump as we speak .	Updates on the list of accusations against Donald Trump as we speak	1
Updating the list of accusations against Trump as we speak .	Update the list of accusations against Trump, as we speak	1
Watch SNL abandon their VP debate sketch to address the Trump pussy-grabbing fiasco	Watch Saturday Night Live Abandoned Their VP Debate Sketch to Address Trump's Pussy-Grabbing Fiasco	1
Watch SNL abandon their VP debate sketch to address the Trump pussy-grabbing fiasco	Watch SNL'leave VP debate sketch to address Trump's pussy-grabbing fiasco	1
How VR helped me grasp the life of a transgender wheelchair user	VR helped me grasp the life of a transgender wheelchair user.	1
How VR helped me grasp the life of a transgender wheelchair user	VR has helped me grasp the life of a transgender wheelchair user	1
Giuliani says he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero . Here are photos of them together	Giuliani says he never saw Hillary @ Ground Zero. Here are photos of them in photos.	1
Giuliani says he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero . Here are photos of them together	Giuliani says he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero. Here are photos of her there together	1
At Wells Fargo , complaints about fraudulent accounts since 2005	Complaints About Fraudulent Accounts Since 2005 @WellsFargo	1
At Wells Fargo , complaints about fraudulent accounts since 2005	Wells Fargo says its faced a number of complaints about fraudulent accounts since 2005.	1
The NYT review of Googles Pixel smartphone	Google Pixel Review New York Times	1
Scotland Yard is charging a Cardiff man for teaching people how to use crypto software	Scotland Yard to charge Cardiff man for teaching people to use crypto Software	1
Scotland Yard is charging a Cardiff man for teaching people how to use crypto software	Scotland Yard to Charge Cardiff Man for Teaching People How to Use Crypto-Software	1
Scotland Yard is charging a Cardiff man for teaching people how to use crypto software	Scotland Yard to charge Cardiff man for teaching people to use #cryptosoftware	1
Scotland Yard is charging a Cardiff man for teaching people how to use crypto software	Scotland Yard is charging Cardiff man for teaching people how to use crypto&nbsp;software	1
We asked Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump your questions . Only Mrs. Clintons campaign responded .	Just ask @Clinton and @Trump your questions. Only @HillaryClintons campaign responded.	1
We asked Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump your questions . Only Mrs. Clintons campaign responded .	We asked Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump a question about their campaign, and only Mrs. Clinton responded.	1
The group currently has more than 20 active lawsuits involving Hillary Clinton	The group currently has more than 20 active lawsuits involving #HillaryClinton.	1
Remote Year raises $12 million to combine remote work and global travel	Remote Year raises $12 million to combine remote work and global&nbsp;travel	1
Remote Year raises $12 million to combine remote work and global travel	Remote Year raises $12M to combine Remote Work & amp ; Global Travel	1
Remote Year raises $12 million to combine remote work and global travel	Remote Year raises $12M to combine remote work&nbsp;and global&nbsp;travel	1
Remote Year raises $12 million to combine remote work and global travel	Remote Year raises $12m to combine remote work & amp ; global travel	1
Remote Year raises $12 million to combine remote work and global travel	Remote Year raises $12M to combine remote work and&nbsp;globaltravel	1
Remote Year raises $12 million to combine remote work and global travel	Remote year raises $12M to combine remote work + global&nbsp;travel	1
tweet me your first assaults Within hours , she was getting over 50 responses a minute .	tweeting your first assault within hours, she was getting over 50 responses a minute.	1
tweet me your first assaults Within hours , she was getting over 50 responses a minute .	tweeting your first assaults within hours, she was getting more than 50 responses a minute.	1
New Smithsonian museum ignores Justice Thomas legacy , despite focus on Anita Hill	The Smithsonian just added a newest museum that ignores the Justice Thomas legacy, despite its focus on Anita Hill	1
The language that politicians used to chastise Donald Trump said a lot about their own attitudes toward women	The language politicians used to chastise Trump meant a lot about their own attitudes toward women.	1
Trump Jr. on @nytimes report I've never heard anything dumber in my life	Trump Jr. on New York Times report & amp ; I've never heard anything dumber in my life.	1
Trump Jr. on @nytimes report I've never heard anything dumber in my life	Trump Jr. on NYT report: "I've never heard anything dumber in my life."" property	1
That was incredibly weird , gross , and disturbing , even if youre partly inured to Trump	This was incredibly weird, gross and disturbing, even if you&squot;re only partially inured to Trump.	1
That was incredibly weird , gross , and disturbing , even if youre partly inured to Trump	It Was incredibly Strange, Gross, and Distracting, Even if Youre Part Inured to Trump	1
That was incredibly weird , gross , and disturbing , even if youre partly inured to Trump	That Was incredibly Strange, Gross, and Disgusting, Even If You&rsquo;re Part Inured to Donald Trump	1
Researchers accidentally turn carbon dioxide into ethanol	Scientists accidentally turn CO2 into ethanol.	1
This is Trump's America . We're better than this .	This Is Trumps America. Were Better Than This. #TrumpTrumpTheAgora is NOT THEIR TRUMP	1
This is Trump's America . We're better than this .	Trump's America. We're better than this.	1
This is Trump's America . We're better than this .	Trump's America. Were better than that" property	1
This is Trump's America . We're better than this .	Trump's America: We're better than this" property	1
This is Trump's America . We're better than this .	This is Trump's America. We&rsquo;re better than this.	1
This is Trump's America . We're better than this .	Trumps America And Were Better Than This	1
Your surgeon is probably a Republican . Your psychiatrist probably isn't .	Your Surgeon Is Probably a Republican. Your Psychiatrist Probably Doesnt.	1
A conversation between @IChotiner and @Fahrenthold on you know who	Chat With IChotiner & amp ; Fahrenthold on who they are	1
A conversation between @IChotiner and @Fahrenthold on you know who	IChotiner and Fahrenthold on who we are	1
The savvy person's guide to reading the latest polls	The Smart Person's Guide to Reading the Latest Polls	1
The savvy person's guide to reading the latest polls	The Smart Persons Guide to Reading Latest Polls	1
His twin passions are fighting climate change and electing Donald Trump	Trump's dual passions fight climate change and elect Trump	1
New FBI files contain allegations of senior State Department official's ' quid pro quo	New FBI files contain allegations of top State Department official's'quid pro quo'@JasonGibson	1
Think you can beat @willapaskin in the Slate News Quiz ?	Think You&rsquo;re Smarter Than Slate&rsquo;s Willapaskin? Find Out In The News Quiz.	1
Is New Zealand rugby in crisis ?	New Zealand rugby'in crisis? What do you think?	1
Ohhhhhhh shiyat you guys she just went full " Mike " from @BreakingBad_AMC	shiyat ya, yeah, she just went full " Mike " from the Breaking Bad AMC	1
Wells Fargo said account openings have taken a nose-dive since the scandal over illegal activity at the bank erupted	Wells Fargo says account openings have taken a nose-dive since scandal over bank's illegal activity	1
Dow gains 76 points . Harley-Davidson zooms 9% on sales boost from new engine and more job cuts .	Harley-Davidson Sales Up and Job Cuts. Dow rises by 76 points	1
Marmite could be the first tangible victim of " Brexit	Marmite Is the First Expense of Brexit&rsquo;s Impact	1
23 states and a number of groups are suing over the new definition of sex	23 States & amp ; a number of groups are suing over the new definition of sex.	1
23 states and a number of groups are suing over the new definition of sex	23 states & amp ; a number of groups are suing over the new definition of sex.	1
Bill Belichick is just llike us . He's unhappy when his tablet doesn't work .	Bill Belichick Is Just llike Us Hes Unhappy When His Tablet Doesnt Work	1
Bill Belichick is just llike us . He's unhappy when his tablet doesn't work .	Bill Belichick is just l like us and is unhappy when his tablet doesn't work.	1
Trump accuser on groping incident It never entered my mind to complain	Trump's accuser on groping incident: "I never entered my mind to complain	1
Hyland's to stop distributing homeopathic teething tablets and gels in the United States	Hylands to stop distributing #homeopathic teething tablets and gels in the United States.	1
David Brooks on a crisis of solidarity , segmentation , spiritual degradation and intimacy	I see this in David Brooks, on a crisis of solidarity, segmentation, spiritual degradation, and intimacy.	1
Francois Hollande interviews with @lemondefr are act of " political suicide	Hollande's Le Monde interviews are act of 'political suicide" property	1
Francois Hollande interviews with @lemondefr are act of " political suicide	Hollande Interviews With Le Monde Exemples Political Suicide	1
to women voters is " not the man we heard on the tape .	To women, voters are " not the man we heard on the tape.'property	1
to women voters is " not the man we heard on the tape .	To women voters " not the man we heard on the tape.	1
Wait what color was his hood and was Trump wearing his hood too	Wait what color was his hood and was @realDonaldTrump wearing his hood too.	1
A state-by-state guide to voter registration deadlines	How to VOTE! Check out this state-by-state guide to voting registration deadlines	1
Why isnt the U.S. better at predicting extreme weather ?	Why Doesnt the US Predict Extreme Weather?	1
Why isnt the U.S. better at predicting extreme weather ?	Why Doesnt the U.S. Predict Extreme Weather?	1
Trump says Alec Baldwin spoof ' stinks	Trump says Alec Baldwin spoof'stinks. " property	1
Watch Barack Obama's masterful Donald Trump " rigging " takedown	Watch Barack Obamas Masterful Donald Trump & amp ; Rigging Takedown	1
Watch Barack Obama's masterful Donald Trump " rigging " takedown	Watch Barack Obamas Masterful #Trump #Rigging #Takedown	1
Watch Barack Obama's masterful Donald Trump " rigging " takedown	Obamas Masterful Trump Rigging Takedown	1
Watch Barack Obama's masterful Donald Trump " rigging " takedown	Watch Barack Obamas Masterful Donald Trump Rigging Takedown Here's	1
Peter Thiel is donating $1.25 M to Trump's campaign , a source close to him says	Peter Thiel donates $1.25 M to Trump, source close to him says	1
Peter Thiel is donating $1.25 M to Trump's campaign , a source close to him says	Peter Thiel Gives $1.25 M to Donald Trump, Source Close to Him	1
She saw a man attacking a boy in between the subway cars . She pulled the boy inside . Then she got help .	When I saw a man ram a boy between the subways, I pulled the boy inside. Then I got help!	1
She saw a man attacking a boy in between the subway cars . She pulled the boy inside . Then she got help .	As The Man Attacks a Boy Between the Subway Cars, She Pulls The Boy Inside, Then Gets Help.	1
She saw a man attacking a boy in between the subway cars . She pulled the boy inside . Then she got help .	I saw a man attacking a boy between subway cars, pulled the boy inside, then got help.	1
She saw a man attacking a boy in between the subway cars . She pulled the boy inside . Then she got help .	When I saw a man attacking a boy between the subway cars, I pulled the boy inside then got help.	1
donald is not getting nearly the ass-kicking he so richly deserves in those states it is a puzzler	Donald is NOT getting nearly the ass-kicking he so richly deserves in those states its a & amp ; a puzzler	1
The producer of the " Apprentice , " which catapulted Donald Trump to stardom , denounced him	Apprentice Producer Denounces Trump Despite Pending Trump Stardom	1
The producer of the " Apprentice , " which catapulted Donald Trump to stardom , denounced him	Apprentice Producer Denounces Trump	1
The producer of the " Apprentice , " which catapulted Donald Trump to stardom , denounced him	Apprentice Producer Denounces Trump.	1
The producer of the " Apprentice , " which catapulted Donald Trump to stardom , denounced him	Apprentice'Producer Denounces Trump as Star of a TV Show	1
About 200 people walked out of an Amy Schumer show in Tampa after she criticized Donald Trump onstage	In Tampa, a crowd of about 200 people walked out of Amy Schumer after Trump criticized her onstage.	1
Trump on latest allegations " totally and absolutely false , " " all fabricated , " " pure fiction and outright lies .	Donald Trump on latest allegations : All fabricated '',  Pure Fiction & amp ; ''Lies&rsquo;	1
Trump on latest allegations " totally and absolutely false , " " all fabricated , " " pure fiction and outright lies .	Trump on latest allegations, all fabricated, pure fiction, and outright lies	1
Trump on latest allegations " totally and absolutely false , " " all fabricated , " " pure fiction and outright lies .	Trump on latest allegations, all " faked, " pure fiction and absolute lies. " property	1
Trump on latest allegations " totally and absolutely false , " " all fabricated , " " pure fiction and outright lies .	Trump on latest allegations'totally and absolutely false,'all fabricated,'& amp ; pure fiction and outright lies.	1
Obama on Trump He doesnt have the temperament , knowledge , or the " basic honesty that a president needs to have .	Barack Obama on Trump: 'He doesnt have the temperament, knowledge, or basic honesty that a president needs to have.' property	1
Obama on Trump He doesnt have the temperament , knowledge , or the " basic honesty that a president needs to have .	Obama on Trump Does He have the Temperament, Knowledge or Basic Honesty That a President Needs to Have	1
Obama on Trump He doesnt have the temperament , knowledge , or the " basic honesty that a president needs to have .	Obama on Trump He doesn&rsquo;t have the temperament, knowledge or " basic honesty that a president needs to have.&rsquo;	1
Obama on Trump He doesnt have the temperament , knowledge , or the " basic honesty that a president needs to have .	Obama on Trump He doesn&rsquo;t have the temperament, knowledge or the&rsquo;basic honesty that a president needs to have.	1
Donald Trump said Hillary Clinton " has to go to jail " due to her email server scandal	Trump says Clinton has to go to jail'due to email server scandal" property	1
Donald Trump said Hillary Clinton " has to go to jail " due to her email server scandal	Trump says Hillary Clinton 'has to go to jail'because of email scandal	1
In Saudi Arabia , women cant drive , but they have recently been granted the right to vote and to run in an election	Saudi women can't drive, but they now have the right to vote & amp ; to run. This is great!	1
In Saudi Arabia , women cant drive , but they have recently been granted the right to vote and to run in an election	In Saudi Arabia, women can't drive, but now they're allowed to vote & amp ; to run in an election @CNNPolitics	1
One is young and brash , the other older , more reserved Which Saudi prince will be king ?	1 Saudi prince is young and brash, the other older, more reserved Which Saudi prince will be king	1
Pentagon confronts a new threat from ISIS	Pentagon battling new threat from ISIS New Threat From ISIS	1
They said there was no problem with the phones in China . That's why I bought a Samsung	Samsung claims in China, there is no problem with the phones. This is why I bought a Samsung.	1
They said there was no problem with the phones in China . That's why I bought a Samsung	In China, Samsung claims no problem with phones. That's why I bought a Samsung.	1
Pearl Jam , Tupac Shakur , Jane's Addiction and Depeche Mode lead the list of nominees for the Rock Hall of Fame	Pearl Jam, Tupac Shakur, Jane's Addiction and Depeche Mode Top 10 Nominees for Rock Hall of Fame	1
Pearl Jam , Tupac Shakur , Jane's Addiction and Depeche Mode lead the list of nominees for the Rock Hall of Fame	Pearl Jam, Tupac Shakur, Jane's Addiction & amp ; Depeche Mode Lead Nominees for Rock Hall of Fame	1
Duolingos new chatbots help you brush up on your foreign language conversation skills	Duolingos new chatbots help you brush up on your foreign language speech&nbsp;skills	1
Donald Trump finds an improbable ally in WikiLeaks	Trump Finds Improbable Ally in WikiLeaks " @CNNPolitics Donald Trump Finds Improbable Ally in	1
Donald Trump finds an improbable ally in WikiLeaks	@realDonaldTrump Finds Improbable Ally in WikiLeaks " htt	1
The Northern Lights seen from Norway a popular spot for surfing , despite the cold	Surfing Under the Northern Lights is a popular spot in Norway, despite the cold	1
The Northern Lights seen from Norway a popular spot for surfing , despite the cold	Surfing Despite the Cold, Surfing Under the Northern Lights in Norway	1
Hillary Clinton is a ' moral , ethical choice ' for Republicans	Hillary Clinton Is a  Moral, Ethical '' Choice for Republicans	1
Hillary Clinton is a ' moral , ethical choice ' for Republicans	Hillary Clinton Is a  Moral, Ethical, '' a " choice Republican	1
He cant claim were all liars , " Trump's ninth new accuser said . He's sure gonna try , though	Trump's ninth new accuser: "It's certain gonna try, though	1
He cant claim were all liars , " Trump's ninth new accuser said . He's sure gonna try , though	Trump's ninth new accuser said Trump can't claim were all liars. He's sure gonna try, though	1
Kansas approvingly cites Dred Scott v . Sandford to explain why it can ban abortion .	Kansas Appropriatesly Cites Dred Scott v. Sandford to Explain Why It Can Ban Abortion	1
Kansas approvingly cites Dred Scott v . Sandford to explain why it can ban abortion .	Kansas Approvingly Cites DRED SANDY TO Describe Why It Can Ban Abortion	1
NYPD officer fatally shot a 66-year-old woman after she grabbed a baseball bat , attempted to strike officer	NYPD Officer kills 66-year-old woman after she grabs baseball bat, attempted to hit officer	1
Boston police were searching for gunman who left 2 officers wounded	Boston police search for shooter who left 2 officers wounded	1
Donald Trump could not have invented a worse character witness .	The worst character witness could not have been invented for Trump.	1
The combination of human and artificial intelligence will define humanity's future	The combination of human and artificial intelligence will define humanity&nbsp;its future	1
The combination of human and artificial intelligence will define humanity's future	The combination of human and artificial intelligence will define humanity&rsquo;s future&rsquo;s future	1
The fault lines among evangelicals that the election has exposed are likely to reshape U.S. politics for years	The fault lines among evangelicals that the election exposed are likely to shape US politics for years, the new election has found.	1
Trump attacks the " corporate media , " which he calls " a political entity with a total political agenda .	Trump attacks the &ldquo;corporate media,'&rdquo; which he calls &ldquo;a political entity with a total political agenda&rdquo;	1
Trump attacks the " corporate media , " which he calls " a political entity with a total political agenda .	Trump Attacks Corporate Media, Says, a Political Entity With a Total Political Agenda	1
Trump attacks the " corporate media , " which he calls " a political entity with a total political agenda .	Trump attacks'corporate media ', which he calls'a political entity with a total political agenda'@CNNPolitics	1
Trump attacks the " corporate media , " which he calls " a political entity with a total political agenda .	President-elect Donald Trump attacks the corporate media, which he calls'a political entity with a total political agenda '." property	1
Luke Perry , aka Dylan McKay from " Beverly Hills 90210 , " is on the cover of the AARP magazine	Boy Boy Luke Perry aka Dylan McKay from'Beverly Hills 90210,' stars on the cover of AARP Magazine	1
Luke Perry , aka Dylan McKay from " Beverly Hills 90210 , " is on the cover of the AARP magazine	Dylan McKay, aka Luke Perry, From Beverly Hills 90210, hits AARP cover	1
Luke Perry , aka Dylan McKay from " Beverly Hills 90210 , " is on the cover of the AARP magazine	Luke Perry, who plays Dylan McKay in Beverly Hills 90210, is on the cover of AARP magazine	1
Americas favorite red sweater-wearing undecided voter has sold out .	A popular red sweater has sold out in Americas favorite shirt-wearing undecided voter.	1
For me , education has never been simply a policy issue it's personal	Education for me is personal, not a political issue	1
Rudy Giuliani on FBI report on Clinton emails The fix was in from the very beginning	Rudy Giuliani on FBI report on Clinton emails " fixed was in from the very beginning	1
Rudy Giuliani on FBI report on Clinton emails The fix was in from the very beginning	Giuliani on FBI report on Clinton emails ; fix was in from the very beginning.	1
As Donald Trump sputters , Hillary Clinton's campaign prepares for an even nastier race	As Trump Sputters, Clinton's Campaign Prepares for an Even Nastier Race" property	1
As Donald Trump sputters , Hillary Clinton's campaign prepares for an even nastier race	As Donald Trump Sputters, Clinton's Campaign Prepares for an Even Nastier Race @CNNPolitics	1
As Donald Trump sputters , Hillary Clinton's campaign prepares for an even nastier race	As Trump Sputters, Clinton Campaign Prepares for an Even Nastier Race	1
Facebook Live unlocks scheduling and pre-stream lobby , first for verified Pages	Facebook Live unblocks scheduling and pre-stream lobby, first for verified pages	1
Facebook Live unlocks scheduling and pre-stream lobby , first for verified Pages	Facebook Live unlocks scheduling and pre-stream lobby, first for verified&nbsp;Pages	1
Facebook Live unlocks scheduling and pre-stream lobby , first for verified Pages	Facebook Live unlocks scheduling&nbsp;&nbsp;and pre-stream lobby, first for verified Pages	1
Facebook Live unlocks scheduling and pre-stream lobby , first for verified Pages	Facebook Live unblocks scheduling and pre-stream lobby, first for verifiedPages	1
Politicians shouldnt need daughters and wives to realize Trump is a misogynist	Politicians Don&rsquo;t Need Daughters and Wives to Realize Trump Is a Misogynist	1
Politicians shouldnt need daughters and wives to realize Trump is a misogynist	Politicians shouldn&rsquo;t need daughters and wives to realize Trump is a misogynist	1
Politicians shouldnt need daughters and wives to realize Trump is a misogynist	Politicians Shouldn&rsquo;t Need Daughters and Wives to Realize Trump Is a Misogynist	1
Politicians shouldnt need daughters and wives to realize Trump is a misogynist	Politicians Don&rsquo;t Need Daughters and Wives to realize Trump Is a Misogynist	1
Bill Belichick is done using the NFL's Microsoft Surface tablet he hates so much	Bill Belichick, the Bill Belichick of the NFL, is done using the Microsoft Surface tablet he hates so much.	1
Wars are destructive not only to towns and cities , but also to souls .	Wars are a force that destroys not only towns and cities, but also human beings.	1
The New York Times responds We welcome the opportunity to have a court set him straight .	The New York Times responded that they were glad to have the opportunity to have the court set straight.	1
The latest U.S. and swing state polls , updated	Latest US & amp ; swing state polls, updated	1
Maybe the country needs Donald Trump to show " authoritarian power	Maybe the country needs #Trump to show &ldquo;authoritarian power&rdquo;	1
From May 2016 How Donald Trump behaved with women in private	May 2016 How Trump Behaved With Women in Private	1
New York Times report Two women accuse Donald Trump of touching them inappropriately	Two women accused Trump of touching them inappropriately The New York Times reports	1
New York Times report Two women accuse Donald Trump of touching them inappropriately	2 Women Accuse Trump of Touching Them Illegally, New York Times Report	1
New York Times report Two women accuse Donald Trump of touching them inappropriately	2 women accuse Trump of touching them inappropriately New York Times reports	1
When she tried to help a sick passenger , she says a flight attendant told her " we are looking for actual physicians	Trying to Help a Sick Passager, She Says A Flight Attendant Said We Are Looking For Actual Physicians	1
A new report is rekindling speculation about the prospect of " Trump TV	New report revives speculation about'Trump TV	1
Nigeria's president warned by First Lady Aisha Buhari	Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari rebuked by First Lady Aisha Buhari	1
Iraqi forces are surrounding Mosul for an imminent assault . It's the largest city under ISIS control .	ISIS: Iraqi forces surround Mosul for imminent assault It's the largest city under ISIS control	1
More than 160 Republican leaders don't support Donald Trump . Here's when they reached their breaking point .	160+ 160 Republican Leaders Dont Support Trump. Heres When They Reached Their Breaking Point	1
Bill Clinton is not on the ballot	Bill Clintons Not on the Ballot	1
Bill Clinton is not on the ballot	Bill Clinton isnt on the ballot, though	1
Bill Clinton is not on the ballot	Bill Clintons #Clinton is not on the ballot!	1
Hillary Clinton's top State Department aide helped win support for an investor in Haiti , then teamed up with him	Hillary Clinton's top State Department aide helped win Haitian investment, then worked with him	1
Hillary Clinton's top State Department aide helped win support for an investor in Haiti , then teamed up with him	Haiti: Clinton's Top State Department Aides Helped Win Support for an Investor in Haiti, then Team Up With Him	1
VMware's new cloud service will run on AWS	VMware's new cloud service will run on&nbsp;AWS	1
Surf's up under the Northern Lights in Norway	Surf Under the Northern Lights in Norway	1
Surf's up under the Northern Lights in Norway	Surfing Under the Northern Lights in Norway.	1
Surf's up under the Northern Lights in Norway	Surfing Under the Northern Lights, in Norway	1
Surf's up under the Northern Lights in Norway	Surf Under the Northern Lights in Norway.	1
Surf's up under the Northern Lights in Norway	Surf Under the Northern Lights Norway.	1
Surf's up under the Northern Lights in Norway	Surfing Under the Northern Lights in Norway	1
A guide to getting rid of your big-bank checking account	How to get rid of a big bank checking account	1
A guide to getting rid of your big-bank checking account	How to get rid of your big-bank checking account	1
She used to be one half of the Answer Couple in Glamour . The other half was her husband . Their marriage was rocky .	She Used to Be One Half of the Answer Couple in Glamour, The Other Half Was Her Husband, Their Marriage Was Stiff.	1
She used to be one half of the Answer Couple in Glamour . The other half was her husband . Their marriage was rocky .	She Used to Be One Half of the Answer Couple in Glamour, The Other Half Her Husband, Their Marriage Was Rough.	1
She used to be one half of the Answer Couple in Glamour . The other half was her husband . Their marriage was rocky .	She Used to Be One Half of the Answer Couple in Glamour, and The Other Half Was Her Husband, Their Marriage Was Riffy.	1
Controversial Trump-supporting sheriff says it's " pitchforks and torches time .	Controversial Trump-Supporting Sheriff Says It's All About Pitchforks and Torches	1
Controversial Trump-supporting sheriff says it's " pitchforks and torches time .	Controversial Trump-Supporting Sheriff Calls for Pitchforks & amp ; Torches	1
Controversial Trump-supporting sheriff says it's " pitchforks and torches time .	Controversial Trump-Supporting Sheriff Calls for 'Pitchforks and Torches	1
Controversial Trump-supporting sheriff says it's " pitchforks and torches time .	Controversial Trump-Supporting Sheriff Calls for'Pitchforks and Torches'Time	1
The NYT movie review of " Michael Moore in TrumpLand	Michael Moore in TrumpLand New York Times Movie Review	1
The NYT movie review of " Michael Moore in TrumpLand	The " Michael Moore in TrumpLand'movie & amp ; review! The NYT Movie	1
The NYT movie review of " Michael Moore in TrumpLand	The New York Times film review of Michael Moore in TrumpLand The Movie	1
Remember he projects . This is tantamount to his confession he's on something .	Remember he projects is analogous to his confession that he's on something	1
Facebook lets you cast videos to your TV	Facebook lets you cast videos to your&nbsp;TV	1
Facebook lets you cast videos to your TV	Facebook will let you cast videos to your&nbsp;TV	1
Getting fired from TV pays much better than getting fired from newspapers	Get fired from TV Pays Much Better than From Newspapers	1
Getting fired from TV pays much better than getting fired from newspapers	Get fired from TV pays much better than from newspapers!	1
Why would I waste my time ? a young hip hop artist , talking about why he won't vote .	Why Would I Waste My Time? A Young Hip Hop Artist Talks About Why He Wont Vote	1
Why would I waste my time ? a young hip hop artist , talking about why he won't vote .	Why Would I Spend My Time? A Young Hip Hop Artist Talks About Why He Wont Vote	1
The milk from Tasmanian devils may hold the key to fighting human superbugs , researchers say	The milk of Tasmanian Devils may hold the key to fighting #humansuperbugs, researchers say	1
Donald Trump's language has stirred increasing fears of intimidation of minorities inside polling places	How Trumps Call to Oppress Is Stirring Fears of Intimidation of Minorities in Polling Places	1
Samsung halts all sales of Galaxy Note 7 , urges owners to turn off their smartphones .	Samsung halts all sales of Galaxy Note 7&nbsp;Samsung urges owners to turn off their smartphones	1
A dad said , " Let's the kids play . Not all of his neighbors were thrilled	A dad told his children to play. Not all of the neighbors were thrilled.	1
A dad said , " Let's the kids play . Not all of his neighbors were thrilled	Dad says let kids play. Not all neighbors were thrilled	1
Facebook is confusing Aussies by using Fahrenheit in its weather forecast	Facebook is confusing Aussies with a weather forecast in Fahrenheit!	1
Dressed in Versace , Michelle Obama sent a powerful message at her final state dinner	Dressed in Versace, Michelle Obama Sends a Powerful Botschaft at Her Final State Dinner	1
Dressed in Versace , Michelle Obama sent a powerful message at her final state dinner	In Versace, Michelle Obama Sent a Powerful Botschaft at Her Final State Dinner	1
Dressed in Versace , Michelle Obama sent a powerful message at her final state dinner	Finished with a Versace Versace, Michelle Obama Sends a Powerful Message at Her Final State Dinner	1
adds support to countries which place a " sugar tax " on soft drinks	Tax on sugary foods " will help countries with " sugar-tax ", " " sugar tax " added	1
230 things Donald Trump has said and done that make him unfit to be president	What 230 Things Donald Trump Has Said and Done That Make Him Unfit to Be President	1
Actually , many " inner cities " are doing great	The inner cities are actually doing great	1
The common wisdom , as research verifies , is that most men want sons . Thats starting to shift .	Research Verifies: The Common Wisdom: Most Men Want Sons; Thats Starting to Shift	1
The common wisdom , as research verifies , is that most men want sons . Thats starting to shift .	What We Know As Research Verifies Is That Most Men Want Sons. And Thats Starting to Change.	1
Obama on Trump tape You don't have to be a husband or father , ' just a decent human being to say that's not right .	Obama says on Trump tape You don't have to be a husband or father, just a decent human being to say that's not right. / X'@CNNPolitics	1
Obama on Trump tape You don't have to be a husband or father , ' just a decent human being to say that's not right .	Obama on Trump tape: "You don't need to be a husband or father, just a decent human being to say that's not right."" property	1
What we've learned from the hacked emails of Hillary Clinton's campaign	What We&rsquo;ve Learned From the Hacked Emails of Hillary Clinton&rsquo;s Campaign	1
What we've learned from the hacked emails of Hillary Clinton's campaign	What We've Learned From the Hacked Emails of #HillaryClinton's Campaign	1
A Look into Chile's innovative startup government	The State of Chiles Innovative Startup Government. Taking a Look at	1
Sources say Billy Bush's departure from NBC now a matter of " when , " not " if	Billy Bush&rsquo;s departure from NBC now a matter of&rsquo;when,&rsquo;not&rsquo;if	1
She spent years using Adderall to get through school and start her career . Then she tried to get off it .	For Years, I Used Adderall to Get Through School and Start My Career, Then I Tried to Get Off It.	1
Obama asks Republicans why they weren't " appalled earlier when was saying degrading things about women .	Obama asks GOP why they weren't appalled earlier when Obama was saying degrading things about women.	1
Obama asks Republicans why they weren't " appalled earlier when was saying degrading things about women .	Obama asks Republicans why they werent appalled earlier, when Obama was saying degrading things about women.	1
Ironically , Donald Trump is running old and insecure email servers	Trump is using outdated, insecure email servers	1
Hillary Clinton is keeping a low profile , content for Donald Trump to remain in the glare of the spotlight	Hillary Clinton Keeps a Low Profile, Content for Trump to Stay in the Glare of the Shine	1
Hillary Clinton is keeping a low profile , content for Donald Trump to remain in the glare of the spotlight	Hillary Clinton Will Keep a Low Profile, Content for Trump to Stay in the Glare of the Shine	1
Hillary Clinton is keeping a low profile , content for Donald Trump to remain in the glare of the spotlight	Clinton keeps low profile, content for Trump to remain in the glare of the spotlight.	1
Trump campaign manager Clinton jail comments are being taken " literally	Trump camp manager says Clinton's comments in jail'literally taken literally	1
Trump campaign manager Clinton jail comments are being taken " literally	Trump's campaign manager, Clinton jail comments'literally taken literally	1
Google's new Sprayscape app is a purposely imperfect VR camera	Google's new Sprayscape app is a purposely imperfect&nbsp;VR camera	1
Dow drops 200 points and S & P 500 loses 1.2% . Oil slides 1% . Alcoa sells off on poor quarterly results .	Dow falls 200 points, S &amp; P loses 1.2% As oil slides. Alcoa sells off on weak quarterly results.	1
President Obama warns of the danger of artificial intelligence wiping out humans ' jobs	President Obama warned of the danger of AI wiping out jobs	1
At home , he cuts salaries and freezes contracts . On holiday , this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht .	Saudi prince on holiday, buys $550 MY yacht. For employers, he keeps cutting salaries and freezing contracts	1
You're on the highway and you see a sign Lane closed ahead . What do you do ? Merge now , or wait ?	When you're on the highway you see a sign with a Lane Closed behind you: Merge Now, or Wait?	1
You're on the highway and you see a sign Lane closed ahead . What do you do ? Merge now , or wait ?	On the Freeway, We See a Sign Lane Closed. What do you do? Merge Now, or Wait?	1
Facebook partners with Google , others to launch a new JavaScript package manager	Facebook joins Google and others in unveiling a new JavaScript package manager	1
A girl asked Pence about the damage Trump has done to her self-esteem .	A Girl Asks Pence What Trump Has Doed to Her Self-Esteem	1
A girl asked Pence about the damage Trump has done to her self-esteem .	A Girl Asks Pence About the Damage Trump Has Doed Her Self-Esteem	1
A girl asked Pence about the damage Trump has done to her self-esteem .	A girl who has asked Pence about how Trump has slashed her self-esteem	1
Tantrums , anxiety , wake-ups , hours to fall asleep a sleep training nightmare	Fears, Anxiety, Wake-Ups, Hours to Fall Away A Sleep Training Dream	1
Tantrums , anxiety , wake-ups , hours to fall asleep a sleep training nightmare	Tantrums, Anxiety, Wake-Ups, Hours to Sleep, Sleep Training Nightmare	1
M&M's is embracing a caramel filling for the first time in its 75-year history	M&amp;M's are embracing a caramel filling for the first time in its 75-year history	1
M&M's is embracing a caramel filling for the first time in its 75-year history	M&amp;M's are rolling out a new filling of caramel - for the first time in its 75-year history	1
The WikiLeaks hack brings the Medicare and Social Security debate to the forefront	The WikiLeaks hack brings the Medicare & amp ; Social Security debate to the forefront	1
WikiLeaks says Assange's internet link was severed by ' state party	WikiLeaks says Assange's internet link was struck by state party	1
WikiLeaks says Assange's internet link was severed by ' state party	WikiLeaks says #Assange's internet link was disrupted by'state party	1
Billy Bush is negotiating his exit from NBC after the release of the lewd Donald Trump tape	Billy Bush Negotiating Exit From NBC After Lewd Tape by Donald Trump	1
Billy Bush is negotiating his exit from NBC after the release of the lewd Donald Trump tape	Billy Bush Negotiating Exit From NBC After Lewd Tape by @DonaldTrump	1
Groping claims are " absolutely false " says @realDonaldTrump	Trump says groping claims are " absolutely false ".	1
White House spokesman Donald Trump " snorted his way through the first two debates	White House spokesman Donald Trump'snorted his way through'debates Trump snooped through the first 2	1
Same day a gunman killed 12 people at Aurora , CO movie theater , Trump Jr. joked he'd still give movie " 2 thumbs up	On the same day a gunman killed 12 people at Aurora, CO movie theater, Trump Jr. joked he&squot;d still give movie "2 thumbs up	1
Controversial Trump-supporting sheriff calls for " pitchforks and torches	Controversial Trump-supporting Sheriff Calls for " Pitforks & amp ; Torches	1
The election is suddenly causing real pain that people didn't see coming a psychotherapist said	Psychotherapist says electoral election generates real pain we didn't see coming	1
The election is suddenly causing real pain that people didn't see coming a psychotherapist said	The election is now causing real pain people didn't see coming, psychotherapist says	1
The election is suddenly causing real pain that people didn't see coming a psychotherapist said	The Election Is Sending People Into Pain They Didnt See Coming, Psychotherapists Say	1
blasts #DonaldTrump during show , some fans boo and walk out	boos&nbsp;DonaldTrump at show, some fans walk out	1
Her voice shaking , Michelle Obama called Donald Trump's comments on women " intolerable	Voice Shaking: Michelle Obama Calls Trump Comments on Women intolerable	1
Her voice shaking , Michelle Obama called Donald Trump's comments on women " intolerable	voice shaking, Michelle Obama calls Trump's remarks on women intolerable	1
Her voice shaking , Michelle Obama called Donald Trump's comments on women " intolerable	Voice Shaking, Michelle Obama Calls Trump Comments on Women Intolerable	1
Her voice shaking , Michelle Obama called Donald Trump's comments on women " intolerable	Voice Shaking: Michelle Obama Calls Trump Comments on Women Intolerable	1
GOP leaders created the myth of the " rigged vote . Now they are trying to renounce it .	The GOP Leaders Created the Myth of the " Rigged Vote. Now Theyre Hitting It.	1
GOP leaders created the myth of the " rigged vote . Now they are trying to renounce it .	Republican Leaders Created the Myth of the &ldquo;Rigged Vote.&rdquo; Now They&rsquo;re Trying to Hide From It.	1
GOP leaders created the myth of the " rigged vote . Now they are trying to renounce it .	GOP Leaders Created the Myth of the &ldquo;Rigged Vote.&rdquo; Now They&rsquo;re Trying to Hide From It.	1
GOP leaders created the myth of the " rigged vote . Now they are trying to renounce it .	GOP leaders created the myth of the &ldquo;Rigged Vote.&rdquo; Now they&rsquo;re trying to renounce it.	1
GOP leaders created the myth of the " rigged vote . Now they are trying to renounce it .	GOP Leaders Created the Myth of the &ldquo;Rigged Vote.&rdquo; Now They&rdquo;re TRYING TO RENDER IT	1
GOP leaders created the myth of the " rigged vote . Now they are trying to renounce it .	Republicans Created the Myth of the &ldquo;Rigged Vote.&rdquo; Now They&rsquo;re TRYING TO RINK!	1
Many couples in China filed for divorce so that one partner could still be treated as an independent home buyer	Many Chinese Couples Filled for Divorce So That One Partner Could Still Be Treated as an Independent Home Buyer	1
Like his father , Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations	Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations, his father says.	1
Brexit may hurt Britain where it thrives science and research	Brexit could hurt n Britain, where it thrives in science & amp ; research	1
Brexit may hurt Britain where it thrives science and research	Brexit may hurt #UK, where it thrives science & amp ; research	1
Brexit may hurt Britain where it thrives science and research	Brexit could hurt Britain where it thrives science and&nbsp;research	1
Google Flights will now help you avoid sudden price increases	Google Flights to Quickly Track Price Increases	1
Google Flights will now help you avoid sudden price increases	Google Flights will now help you avoid sudden price&nbsp;rises	1
New Jersey is known for cheap gas . The glory days are about to end .	This is the new craze in New Jersey for cheap gas. But the glory days are over.	1
New Jersey is known for cheap gas . The glory days are about to end .	New Jersey is known for cheap gas, but the glory days are about to end. " property	1
Donald Trump now faces 8 separate allegations of sexual misconduct . He says he's " a victim " of a " smear campaign	Trump says he's'a victim'of'smear campaign. Trump facing 8 charges of sexual misconduct	1
SAS soldier ' investigated for Iraq War mercy killing	SAS sailor investigated for mercy killing in Iraq War	1
SAS soldier ' investigated for Iraq War mercy killing	SAS #Soldier investigated for mercy killing in Iraq War	1
Wonder Woman is now a UN Honorary Ambassador for the Empowerment of Woman and Girls	Wonder Woman is now UNHonorary Ambassador for the Empowerment of Woman and Girls	1
Forget this " Hillary is unlikable " stuff . Hillary is downright inspiring .	" Forget This " Hillary Is Unlikable. Is Downright Inspiring. I don't stand for it.	1
Forget this " Hillary is unlikable " stuff . Hillary is downright inspiring .	Forget This " Hillary Is Unlikable " Stuff. Is Downright Inspiring. h	1
Whats really behind Trumps obsession with Clintons " stamina " ?	What&rsquo;s Really Behind Trump&rsquo;s Obsession with Clinton&rsquo;s Stamina?	1
Whats really behind Trumps obsession with Clintons " stamina " ?	What&rsquo;s Really Behind Trump&rsquo;s Obsession With Clinton&rsquo;s Stamina?	1
Whats really behind Trumps obsession with Clintons " stamina " ?	What&rsquo;s Really Behind Trump&rsquo;s Obsession with Clintons Stamina?	1
Lately , celebrity feuds are looking a lot like cyberbullying .	Recent Celebrity Feuds Are Lookalot Like Cyberbullying	1
Lately , celebrity feuds are looking a lot like cyberbullying .	Some trends are erupting in celebrity feuds that look very much like cyberbullying.	1
Lately , celebrity feuds are looking a lot like cyberbullying .	Recent celebrity feuds are sort of like cyberbullying	1
Trump advisor says that sexual abuse allegations are " a positive	Trump advisor says allegations of sexual abuse'positive	1
Trump advisor says that sexual abuse allegations are " a positive	Trump adviser says #sexualabuse allegations'a positive	1
Trump advisor says that sexual abuse allegations are " a positive	Trump advisor says allegations of sexual assault'positive	1
Clinton ' contemptuous ' of security agents , put team at risk for photo op	#HillaryClinton'contemptuous'of security agents, put team at risk for photo op	1
Clinton ' contemptuous ' of security agents , put team at risk for photo op	Hillary Clinton is'contemptuous'of agents, and the team is at risk for a photo op.	1
Hillary Clinton seems content these days to let a damaged Donald Trump have the spotlight	Hillary Clinton Seems Content These Days to Let a Damaged Donald Trump Have the Glance	1
Hillary Clinton seems content these days to let a damaged Donald Trump have the spotlight	Hillary Clinton seems content with the spotlight these days for a damaged Donald Trump	1
At a rally in Lakeland , Florida , Donald Trump said Hillary Clinton " has to go to jail	Trumps comments came at a rally in Lakeland, Florida, when he said Clinton 'has to go to jail	1
Wikileaks has transcripts of Clinton's speeches to Goldman Sachs .	Wikileaks has transcripts of Clinton Goldman Sachs speeches.	1
Wikileaks has transcripts of Clinton's speeches to Goldman Sachs .	WikiLeaks has transcripts of Clinton Goldman Sachs speeches WikiLeaks	1
I was hysterically crying all the time . One familys struggle with microcephaly	One Familys Struggle With Microcephaly I cried hysterically all the time	1
I was hysterically crying all the time . One familys struggle with microcephaly	One Familys Struggle With Microcephaly I was hysterically crying all the time. @jamie_strive_familia -om, ludicrous!	1
Gold Star father Khizr Khan " saddened all over again " after Trump's debate comments	Khizr Khan, father of #GoldStar, says it was saddened all over again after Trump's debate comments	1
The typical retiree's Social Security check will get only $3.92 bigger in 2017 .	Social Security checks will be $3.92 bigger in 2017 than the average retirement age.	1
In a Pennsylvania city built by immigrants , immigration is the defining political issue	Philadelphians, built by immigrant immigrants, immigration is the defining issue	1
First time that a member of the press has been on Trump's plane for over a month	For the First Time in Over a Month, a Member of the Press Has Been on Trump's Plan.	1
First time that a member of the press has been on Trump's plane for over a month	First time a member of the press has been on @realDonaldTrump's plane for over a month.	1
Mickey Mantle is alive , he plays in Anaheim , and no one cares	Mantle plays in Anaheim, and nobody cares.	1
Boko Haram releases 21 of the kidnapped Chibok schoolgirls to the Nigerian government	21 Chibok Girls Released by Boko Haram to Nigerian Government	1
Afghan security forces have suffered more than 4,500 deaths in the last 6 month	Afghan security forces more than 4,500 deaths in the last 6 months	1
CIA reportedly plans to launch a cyberattack against Russia by @mariella_moon	The CIA is reportedly planning to launch a cyberattack against Russia by #mariellamoon.	1
CIA reportedly plans to launch a cyberattack against Russia by @mariella_moon	The CIA reportedly plans to launch a cyberattack against Russia through @MariellaMoon	1
CIA reportedly plans to launch a cyberattack against Russia by @mariella_moon	The CIA reportedly plans to launch a cyberattack against Russia by #mariellamoon	1
The day a college football player stood alone to honor America	A college football player stood alone to honor America's.	1
Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty	Clinton meets with international banks in secret, pleading for destruction of US sovereignty	1
How taking a gap year can shape your life	What can a gap year do to you?	1
How taking a gap year can shape your life	gap year, or'gap year, can change your life, to say the least.	1
prays over fan who collapsed after game	prays over fan who collapsed after game. he prays.	1
China launches manned space mission , designed to develop its ability to explore space .	China launches manned spacecraft to develop space exploration capabilities	1
Benghazi victim's mom will attend the 3rd presidential debate as guest of	Benghazi victim's mom to attend 3rd presidential debate as guest	1
Colorado researchers turn beer waste into battery electrodes	Researchers in Colorado spin beer waste into batteries.	1
The formerly incarcerated are facing crippling prison debt when they get out	Ex-Inmates Face Crippling Prison Debt to Get Out	1
Why dont we use our vacation time ?	Why dont we take our holidays?	1
Why dont we use our vacation time ?	Why dont we take advantage of our vacations?	1
When do you worry about a picky eater ?	When to worry about a picky eater?	1
When do you worry about a picky eater ?	When do you need to be concerned about your picky eater?	1
When do you worry about a picky eater ?	When should a picky eater be concerned?	1
Bob Dylan wins the Nobel Literature Prize and the world reacts	Bob Dylan wins Nobel Literature Prize, & amp ; the world reacts	1
Bob Dylan wins the Nobel Literature Prize and the world reacts	Bob Dylan wins Nobel Literature Prize ; reaction from the world	1
WikiLeaks posts an additional 2,000 emails that appear to be from the account of John Podesta	WikiLeaks posts 2,000 more John Podesta emails.	1
Nigeria's President Buhari warned by first lady	Nigerian President Buhari warns by First Lady	1
Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty , U.S. officials say	Russia's missile program violates a landmark arms control treaty, US officials say	1
Black doctor told " oh no sweetie , put your hand down , we are looking for actual physicians " on @Delta flight	On Delta Flight, Black Medical Doctor Says'Ooh No Sweetie, Put Your Hand Down, We Are Looking for Actual Physicians'Thanks for Sharing this post	1
Black doctor told " oh no sweetie , put your hand down , we are looking for actual physicians " on @Delta flight	Black doctor on Delta flight " oh no sweetie, put your hand down, we are looking for actual doctors	1
Two more women say Donald Trump touched them inappropriately . Here are their stories .	Two Other Women Say Trump Touched Her Inappropriately. Here Are Their Stories	1
White Catholics usually flock to Republican nominees . This year , something seems different .	White Catholics often flock to Republican nominees but this year, something seems different @CNNPolitics	1
Maybe America needs Donald Trump to show " authoritarian power	Maybe America Needs Trump to Show &ldquo;Authoritarian Power&rdquo; Authoritarian power	1
A week after Hurricane Matthew , cholera , the disease at the heart of Haitis last disaster , is spreading again	Cholera Spreads Haitis Last Disaster, Week After Hurricane Matthew	1
A week after Hurricane Matthew , cholera , the disease at the heart of Haitis last disaster , is spreading again	Cholera Spreads Haitis Last Disaster A Week After Hurricane Matthew	1
New CNN/ORC polls in key states suggest Trump edge in Ohio , Clinton inches ahead in Nevada and NC .	New CNN/ORC polls in key states suggest Trump edge in Ohio, while Clinton edge in Nevada and NC.	1
New CNN/ORC polls in key states suggest Trump edge in Ohio , Clinton inches ahead in Nevada and NC .	New CNN/ORC polls in key states suggest Trump is leading in Ohio, Clinton is ahead in Nevada and NC" property	1
New CNN/ORC polls in key states suggest Trump edge in Ohio , Clinton inches ahead in Nevada and NC .	New CNN/ORC polls in key states suggest Trump edge in Ohio, Clinton a step forward in Nevada and NC.	1
In Aleppo , a destruction so complete that it obliterates even a sense of time .	A destruction so complete in Aleppo that obliterates even a sense of time.	1
Trump's Grope for Power Degrades Democracy my piece today .	Trumps Grapple for Power Degrades Democracy I do mine!	1
NYC audit finds no evidence Trump gave 9/11 donations post attack , despite pledge to do so	New York Audit Finds No 9/11 Donations from Trump, Despite Promise to Do So	1
The Iraqi military says it has inflicted heavy losses on ISIS and made advances in southeast Mosul .	Iraqi soldiers say ISIS suffered heavy losses and advanced into southeast Mosul.	1
The Iraqi military says it has inflicted heavy losses on ISIS and made advances in southeast Mosul .	Iraqi military says ISIS suffered heavy losses and advanced towards southeast Mosul.	1
She interrupted him . She mocked him . Hillary Clinton outmaneuvered Trump with a surprising new approach	Clinton interrupted Trump. Mocked Him. Clinton Outmaneuvered Trump With a Surprising New Approach	1
For Donald Trump , lessons in grace	for @realDonaldTrump, lessons in grace	1
For Donald Trump , lessons in grace	Trump lessons in grace.	1
For Donald Trump , lessons in grace	Donald Trumps Lessons in Grace	1
Jeffrey Epstein also accused in this case & gt ; Lawsuit accusing Trump of raping girl , 13 , gets December hearing	Jeffrey Epstein also indicted in this case. Lawsuit accusing Trump of raping 13 year old girl, gets December hearing f.	1
Trump accuser tells WaPo he felt her up " to prove that he could . This is a distinct theme	Trump accuser tells WaPo he felt her up'to prove that he could " What a distinct theme @ChuckDoug	1
Somewhat obscured by the U.S. election this week The implosion of relations between Russia and the West	The implosion of relations between Russia and the West is largely obscured by the US election this week.	1
Its fine to speculate about Donald Trumps mental health	Its OK to speculate about Donald Trumps mental health	1
Authorities responding to plane crash in East Hartford , Conn . injuries not immediately clear	Conn. officials respond to plane crash in East Hartford, Conn. No immediate injuries.	1
The billionaire investor Peter Thiel will give $1.25 million in support of Donald Trump's presidential bid	Mr. Trumps billionaire investor Peter Thiel is giving $1.25 million in support of his presidential bid.	1
The billionaire investor Peter Thiel will give $1.25 million in support of Donald Trump's presidential bid	Peter Thiel, the billionaire investor, is donating $1.25 million to Trump's presidential bid	1
The billionaire investor Peter Thiel will give $1.25 million in support of Donald Trump's presidential bid	billionaire investor Peter Thiel to give 1.25 million in support of Trump's presidential bid	1
North Carolina Gov . Pat McCrory says state's death toll from Hurricane Matthew raised to 24	Gov Pat McCrory says hurricane Matthew killed 24 people in North Carolina State	1
North Carolina Gov . Pat McCrory says state's death toll from Hurricane Matthew raised to 24	NC Gov. Pat McCrory says #state's death toll from Hurricane Matthew rose to 24.	1
Emails show calculations behind Hillary Clinton's trade deal waffling	Emails show calculations behind #HillaryClinton trade deal waffling	1
Donald Trump is a walking , talking trigger	Trump is a walking, talking trigger '.	1
Why the top entrepreneurs are seeking corporate venture money	Why the top entrepreneurs are seeking corporate venture&nbsp;money	1
Why the top entrepreneurs are seeking corporate venture money	Why the top entrepreneurs are seeking corporate venture&nbsp;fund	1
Why the top entrepreneurs are seeking corporate venture money	Why the Top & amp ; Top entrepreneur are seeking corporate venture&nbsp;money	1
Hacked emails show how the Clinton candidacy was thrown badly off course by a misreading of the electorate	Hacked emails show Clinton running mate got badly off track by misreading electorate.	1
Watch episode one of Trust Disrupted Bitcoin and the Blockchain	Watch the first episode of Trust Disrupted With Bitcoin and the&nbsp;Blockchain	1
Watch episode one of Trust Disrupted Bitcoin and the Blockchain	Watch the first episode of Trust Disrupted The Blockchain and the Bitcoin	1
Watch episode one of Trust Disrupted Bitcoin and the Blockchain	Watch the first episode of Trust Disrupted '. with bitcoin and the blockchain	1
Lets be clear Donald Trump bragged about committing sexual assault .	Let&rsquo;s Be Clear Donald Trump Bragged About Sexual Assault&rsquo;	1
Lets be clear Donald Trump bragged about committing sexual assault .	Let&rsquo;s Be Clear: Donald Trump Bragged About Sexual Assault	1
Lets be clear Donald Trump bragged about committing sexual assault .	Let&rsquo;s Be Clear;DonaldTrump Bragged About Sexual Assault	1
Lets be clear Donald Trump bragged about committing sexual assault .	Let&rsquo;s Be Clear;DonaldTrump Bragged About Sexual Assault&rsquo;	1
Lets be clear Donald Trump bragged about committing sexual assault .	Let&rsquo;s Be Clear Donald Trump Bragged About Sexual Assault	1
Melania proves she's almost as despicable as her husband in fawning CNN interview	Melania Trump as Despicable as Her Husband in Fawning CNN Interview	1
Melania proves she's almost as despicable as her husband in fawning CNN interview	Melania Proves She's As Despicable as Her Husband in Fav. CNN Interview	1
Samsung kills the Galaxy Note 7 for good	#Samsung will kill the #GalaxyNote 7 for Good	1
Samsung kills the Galaxy Note 7 for good	Samsung is discontinuing production of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone.	1
Renowned chef Massimo Bottura has used a vaporizer to breathe cheese	The famed Chef Massimo Bottura has used a vaporizer to breathe his cheese.	1
Why Bob Dylan shouldn't have gotten a Nobel Prize	Why Bob Dylan Shouldn&rsquo;t Have Gotten a Nobel	1
Why Bob Dylan shouldn't have gotten a Nobel Prize	Why Dylan Shouldnt Have Gotten a Nobel	1
Why Bob Dylan shouldn't have gotten a Nobel Prize	Why Bob Dylan Shouldnt Have Gotten a Nobel	1
Why Bob Dylan shouldn't have gotten a Nobel Prize	Why Bob Dylan Shouldn't Have Gotten a Nobel	1
This environmentalist wants Trump elected . A 6,600 -volt electric fence protects his " Hillary for Prison " yard signs .	Environmentalist Wants Trump Elect. 6,600 Volt, Electric Fence Protects Hillary For Prison Signs	1
This environmentalist wants Trump elected . A 6,600 -volt electric fence protects his " Hillary for Prison " yard signs .	Environmentalist Wants Trump elected. 6,600 Volt Electric Fence Protects Hillary for Prison Yard Signs	1
FBI investigating if fatal plane crash in Connecticut was intentional	F.B.I. investigates if fatal plane crash in Connecticut intentional	1
FBI investigating if fatal plane crash in Connecticut was intentional	F.B.I. investigating if fatal plane crash in Connecticut was intentional	1
A foundation has a bold plan to fight poverty providing each child with $250 a month	Fund has a bold plan to fight poverty by providing each child with $250 a month	1
How Did Walmart Get Cleaner Stores and Higher Sales ? It Paid Its People More	How did Walmart get cleaner store and higher sales? It paid more for staff...	1
Amazon Music Unlimited debuts with discounts for Prime members , cheap " Ech o-o nly " plan	Amazon Music Unlimited debuts with discounts for Prime members and cheap &ldquo;Ech o-o&rdquo; plan	1
Amazon Music Unlimited debuts with discounts for Prime members , cheap " Ech o-o nly " plan	Amazon Music Unlimited debuts w/ discount for Prime members, cheap " ech o-o nly " plan	1
Donald Trump cancels " Hannity " interview	Trump cancels interview with Hannity	1
Every minute of Michelle Obamas 30 minute speech today is worth watching .	Watch Every Moment of Michelle Obama&rsquo;s 30 Minute Speech today.	1
As parents , " Americans seem not to realize how terribly they are being treated	Across the US, American parents seem to forget how badly they are being treated.	1
Nothin like a little embarrassment to light a fire under someone's butt .	Nothin likes a little embarrassment to light a fire under a butt.	1
Nothin like a little embarrassment to light a fire under someone's butt .	Nothin likes a little embarrassment to light a fire under someone&rsquo;s butt.	1
Nothin like a little embarrassment to light a fire under someone's butt .	Nothin Like a Little Embargo to Light a Fire Under Someone's Butt.	1
Nothin like a little embarrassment to light a fire under someone's butt .	Nothin! Nothin Like a Little Emarrassment to Light a Fire Under Someones Butt.	1
How Anita Hill paved the way for Trumps accusers , women everywhere , to step forward	Anita Hill Paved the Way for Trump&rsquo;s Accusers, Women everywhere, to Step Forward	1
How Anita Hill paved the way for Trumps accusers , women everywhere , to step forward	Anita Hill Paved the Way for Trump&rsquo;s Accusers, Women to Step Forward	1
How Anita Hill paved the way for Trumps accusers , women everywhere , to step forward	Anita Hill Paved the Way for Trump&rsquo;s Accusers, Women everywhere to Step Forward	1
Google searches for ' write-in ' are off the charts	Google searches for'write-in'explode.	1
Google searches for ' write-in ' are off the charts	Google searches for'write-in'jump a notch	1
Jessica Leeds says she was groped by Donald Trump , he says it's " total fabrication	Jessica Leeds says she was groped by Donald Trump and that's a total fabrication to say the least	1
Melania Trump rejects womens claims that her husband groped them	Melania Trump refutes women&rsquo;s claims that husband groped them	1
Melania Trump rejects womens claims that her husband groped them	Melania Trump rejects women&rsquo;s claims that her husband groped them.	1
Fashion becomes a victim of its own oversharing	How Fashion Gets Victim of Its Own Oversharing	1
Fashion becomes a victim of its own oversharing	Fashion has a tendency to get caught up in its own overs.	1
Those Facebook reminders about voter registration really worked	What those Facebook posts about voter registration really worked	1
Those Facebook reminders about voter registration really worked	Those FB-run voter registration reminders really worked!	1
One is a real mussel . The other is a robot . Can you guess which is which ?	A Real Muschel and a Robot. Can you guess which is which?	1
One is a real mussel . The other is a robot . Can you guess which is which ?	The true Mustel, the another is a Robot. Can you guess which is which?	1
One is a real mussel . The other is a robot . Can you guess which is which ?	A real mussel is made up of two parts, one is a robot. Can you guess which is which?	1
Stack Overflow puts a new spin on resumes for developers	Stack Overflow puts a new spin on resumes for&nbsp;developers	1
Shameful silence on Donald Trump's lies about vote-rigging	Shameful Silence on Trumps Lies About Vote-Rigging	1
Shameful silence on Donald Trump's lies about vote-rigging	Shameful Silence on Trumps Lies About Voting Rationing	1
The Google Pixel XL is Android's best ambassador	XL Google Pixel is Androids best ambassador	1
The Google Pixel XL is Android's best ambassador	Google Pixel XL is Androids best ambassador htt	1
The Cleveland Indians advance to the World Series , defeating the Toronto Blue Jays 3-0	Cleveland Indians advance to World Series They defeated Toronto Blue Jays 3-0	1
Obama said that Trump should " stop whining " about a rigged election , an assertion " based on no facts	Obama: Trump should'stop whining' about rigged election, based on no facts" property	1
What our sons are learning from Donald Trump	What our sons are learning from @realDonaldTrump	1
What our sons are learning from Donald Trump	What our sons are learning from @realDonaldTrump.	1
Samsung to ask all carrier and retail partners to stop Galaxy Note7 sales , exchanges following more reports of fires	Samsung to ask all carriers and retail partners to stop #Galaxynote7 sales, exchanges following more reports of fires & amp ; claims.	1
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton gear up for their final #debate showdown	Trump and Clinton gear up for final #debate showdown	1
The Republican Party has crossed a point of no return	Republican Party Overcomes a Point of No Return.	1
The Republican Party has crossed a point of no return	R.P.H. crosses the point of no return. The GOP has crossed the threshold	1
The Republican Party has crossed a point of no return	Republicans at a crossroads of no return	1
The Republican Party has crossed a point of no return	Republican Party crosses a point of no return	1
Donald Trump threatened to sue the NYT over an article about 2 women accusing him of touching them inappropriately	Trump Threatens to Sue NYT Over Article About 2 Women Accusing Him of Touching Him Unwantedly	1
Donald Trump threatened to sue the NYT over an article about 2 women accusing him of touching them inappropriately	New York Times Annexes Donald Trump Threatens to Sue The Times over Article About 2 Women Accusing Him of Touching Them Inappropriately	1
Donald Trump threatened to sue the NYT over an article about 2 women accusing him of touching them inappropriately	Trump threatens to sue NYT over article about 2 women he allegedly touched her inappropriately	1
Donald Trump threatened to sue the NYT over an article about 2 women accusing him of touching them inappropriately	Trump threatens to sue the New York Times over article about 2 women he's accused of touching them inappropriately.	1
Donald Trump threatened to sue the NYT over an article about 2 women accusing him of touching them inappropriately	Trump Threatened to Sue The New York Times over Article About 2 Women Accusing Him Of Touching Them Inappropriately	1
Donald Trump threatened to sue the NYT over an article about 2 women accusing him of touching them inappropriately	Trump Threatens to Sue NYT Over Article About 2 Women Accusing Him of Touching.	1
Ecuador said that it had cut off Julian Assanges access to the internet in the countrys London embassy	Ecuador Says It Cuts Julian Assanges Internet Access in London Embassy	1
Ecuador said that it had cut off Julian Assanges access to the internet in the countrys London embassy	Ecuador Says It Cuts Julian Assanges Internet Access To the Internet in London Embassy	1
Google and Facebook are building the fastest trans-Pacific cableyet	Google and Facebook team up to build the fastest Trans-Pacific cableyet	1
Targeting the untapped market of wearables for elder care	Targeting the untapped market of wearables for & amp ; elderly care	1
Targeting the untapped market of wearables for elder care	Targeting the untapped market of wearables for elder&nbsp;care	1
Google added fact checking Facebook , it's your move now	Google added fact checking Facebook, it&squot;s your move now.	1
Google added fact checking Facebook , it's your move now	Google added fact checking Facebook, it's your move now Google has a new feature for fact checking social media	1
I don't know " if Trump will be better for Supreme Court than Clinton	I don't know'if Trump will be better for Supreme Court than @HillaryClinton	1
This is the real Michelle Obama Former WH staffer on @FLOTUS ' speech yesterday	Michelle Obama Former WH Staffer on @FLOTUS' Speech Yesterday This is the real Michelle Obama	1
We know this is the last station for ISIS there is nowhere else for them to go	We Know This Is the Last Station for ISIS, There Is Nowhere OTHER FOR THEM?	1
Check out a teaser for episode 6 of #TrustDisrupted and watch full episodes here	Check out a teaser for episode 6 of trust disrupted, and watch full episodes here	1
Check out a teaser for episode 6 of #TrustDisrupted and watch full episodes here	Watch a teaser for episode 6 of Trust Disrupted and watch full episodes here	1
Ken Bone said that he had been leaning toward Donald Trump , but that Hillary Clinton " really impressed me	Ken Bone Tells Us Why He&rsquo;d Been Leaning To Donald Trump, but Clinton&rsquo; Really Impresses Me	1
Ken Bone said that he had been leaning toward Donald Trump , but that Hillary Clinton " really impressed me	Ken Bone Describes His Leaning on Trump, But the Clinton'Really Impress Me'@CNNPolitics	1
Follow @BBCAmos as he covers descent of @esa Schiaparelli robot to surface of Mars	Following BBCAmos as he covers descent of Esa Schiaparelli robot to Mars	1
NOT true of @NBCNews no way , no how that would have happened .	Not true @NBCNews, no how, no way that would have happened	1
NOT true of @NBCNews no way , no how that would have happened .	I don't think that would happen @NBCNews.	1
FBI Director James Comey says police shootings are not part of a nationwide pattern	FBI Director James Comey says the problem of police shootings isn't widespread.	1
Estonia's Funderbeam is building a blockchain-based " stock exchange " for startups	Estonian startup Funderbeam is building a #blockchain based #stock exchange for&nbsp;startups	1
Estonia's Funderbeam is building a blockchain-based " stock exchange " for startups	Estonian #Funderbeam is building a blockchain-based stock exchange. This gives #startups access to	1
Justice Ginsburg is sorry for criticizing Colin Kaepernick's anthem protest	Ginsburg: "I'm sorry for criticizing Colin Kaepernick's anthem protest	1
Donald Trump ' grabbed me and went for the lips ' , says new accuser	Trump'grabbed me and went for the lips ', says new accuser Trump " grabbed me and went for the lips	1
8 killed , 40 wounded in Chicago shootings between Friday evening and Monday morning	8 killed, 40 wounded in Chicago Friday evening and Monday morning shootings	1
Britain's economy was resilient after Brexit . Its leaders learned the wrong lesson .	Its Leaders Learned the False Lied The UK Economy Was Resilient After Brexit.	1
Should a set of archaic rules also be used to take Britain out of the EU ?	How about adopting an archaic set of rules and using them to pull the UK out of the EU?	1
Utah's top Mormons are in an " all-out revolt " against Donald Trump	Utahs Top Mormons Are in All-Out Revolt Against Trump	1
Utah's top Mormons are in an " all-out revolt " against Donald Trump	Utahs Top Mormons in All-Out Revolt Against Donald Trump	1
Utah's top Mormons are in an " all-out revolt " against Donald Trump	Utah's Top Mormons in All-Out Revolt Against Donald Trump	1
Utah's top Mormons are in an " all-out revolt " against Donald Trump	Utah's top Mormons in all-out revolt Against Trump	1
Utah's top Mormons are in an " all-out revolt " against Donald Trump	Utahs Top Mormons in All-Out Revolt Against Trump.	1
Three men have been arrested and charged with plotting to bomb a mosque and apartment complex in Kansas , DOJ says	3 Kansas men arrested for plot to bomb a Mosque & amp ; apartment complex, DOJ says	1
Three men have been arrested and charged with plotting to bomb a mosque and apartment complex in Kansas , DOJ says	3 Men Arrested and Charged with Bombing Mosque and Apartment Complex in Kansas, DOJ Says	1
The fight is heating up in Silicon Valey over rent control	The Silicon Valley Rent Wars The battle is heating up	1
The fight is heating up in Silicon Valey over rent control	Silicon Valley Rent War War is a hot topic in Silicon Valley	1
My husband is real . He tells it like it is .	My husband is real He tells it like it is. This is true.	1
The problem is our government does not bear any sort of criticism . Hungary's largest opposition newspaper closes .	The problem is that our government does not bear any kind of criticism. Hungarys largest opposition newspaper is closed" property	1
The prospect of a Donald Trump presidency is pushing Silicon Valley into the political fray	Prospect of Trump Presidency Pushes Silicon Valley into the Political Fray	1
Former Apprentice contestant Summer Zervos says Donald Trump sexually harassed her	Ex-A Apprentice Contestant Summer Zervos Says Trump Sexually Harshed Her	1
Amazon unveils a streaming service that will compete directly with Spotify and Apple Music	Amazon launches new streaming service&nbsp;that will compete directly with Spotify and&nbsp;Apple Music	1
Amazon unveils a streaming service that will compete directly with Spotify and Apple Music	Amazon unveils a streaming service that will compete directly with Spotify and&nbsp;Apple Music	1
That's it , Britain is sunk .	Britain sank	1
That's it , Britain is sunk .	The Sea is Sunk. The British are sunk	1
That's it , Britain is sunk .	Britain is sinking	1
The Obama administration has intensified a clandestine war in Somalia over the past year	Obama Administration Intensives Clandestine War in Somalia Over The Past Year	1
The Obama administration has intensified a clandestine war in Somalia over the past year	Obama Administration Intensives Clandestine War in Somalia Over the Past Year	1
GOP leaders pretended Donald Trumps misogyny was an act . There's no pretending now	GOP Leaders Pretended Trump&rsquo;s Misogyny Was An Act. There&rsquo;s No Pretending Now	1
GOP leaders pretended Donald Trumps misogyny was an act . There's no pretending now	Republicans Pretended Donald Trump&rsquo;s Misogyny Was an Act. There&rsquo;s No Pretending Now.	1
GOP leaders pretended Donald Trumps misogyny was an act . There's no pretending now	GOP Leaders Pretended Trump&rsquo;s Misogyny Was an Act. There&rsquo;s No Pretending Now.	1
Republicans claim ' collusion ' after email appears to show DOJ , Clinton campaign contact	Republicans Call for Co-Liaison After Email Shows DOJ, Clinton Campaign Contact	1
Republicans claim ' collusion ' after email appears to show DOJ , Clinton campaign contact	Republicans claim'collusion'after email appears to show DOJ, CR campaign contact	1
Men's toilets in the US to get baby changing facilities	men's toilets to have baby changing facilities in U.S.	1
Democrats raise funds for GOP after North Carolina headquarters firebombed	Democracies raise funds for GOP after North Carolina HQ Firebombed	1
Democrats raise funds for GOP after North Carolina headquarters firebombed	For Democrats, Funds for Republicans, After North Carolina Headquarters Firebombed	1
Clinton tech advisors cringed after she proposed a " Manhattan Project " to break encryption .	Clinton Hack Advisors Cringed After Proposing a Manhattan Project to Break Encryption	1
Clinton tech advisors cringed after she proposed a " Manhattan Project " to break encryption .	Clinton tech advisors cringed after she proposed a &ldquo;Mension Project&rdquo; to break encryption	1
Samsung halts Galaxy Note 7 production as battery problems linger	Samsung scraps Galaxy Note 7 production over battery problems	1
Samsung halts Galaxy Note 7 production as battery problems linger	Samsung scraps production of the Galaxy Note 7, as battery problems linger	1
Samsung halts Galaxy Note 7 production as battery problems linger	Samsung to stop production of Galaxy Note 7 battery problem.	1
Clinton ' does not recall ' ordering destruction of emails from personal server in testimony	HILLARY CLINTON'does not recall'ordering destruction of emails from personal server'in testimony	1
Google Flights will now tell you when fares will increase , help you find cheaper tickets	Google Flights will tell you when fares will increase, Help you find cheaper&nbsp;tickets	1
Google Flights will now tell you when fares will increase , help you find cheaper tickets	Google's Flight Alert Will Let You Know When Fares Are Higher & amp ; Help You Find Cheaper Tickets	1
A former Wells Fargo worker says the bank denied bathroom breaks as a form of intimidation	Ex-Wells Fargo worker says bank denied bathroom breaks as form of intimidation	1
A former Wells Fargo worker says the bank denied bathroom breaks as a form of intimidation	Ex-Wells Fargo employee says bank denied bathroom breaks as a form of intimidation.	1
A former Wells Fargo worker says the bank denied bathroom breaks as a form of intimidation	An ex-Wells Fargo worker says that denied bathroom breaks as a form of intimidation.	1
Chetna Makan said being on the " The Great British Bake Off " was the " the opposite of Brexit	Chetna Makan Says Being on &ldquo;The Great British Bake Off&rdquo; Is the &ldquo;The Oppose of Brexit&rdquo;	1
I " wasn't impressed " when Hillary Clinton walked in front of me at debate	I &ldquo;wasn&rsquo;t impressed&rdquo; when Clinton walked in front of me at the debate	1
Taibbi on Amy Goodman Arrest for Covering Dakota Pipeline Story	Talibbi on Amy Goodman's arrest for covering the Dakota pipeline story	1
There's no actual evidence that Trump's claims about a " rigged " 2016 election are true	There's no actual evidence that @realDonaldTrump's claims about a " rigged " 2016 election are true.	1
There's no actual evidence that Trump's claims about a " rigged " 2016 election are true	Theres no actual evidence Donald Trump's claims that his 2016 election was " rigged " are true.	1
Both girls and boys can rejoice Makeup is no longer just a girl thing @amandahess writes	Even the boys can rejoice Makeup isn't always just a girl thing @amandahess writes	1
Some Republicans who deserted Donald Trump over the video last week are returning	Some GOP deserters who deserted Donald Trump over a video last week are returning	1
A Minnesota city responds after a black man was arrested by a white police officer for walking in the street	Black Man Arrested for Walking in the Street Minneapolis City Responds to a White Policing Officer's Curb	1
Woman accuses Donald Trump of putting his hands under her skirt in the early 1990s	Woman says Trump put his hands under her skirt in early 1990s.	1
Woman accuses Donald Trump of putting his hands under her skirt in the early 1990s	Woman Accuses Trump of Putting His Hands Under Her Skirt'in the early 1990s heh.	1
NFL teams will now be fined for posting videos and GIFs duringgames	NFL Teams To Be Fined For Posting Videos & amp ; GIFs duringGames	1
NFL teams will now be fined for posting videos and GIFs duringgames	NFL teams will now be fined for posting videos and GIFs during&nbsp;games	1
Fox News Poll Clinton leads Trump by 7 points	fbi #FoxNews By 7 Points Clinton leads Trump by.	1
Fox News Poll Clinton leads Trump by 7 points	Clinton leads Trump by 7 percentage points, Fox News poll says	1
can't wait to see the gymnastics facebook attempts to get out of this one	I can't wait to see the gymnastics attempts ye facebook try to get out of this one	1
The trend of people dressing up like clowns and scaring others is now striking Britain	The trend of people dressing up as clowns, scare others, is now taking over Britain.	1
Exclusive to CNN , President Obama's mission to Mars We can reach beyond earth's orbit	Obama's mission to Mars could send him beyond earth's orbit via CNN	1
Elena Ferrante wants privacy . Her new book , " Frantumaglia , " implies otherwise .	Elena Ferrante Wants Privacy, Her New Book Implies Otherwise	1
Elena Ferrante wants privacy . Her new book , " Frantumaglia , " implies otherwise .	The New York Times bestselling author Elena Ferrante wants privacy. Her new book, " Frantumaglia, implies otherwise.	1
Elena Ferrante wants privacy . Her new book , " Frantumaglia , " implies otherwise .	Why Elena Ferrante Wants Privacy ; Her New Book Implies Otherwise,	1
Elena Ferrante wants privacy . Her new book , " Frantumaglia , " implies otherwise .	Elena Ferrante Wants Privacy, Her New Book Implies Otherwise.	1
Elena Ferrante wants privacy . Her new book , " Frantumaglia , " implies otherwise .	Elena Ferrante Wants Privacy. Her New Book Implies Otherwise, Implies Frantumaglia.	1
Elena Ferrante wants privacy . Her new book , " Frantumaglia , " implies otherwise .	Elena Ferrante Wants Privacy ; Her New Book Implies Otherwise, says " Frantumaglia.	1
Kroger faces backlash after police , officer's wife say employees refused to serve them	Kroger Faces Backlash After Police, Officer's Wife Say Employees Ried to Serve.	1
Kroger faces backlash after police , officer's wife say employees refused to serve them	Kroger'face backlash after police, officer's wife say employees refused to serve.	1
The first of 2 cases against Rolling Stone over a discredited article about an alleged gang rape is set to begin	Rolling Stone gets started on a story about an alleged gang rape The first of 2 cases against Rolling Stone over a discredited article	1
The first of 2 cases against Rolling Stone over a discredited article about an alleged gang rape is set to begin	Rolling Stone to begin the first of two lawsuits against them for publishing a discredited article about an alleged gang rape	1
I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944 Warren Buffett wrote in a letter on Monday	Warren Buffett wrote in a letter on Monday that he has paid federal income taxes every year since 1944.	1
BMWs new motorcycle concept is so smart you wont need a helmet to ride it	BMWâ€™s new motorcycle concept is so smart you wont need a helmet to ride&nbsp;it&rsquo;	1
BMWs new motorcycle concept is so smart you wont need a helmet to ride it	BMW has launched a new motorcycle concept that's so smart you won't need a helmet to ride&nbsp;it	1
BMWs new motorcycle concept is so smart you wont need a helmet to ride it	BMW's motorcycle concept is so smart you won't need a helmet to rideit	1
BMWs new motorcycle concept is so smart you wont need a helmet to ride it	BMW's new motorcycle concept is so smart you won&rsquo;t need a helmet to rideit	1
Donald Trump tweeted that his " shackles have been taken off . The rest of us need to buckle up .	Donald Trump: "Shackles have been taken off. The rest of us need to buckle up."' property	1
Donald Trump tweeted that his " shackles have been taken off . The rest of us need to buckle up .	Donald Trump: "Shackles have been taken off. The rest of us need to buckle up.' property	1
90% of a Haitian village is gone . The rest died from cholera or Hurricane Matthew .	Cholera, or Hurricane Matthew, Killed 90% of Haitian Villages	1
Samsung tells users Turn off your Galaxy Note 7 phone NOW	Samsung reminds Galaxy Note 7 owners to turn off their phones NOW	1
Samsung tells users Turn off your Galaxy Note 7 phone NOW	Samsung tells customers to turn off their Galaxy Note 7 phones immediately.	1
The police use facial recognition tools with little oversight , a study says	Study: Police Use Facial Recognition Tools Without Much Oversight	1
The police use facial recognition tools with little oversight , a study says	Study Says Police Use Facial Recognition Tools With Little Oversight	1
The police use facial recognition tools with little oversight , a study says	Study reveals police use facial recognition systems without oversight.	1
The police use facial recognition tools with little oversight , a study says	Study Says Police Use Facial Recognition Tools Without Much Oversight	1
The police use facial recognition tools with little oversight , a study says	Study: The Police Use Facial Recognition Tools Without Much Oversight	1
Bill Clinton accusers slam wife's candidacy Hillary is only for one woman , and that's herself	Bill Clinton Accuses Slams Wife's Candidate Hillary is only for one Woman, and thats herself	1
Boko Haram releases 21 girls kidnapped from a school in Chibok , Nigeria says	21 girls kidnapped from Chibok school, Nigeria says Boko Haram release they kidnap the girls.	1
Boko Haram releases 21 girls kidnapped from a school in Chibok , Nigeria says	21 girls kidnapped from Chibok schools, Nigeria says Boko Haram to release	1
Oregon bakery shop accused of racism over Oreo cupcake named ' Mr. President	One Oregon bakery accused of racism over Oreo cupcake named Mr. President	1
Amazing pictures of the men and women who scour the Tanzanian coast for an eight-legged delicacy	The countless pics by men and women lining up on the coast of Tanzania to hunt for an eight-legged delicacy so amazing.	1
this was one of the most agonizing things Ive ever read the # of ppl who inform themselves like th	This Was One of the Most Cryingful Things Ive Ever Read the #of People Who Inform themselves Like Thyself	1
Google and Facebook are building the fastest trans-Pacific cable yet	Google and Facebook to build fastest trans-Pacific cable	1
Multi-media journalists face jail time for reporting on North Dakota pipel .	Multi-media journalists in North Dakota face jail time after reporting on pipelines.	1
Multi-media journalists face jail time for reporting on North Dakota pipel .	News Journalists Face Jail Time for Reporting on Pipel in North Dakota	1
Multi-media journalists face jail time for reporting on North Dakota pipel .	Multi-media journalists jail time after reporting on North Dakota pipeline leak	1
Today is the last day to register to vote in New York . Heres a list of deadlines , state by state	Last day to register to vote in New York. Heres a list of deadlines, state by state.	1
100% Made Up Trump slams ' corrupt ' media as more women make sexual assault claims	100% Made Up @realDonaldTrump Slams & amp ; Corruption of the Media As More Women Make Sexual Assault Claims	1
100% Made Up Trump slams ' corrupt ' media as more women make sexual assault claims	100% Made Up @realDonaldTrump slams'corrupt'media as more women make sexual assault claims	1
100% Made Up Trump slams ' corrupt ' media as more women make sexual assault claims	100% Made Up @realDonaldTrump Slams 'Corrupt'Media as More Women Make Sexual Assault Claims	1
100% Made Up Trump slams ' corrupt ' media as more women make sexual assault claims	100% Made Up @realDonaldTrump slams'corrupt'media as more women make #sexual assault claims	1
Like everybody else , New York's professional athletes are moving to Brooklyn	New York Pro Athletes Move to Brooklyn Like Everyone else, New York	1
Like everybody else , New York's professional athletes are moving to Brooklyn	New Yorkers move to Brooklyn, Like Everyone else, New York's Pro Athletes	1
Trump insists election rigged , calls for drug test for him , Clinton before debate	The president-elect insists the election is rigged and calls for a drug test for him, Clinton before debate.	1
Donald Trumps beef with #SNL is no laughing matter , writes @Deanofcomedy for @CNNOpinion	Donald Trumps beef with SNL is no laughing matter," writes Derek Dean of Comedy for cnn opinion	1
How did Walmart get cleaner stores and higher sales ?	How did Walmart get cleaner stores & amp ; higher sales?	1
How did Walmart get cleaner stores and higher sales ?	How did Walmart get cleaner stores and higher&nbsp;profits?	1
VC firm Daphni announces its first $165 million fund	VC firm Daphni announces its first $165M&nbsp;fund	1
How video games are changing the way soccer is played	Video games changing the way soccer is played.	1
New climate deal will reduce use of chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators .	New Climate Deal Will Reduce Use of Chemical Used in Air-conditioners & amp ; Refrigerators.	1
New climate deal will reduce use of chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators .	New Climate Deal To Reduce Chemical Use in Air-Conditioners & amp ; Refrigerators.	1
New climate deal will reduce use of chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators .	New Climate Deal Reduces Use of Chemical in Air-Conditioners & amp ; Refrigerators	1
Big GOP donors want party to cut ties with Trump after women said he made inappropriate sexual advances toward them	Big GOP Donors Want Party to Cut ties with Trump After Women Say Inappropriate Sexual Advances To They	1
Big GOP donors want party to cut ties with Trump after women said he made inappropriate sexual advances toward them	Huge GOP donors call for party to cut ties with Trump after women said he made inappropriate sexual advances	1
Big GOP donors want party to cut ties with Trump after women said he made inappropriate sexual advances toward them	Big Republican Donors Call for Party to Cut ties With Trump After Women Say Inappropriate Sexual Advances	1
Hanging in chains . Sleep deprivation and water dousing . Salim is still haunted by the torture he endured .	Salim still haunted by torture he endured. Hanging in chains, sleep deprivation and water dousing.	1
Hanging in chains . Sleep deprivation and water dousing . Salim is still haunted by the torture he endured .	Salim still haunted by the torture he endured. Slain in chains. Sleep Deprivation & amp ; Water Douse.	1
Hanging in chains . Sleep deprivation and water dousing . Salim is still haunted by the torture he endured .	Hanging in chains, sleep deprivation, water douse. Salim still haunted by torture he endured	1
Hanging in chains . Sleep deprivation and water dousing . Salim is still haunted by the torture he endured .	Salim still haunted by the torture he endured. Closed chains, sleep deprivation, water dousing.	1
Poll finds Clinton and Trump tied in Utah as a potential spoiler surges	Utah Polls Clinton and Trump Tied in Potential Spoiler Surges	1
Iraqi military says " heavy losses of life " inflicted on ISIS in Mosul	Iraqi military battles ISIS on Mosul " heavy losses of life "	1
The new blue and red Educational split is replacing the culture war	The New Blue & amp ; Red Educational Divide is replacing the Culture War	1
The new blue and red Educational split is replacing the culture war	The new blue and red ed divide is replacing the culture war	1
hope you're not undecided about me , bae	Hope you&rsquo;re not undecided about me, bae	1
hope you're not undecided about me , bae	happy to know y'all aren't indecisive about me, bae	1
Federal judge extends voter registration in Florida for one week due to Hurricane Matthew .	The Federal Judge extended the deadline to register Florida's voters for one week because of Hurricane Matthew's coming up.	1
Of course she WAS there ! Have these people NO SHAME ?	But I WAS there! Have these people NO SHAME?	1
This French Instagram profile is not what you think it is	French Instagram profile not what you think it is	1
This French Instagram profile is not what you think it is	French Instagram profile isnt what you think it is.	1
Here's a city where you'd have to look long and hard to find a @realDonaldTrump lawn sign	Heres a City Where You&rsquo;d Have to Look Long and Hard To Find a Real Trump Lawn Sign	1
Here's a city where you'd have to look long and hard to find a @realDonaldTrump lawn sign	This Is a City Where You&rsquo;d Have to Look Long and Hard for a #Trump Lawn Sign	1
There are 10 times more galaxies in our universe than we'd estimated , @NASA says	10 times more galaxies in our universe than we'd estimated @NASA!	1
Microsoft made speech recognition software that's as accurate as humans	Microsoft Speech Recognition Software as accurate as humans	1
Microsoft made speech recognition software that's as accurate as humans	Microsoft Speech Recognition Software As Accurate as Humans	1
LGBT " means something very different to an American Hate Preacher . But why is this still legal ?	A very different definition of a " LGBT " from an American Hate Preacher. But why is this still legal?	1
The iconic New York Public Library is refilled , book by book , in a time lapse video	Watch as iconic New York Public Library is refilled, book by book, in a time lapse video.	1
John McCain's decision to break with Donald Trump prompted some Arizona voters to break with him	McCains Decision to Break With Trump Proves Arizona Voters to Break With Him	1
Trump said that the women accusing him of improper sexual advances were liars . He also called them unattractive .	Trump called the women he accuses of improper sexual advances liars. He also called them unattractive.	1
Trump said that the women accusing him of improper sexual advances were liars . He also called them unattractive .	Trump called the accusers who accused him of improper sexual advances liars and unattractive.	1
Trump said that the women accusing him of improper sexual advances were liars . He also called them unattractive .	Trump called the women who were accusing him of improper sexual advances " lies, " unattractive.	1
This week's Campaign Stops column The Republican Inferno	This week's Campaign Stops column is the GOP inferno	1
Samsung has permanently halted production and sales of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone .	Samsungs Galaxy Note 7 smartphone is discontinued permanently.	1
Samsung has permanently halted production and sales of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone .	Samsungs Galaxy Note 7 smartphone is permanently halting production and sales	1
FOX NEWS POLL Clinton leads Trump by 7 points	FOX NEWS POLL Hillary Clinton leads Trump by 7	1
You can pry this Galaxy Note7 from my cold , possibly scorched hands	This Galaxy Note7 can be retrieved from my cold, possibly scorched hands	1
China has experienced property booms before , but this one is particularly unstable	China experienced before property booms, but this one is particularly unstable	1
New FBI docs show ' bribe offer ' to agents in #HillaryClinton email probe	New #FBIdocs show'bribe offer'to agents in #HillaryClinton email probe New FBI Docs Show	1
New FBI docs show ' bribe offer ' to agents in #HillaryClinton email probe	New FBI Docs show 'bribe offer' to agents in Hillary Clinton email probe.	1
US election 2016 Trump ' will accept result	US election 2016 @CNNPolitics Trump'will accept result @CNNPolitics	1
Clinton policy adviser says the WikiLeaks hacked emails could be " doctored	Clinton's policy adviser says'the WikiLeaks hacked, the emails could be'doctored'@CNNPolitics	1
@nytimes is facing the threat of a lawsuit over a recent @realDonaldTrump story	New York Times is facing the threat of a lawsuit over a recent #Trump story.	1
@nytimes is facing the threat of a lawsuit over a recent @realDonaldTrump story	New York Times being threatened with a lawsuit over Trump's story	1
We cannot let this dangerous vision of America take hold in anybodys heart .	We cannot let this dangerous vision of America take hold in anybody&nbsp;heart	1
We cannot let this dangerous vision of America take hold in anybodys heart .	We can't let this dangerous vision of America sweep into anybody&rsquo;s hearts&rsquo;s hearts	1
We cannot let this dangerous vision of America take hold in anybodys heart .	We cannot let this dangerous vision of America creep into anybody&nbsp;heart	1
Canada is not immune to right-wing extremism	Canada not immune to right-wing extremism.	1
bans all Samsung Galaxy Note7 phones from airplanes	bans all Samsung Galaxy Note7 phones from airplanes&nbsp;	1
bans all Samsung Galaxy Note7 phones from airplanes	ban all #Samsung Galaxy Note7 phones from #airports	1
bans all Samsung Galaxy Note7 phones from airplanes	All Samsung Galaxy Note7 phones banned from aircrafts	1
How girls around the world are educated	Girls are educated. How girls around the world get educated.	1
How girls around the world are educated	How Girls Get Education All Around the World	1
King Bhumibol Adulyadej took the throne shortly after World War II and held it for more than 70 years	King Bhumibol Adulyadej of Bhutan and Sri Lanka, Bhumibol Adulyadej, took the throne after World War II. He was there for more than 70 years.	1
Billy Bush is officially out at NBC	Billy Bush is officially out on NBC" property	1
Donald Trump is now in a tear-the-country-down rage	Trump in a Tear-the-Castle Brage Now Is in a Tear-the-Country Rage	1
Trump calls for drug test before debate I don't know what's going on " with Clinton	Trump says he will take a drug test before debate " I don't know whats going on " with Clinton	1
Michelle Obama Denounces Trumps Words on Women	Michelle Obama denounces Trump's words on women&nbsp;	1
Mike Pence at site of the firebombed NC GOP office This was an act of political terrorism	Mike Pence at NC Republican Office site of firebombing'this was an act of political terrorism.	1
Batman rescues kids and adults from creepy clowns	Batman, rescues kids and adults from creepy clowns, @KFNet	1
Pro athletes are pushing back against Trump's " locker room talk	Pro athletes oppose Trump'locker room talk	1
Pro athletes are pushing back against Trump's " locker room talk	Pro athletes counter Trump'locker room talk	1
In this ugly election year , leave it to Canada to remind us how great we are	In ugly election year, leave it to Canada to remind us how great we are & amp ; just like in this election	1
How Facebook helped drive a voter registration surge	Facebook helped drive a voter registration surge.	1
Mike Pence answers 11-year-old girl's body image question with pivot to terrorism	Pence responds to 11-year-old girl's body image question with pivot to terrorism	1
Donald Trump vs . a free press	a free press " -- Donald Trump vs. a free press	1
Twitter's latest change demotes Moments for an ' Explore ' tab	Twitter's new policy change degrades Moments for a'Explore'tab	1
Twitter's latest change demotes Moments for an ' Explore ' tab	Twitter's new change degrades Moments for an Explore tab	1
Twitter's latest change demotes Moments for an ' Explore ' tab	Twitter's latest change delegates Moments for an'Explore'tab	1
Twitter's latest change demotes Moments for an ' Explore ' tab	Twitter's latest change delegates Moments for an Explore tab	1
This is how much Instagram fashion bloggers get paid per post .	Heres how much Instagram Fashion Bloggers get paid per post	1
This is how much Instagram fashion bloggers get paid per post .	Heres how much Instagram fashion bloggers get paid per post	1
Donald Trump has more than met his match in Michelle Obama , octopus slayer .	Trump'has more than met his match in Michelle Obama, Octopus Slayer	1
Donald Trump has more than met his match in Michelle Obama , octopus slayer .	Trump Has More Than Meeted His Match in Michelle Obama, Octopus Slayer	1
Facebook , Twitter cut off data access for Geofeedia , a social media survei .	Facebook, Twitter cut off data access for Geofeedia, a social media surveillance.	1
Facebook , Twitter cut off data access for Geofeedia , a social media survei .	Facebook, Twitter cut off data access for Geofeedia, a social media surveillance	1
Facebook , Twitter cut off data access for Geofeedia , a social media survei .	Facebook, Twitter cut off data access for Geofeedia, a social media surveillance company.	1
Facebook , Twitter cut off data access for Geofeedia , a social media survei .	Twitter, Facebook, and Twitter cut off data access for geofeedia, a social media surveillance.	1
Facebook , Twitter cut off data access for Geofeedia , a social media survei .	Facebook and Twitter cut off data access for Geofeedia, a social media surveillance.	1
PlayStation VR is easily the winner in virtual reality right now	PlayStation VR is the winner in virtual reality right&nbsp;right now	1
George H.W. Bush will vote for Clinton , the 92-year-olds first-ever vote for a Democratic nominee .	George H.W. Bush will go to 92 to vote for Clinton, the first ever to vote for a Democratic nominee	1
Trump's Twitter debate lead was ' swelled by bots	Trump's Twitter debate lead'swelled by bots" property	1
Trump's Twitter debate lead was ' swelled by bots	Donald Trumps Twitter debate lead " swelled by bots	1
Trump's Twitter debate lead was ' swelled by bots	Trumps Twitter debate lead'swelled by bots	1
Committee to Protect Journalists is making an " unprecedented " statement against Trump	Committee to Protect Journalists Making an unprecedented statement against WH&rsquo;Trump	1
Committee to Protect Journalists is making an " unprecedented " statement against Trump	Committee to Protect Journalists Makes Unparalleled Statement Against Trump	1
Committee to Protect Journalists is making an " unprecedented " statement against Trump	The Committee to Protect Journalists has made an unprecedented statement against @realDonaldTrump.	1
Committee to Protect Journalists is making an " unprecedented " statement against Trump	Committee to Protect Journalists Making An "Unparalleled " Statement Against Trump	1
Committee to Protect Journalists is making an " unprecedented " statement against Trump	committee to protect journalists making an unprecedented statement against @realDonaldTrump	1
Committee to Protect Journalists is making an " unprecedented " statement against Trump	The Committee to Protect Journalists says it has an unprecedented statement against #realDonaldTrump.	1
Our hopes and dreams for what Chris Wallace should ask Trump and Clinton tonight	What Chris Wallace should ask Trump and Clinton tonight.  just have a dream.'property	1
Before the Great Clown Scare of 2016 , there were the hysterias of 1991 , 1985 and 1981	There were hysterias of 1991, 1985, and 1981 before the 2016 Great Clown Scare.	1
In Saudi Arabia , even milk depends on oil	Saudi Arabia... even milk is dependent on oil @CNNPolitics	1
Threat to jail Hillary Clinton smacks of " tin-pot dictators , " experts say	Threat to Jail @CNNPolitics The threat to jail @HillaryClinton smacks of & amp ; " Tin-Pot Dictators, " experts say	1
Threat to jail Hillary Clinton smacks of " tin-pot dictators , " experts say	Threat to Jail #HillaryClinton Smacks of Tin-Pot Dictators, Experts Say	1
Threat to jail Hillary Clinton smacks of " tin-pot dictators , " experts say	Threat to Jail ; Clinton Smacks of Tin-Pot Dictators, Experts Say	1
Threat to jail Hillary Clinton smacks of " tin-pot dictators , " experts say	Threat to Jail #HillaryClinton Smacks of'Tin-Pot Dictators,'Experts Say	1
Threat to jail Hillary Clinton smacks of " tin-pot dictators , " experts say	Threat to Jail #HillaryClinton Smacks of'Tin-Pot Dictators'Experts Say	1
Threat to jail Hillary Clinton smacks of " tin-pot dictators , " experts say	Threat to Jail #HillaryClinton Smacks of #Tin-Pot Dictators, Experts Say	1
Grandson has pizza delivered to check on grandma after Hurricane Matthew	Grason has pizza delivered to check on grandma After Hurricane Matthew	1
Grandson has pizza delivered to check on grandma after Hurricane Matthew	A Grandson Orders Pizza to Check on Grandma after Hurricane Matthew	1
Grandson has pizza delivered to check on grandma after Hurricane Matthew	So here's the story. Grandson has pizza delivered to check on grandma After Hurricane Matthew	1
Former Republican presidential hopeful Ben Carson tries to silence @KattyKayBBC on @Morning_Joe	Former Republican presidential hopeful #BenCassio try to silence #KattyKayBBC on Morning Joe	1
NYT brought a new generation of the Sulzberger family into its top ranks , naming A.G. Sulzberger as deputy publisher	A.G. Sulzberger named Deputy Publisher of The NYT -- Bringing a New Generation of Sulzberger Families to the Top,	1
Trump tensions with party causing headaches down ballot	Trump's stifles with party, causing headaches down ballot	1
Melania Trump breaks her media silence in two interviews after the Billy Bush tape , w @AshleyRParker	Melania Trump breaks her media silence in two interviews with @ashleyrparker after the Billy Bush tape.	1
Coke and Pepsi have given millions to public health groups while simultaneously lobbying against soda legislations	Coke and Pepsi Give Millions to Public Health, meanwhile Lobbying Against Soda Legislation	1
Coke and Pepsi have given millions to public health groups while simultaneously lobbying against soda legislations	Coke and Pepsi Give Millions to Public Health, While Lobbying Against Soda Legislations	1
Coke and Pepsi have given millions to public health groups while simultaneously lobbying against soda legislations	Coke and Pepsi giving millions to public health groups while lobbying against soda legislation	1
The demographics of handgun ownership in the U.S.	US handguns, and the demographics of handgun ownership	1
The demographics of handgun ownership in the U.S.	In the U.S., the demographics of handgun ownership are.	1
This man is a paid on-air talking head for CNN	This guy is a paid on-air talking head for & amp ; CNN	1
FBI , DOJ roiled by Comey , Lynch decision to let Clinton slide by on emails , says insider	F.B.I., DOJ roiled by Comey, Lynch decision to let Clinton slide on emails, says insider	1
Historic deal agreed to limit HFC gases	Historic deal to limit HFC gases agreed	1
Letter warned Wells Fargo of " widespread " fraud in 2007	Letter to Wells Fargo on " widespread " fraud in 2007.	1
Louis Stettner , Who Photographed the Everyday New York and Paris , Dies at 93	Photographer Louis Stettner, the Everyday New York and Paris, Dies at 93.	1
Indonesia castration law ' will wipe out paedophilia	''Indonesia '' Castration Law '' will wipe out paedophilia	1
Hurricane Matthew's wrath is finally over , but its devastation keeps growing	#HurricaneMatthew's wrath is over, but its devastation keeps growing	1
A trip to the Toronto suburbs for excellent , cheap Chinese food	Be sure to look through the Toronto suburbs for incredible, cheap Chinese food in your trip.	1
Germany calls for a ban on combustion engine cars by 2030	For Germany to ban combustion engine cars by 2030	1
Donald Trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .	Donald Trumps One Unwavering Believe That Women Are Not His Equal	1
Why dogs love to roll around in things that smell repulsive	Dogs love to roll around in things that smell repulsive. Why dogs love to roll around in.	1
Why dogs love to roll around in things that smell repulsive	The reason dogs love to roll around in things that smell disgusting	1
Highlights from the Clinton campaign emails How to deal with Sanders and Biden	The Clinton emails highlight highlights to deal with Sanders and Biden	1
Highlights from the Clinton campaign emails How to deal with Sanders and Biden	Highlights from the #HillaryCampaign emails How to deal with Sanders and Biden	1
As Trump insults Jessica Leeds , read the interview she did with NPR today	Trump insults Jessica Leeds, Read Interview She Did with NPR Today	1
In its VR/AR push , Twitter trolls itself	Twitter's AR push lets the Twitter trolls itself	1
5 reasons not to worry about a rigged election from @titonka	5 reasons why you shouldn't worry about a rigged election from @TitonKaiser	1
Samsung ends production of the Galaxy Note 7 for good	For Good reason Samsung ends production of the Galaxy Note 7 at least.	1
Oskar Eustis helped create " Hamilton . But alongside that triumph came personal tragedy .	Oskar Eustis'Hamilton. But alongside that triumph came personal tragedy.	1
Oskar Eustis helped create " Hamilton . But alongside that triumph came personal tragedy .	Oskar Eustis, the architect of Hamilton, helped create what remains Hamilton. But alongside that triumph came personal tragedy.	1
Clinton tops Trump by 6 pts . in new @FoxNews national #Poll More here	Fox News Poll Clinton Tops Trump by 6 Pts. in New Fox News National Poll	1
Rejecting Trump isnt enough . Trumpism could return , with a savvier frontman .	Rejecting @realDonaldTrump is not enough. Trumpism could return, with a savvier frontman	1
Rejecting Trump isnt enough . Trumpism could return , with a savvier frontman .	Rejecting @realDonaldTrump is not enough. Trumpism could return, with a savvier frontman.	1
Dow up 39 points Friday . Twitter falls 5% after Salesforce backs out as bidder .	Dow rallies 39 points Friday. Twitter falls 5% as Salesforce backs out as bidder	1
He's actually rubbing your face in his con job .	He's actually rubbing your face in his CON.	1
He's actually rubbing your face in his con job .	He's actually rubbing your face in his con job. He's rubbing your face.	1
World Health Organization urged countries to implement a tax on sugary drinks to fight obesity	WHO urges countries to implement tax on sugary drinks'to fight obesity	1
World Health Organization urged countries to implement a tax on sugary drinks to fight obesity	WHO urges countries to implement tax on sugary drinks to fight obesity	1
World Health Organization urged countries to implement a tax on sugary drinks to fight obesity	WHO urges countries to introduce tax on sugary drinks to fight obesity	1
I was having an existential crisis . Abby Wambach , retired U.S. soccer star , reflects on her addiction .	Abby Wambach, who was an existential crisis, reflects on her addiction	1
Debate dredges up Clinton's defense of accused rapist , audio of her laughing at case	Debate Dredges Up Clinton's Defense of Accredited Rapist, Audio of Her Loosening Case	1
Family of Australia cricketer Phillip Hughes walk out of inquest into his death	Phillip Hughes inquest family walk out Inquest into Australian cricketer dead	1
Along with " lock her up , " one of the chants at last night's Trump rally was " CNN sucks	CNN Sucks,'One of the Chants at Trump Rally Last Night was  " lock her up '.	1
Yemen sees U.S. strikes as evidence of hidden hand behind Saudi air war	As evidence of hidden hand behind Saudi air war, Yemen sees U.S. strikes as a.	1
How the metaphors we use to describe discovery affect men and women in science and related fields	How the metaphors we use to describe discovery affect men and women in science & amp ; related fields	1
The Great British Bake Off has fundamentally changed the way the British regard baking	The Great British Bake Off Has Fundamentally Changed the Way the British Bake	1
Three Kansas militia members charged with plotting to bomb apartment complex home to Somali immigrants	Three members of a Kansas militia group are charged with plotting to bomb an apartment complex home belonging to Somali immigrants." property	1
ISIS has been laying ideological groundwork to maintain its appeal as it suffers on the battlefield	ISIS is laying ideological groundwork for its survival in battlegrounds	1
An American warship fired missiles at Houthi rebel sites in retaliation for attacks on U.S. ships	American warship fires missiles at rebel sites Houthi rebels in retaliation for attacks on U.S. ships	1
An American warship fired missiles at Houthi rebel sites in retaliation for attacks on U.S. ships	American warship fired missiles at Houthi rebel sites in retaliation for attacks on US ships" property	1
Clinton bashes Trump over Russia praise , but emails show she praised Putin	Hillary Clinton bashes Trump over Russia praise, emails show she praised Putin	1
Salesforce rules out a bid for Twitter , saying it's not the ' right fit	Salesforce Says It Is Not the Right Fit to Bid for Twitter	1
Two new polls show Hillary Clinton leading Donald Trump	2 New Polls Show Clinton Leading Donald Trump	1
Two new polls show Hillary Clinton leading Donald Trump	Two New Polls Show Clinton Leading Trump in Presidential Polls New polls show Clinton leading	1
asks you to post your cat photos on @instagram using #nytcats in honor of this piece	In honour of this piece I ask you to post your cat photos using #nytcats on #instagram	1
asks you to post your cat photos on @instagram using #nytcats in honor of this piece	In honor of this piece, #NytCats asked you to post your cat photos on instagram with #nycats	1
The risk of sexual harassment/assault is a ' special tax ' one that only women have to pay .	The risk of sexual harassment / assault is a special tax & amp ; one that only women have to pay.	1
The risk of sexual harassment/assault is a ' special tax ' one that only women have to pay .	The risk of sexual harassment/assisault is a  special tax '' which only women pay.	1
The risk of sexual harassment/assault is a ' special tax ' one that only women have to pay .	The risk of sexual harassment/ assault is a  special tax '', one that only women pay.	1
while i'm skeptical that anything like this really happens , look at what Trump has wrought .	While I'm skeptical that anything like this really happens, look at what @realDonaldTrump has wrought.	1
Donald Trump may again make Bill Clintons past a centerpiece of his case against Hillary Clinton in the debate	Donald Trump's Bill Clinton'past could be center of his case against Clinton in the debate	1
The Atlantic names Jeffrey Goldberg its editor in chief	The Atlantic announces Jeffrey Goldberg as editor in chief" property	1
The Atlantic names Jeffrey Goldberg its editor in chief	New @theatlantic editor in chief Jeffrey Goldberg	1
Is your area down to one insurer next year ? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story	Is your area down to one insurer next year? @APReporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story	1
#Sherlock is NOT over sets the record straight .	Sherlock is NOT over is the record straight	1
#Sherlock is NOT over sets the record straight .	Herlock is NOT over sets the record straight	1
This is not a lawsuit . This is complaining under letterhead .	This is not a lawsuit this is a complaint under letterhead.	1
This is not a lawsuit . This is complaining under letterhead .	This is not a lawsuit. This is a letterhead complaint.	1
A former Miss USA contestant says Trump inspected each woman before the pageant	Miss USA contestant says Trump inspected each woman before pageant	1
Shanghai's won't be able to get cosy in Ikea anymore	Shanghai won't be cosy at Ikea anymore	1
He did something accidentally that ancient explorers only dreamed of	He just happened to do something ancient explorers dreamed of.	1
Americas favorite undecided voter left an NSFW comment trail on Reddit	America&rsquo;s favorite undecided voter left an NSFW comment trail on Reddit	1
Clinton campaigns in Miami with Al Gore We can rally the world to cut carbon pollution	Hillary Clinton Campaign in Miami With Al Gore We can rally the world to cut #CO2 pollution	1
Clinton campaigns in Miami with Al Gore We can rally the world to cut carbon pollution	Al Gore and Clinton campaigns in Miami. We can rally the world to cut carbon. Thanks @FoxNews App	1
Clinton campaigns in Miami with Al Gore We can rally the world to cut carbon pollution	Clinton Campaign in Miami w/ Al Gore We can rally the world to cut carbon	1
Our degrading election gets the catchphrase it deserves	The Degrading Election Gets the Catchphrase It Really Needs	1
calls attack on North Carolina GOP office ' horrific and unacceptable	call attack on #NorthCarolina GOP office'horrific and unacceptable	1
Chris Christie won't defend Donald Trump's comments , but he's sticking with him	Christie won't defend Trump's comments, sticking with	1
Chris Christie won't defend Donald Trump's comments , but he's sticking with him	Christie won't defend Trump's comments, but he's sticking with.	1
Chris Christie won't defend Donald Trump's comments , but he's sticking with him	Chris Christie wont defend Trump's comments, he's sticking with him	1
Chris Christie won't defend Donald Trump's comments , but he's sticking with him	Christie wont defend Trump's comments. He's sticking with him.	1
Rise of Saudi Prince Shatters Decades of Royal Tradition	Saudi Prince'Rising Star Shatters Decades of Royal Tradition	1
Iran deploys warships off Yemen after US , Houthis trade fire	Iran deploys warships off Yemen, citing Houthis, US trade fire	1
Instagram is adding Stories to another section of its app	Instagram has started adding Stories to its app to this feature	1
Instagram is adding Stories to another section of its app	Instagram introduces Stories to One of its App	1
What if there were more women in tech ?	What would you do if there were more women in tech?	1
Science and technology will make mental and emotional wellbeing scalable , accessible , and cheap	Science and tech will make mental and emotional wellbeing scalable, accessible and&nbsp;cheap	1
Science and technology will make mental and emotional wellbeing scalable , accessible , and cheap	Science and technology will make mental and emotional wellness scalable, accessible and&nbsp;cheap	1
Science and technology will make mental and emotional wellbeing scalable , accessible , and cheap	Science and technology will make #mind-body wellbeing scalable, accessible & amp ;& amp ;& amp ; cheap	1
Science and technology will make mental and emotional wellbeing scalable , accessible , and cheap	Science and technology will make mental and emotional wellnessscalable, accessible and&nbsp;cheap	1
Science and technology will make mental and emotional wellbeing scalable , accessible , and cheap	Science and technology will make mental and emotional wellbeing scalable, accessible and&nbsp;cheap	1
Science and technology will make mental and emotional wellbeing scalable , accessible , and cheap	Science and technology will make mental and emotional wellbeing scalable, accessible, and&nbsp;cheap	1
Science and technology will make mental and emotional wellbeing scalable , accessible , and cheap	Science and technology will make mental & amp ; emotional wellbeing scalable, accessible & amp ; cheap	1
This was not just a lewd conversation . This wasnt locker room banter .	This wasn&rsquo;t just lewd conversation. This wasn&rsquo;t locker room banter.	1
This was not just a lewd conversation . This wasnt locker room banter .	The question was this: This was not just a lewd conversation, this was not locker room banter.	1
This was not just a lewd conversation . This wasnt locker room banter .	This was not just a lewd conversation. This wasn&rsquo;t locker room banter.	1
Nadia Murad , Yazidi woman who survived ISIS captivity , wins Human Rights Prize	Nadia Murad, #Yazidi woman who survived #ISIS captivity, wins Human Rights Prize	1
Im the last thing standing between you and the apocalypse	Im the last thing standing between you & amp ; the apocalypse	1
As Chinas Economy Slows , a Look at What Could Happen	As Chinas Economy Slows, the Evidence Could Happen	1
As Chinas Economy Slows , a Look at What Could Happen	As Chinas Economy Slows, this Could Happen	1
Donald Trump allies focus anger on another target	President-elect @realDonaldTrump Allies Focus Anger on Another Target	1
The EpiPen is about to get some more competition	Some more competition for the EpiPen Is About to Get	1
The EpiPen is about to get some more competition	We'll see what they bring. EpiPen gets a little more competition The EpiPen is about to get some	1
In April , Patton Oswalts wife died . Coping with grief , he returns to stand-up .	Patton Oswalts wife died in April, and as she faced grief, he returns to stand-up.	1
In April , Patton Oswalts wife died . Coping with grief , he returns to stand-up .	In April, Patton Oswalts wife died, and while coping with grief he returns to stand-up comedy.	1
In April , Patton Oswalts wife died . Coping with grief , he returns to stand-up .	Patton Oswalts wife dies in April, and he returns to stand-up after suffering from grief	1
In April , Patton Oswalts wife died . Coping with grief , he returns to stand-up .	Patton Oswalt&rsquo;s wife died in April. Coping with grief, he returns to stand-up.	1
In April , Patton Oswalts wife died . Coping with grief , he returns to stand-up .	Patton Oswalts wife died in April, and he is back to stand-up to battle grief.	1
In April , Patton Oswalts wife died . Coping with grief , he returns to stand-up .	Patton Oswalts Wife Dies in April, Embracing Grief, he Returns to Stand Up	1
Megyn Kelly's clash with Newt Gingrich again raised the question of Fox News's future	Megyn Kellys Rivalry With Newt Gingrich Reiters the Question of FOX News Future	1
Megyn Kelly's clash with Newt Gingrich again raised the question of Fox News's future	Megyn Kellys Squabble With Newt Gingrich Reiterates The Problem of FOX News Future	1
Megyn Kelly's clash with Newt Gingrich again raised the question of Fox News's future	Megyn Kellys Cross Talk With Newt Gingrich Reaped the Question of Fox News' Future	1
Megyn Kelly's clash with Newt Gingrich again raised the question of Fox News's future	Megyn Kellys Dispute With Newt Gingrich Reeves Question of Fox News Future	1
A burning cross once set Old Dixie Highway aglow . Now the road has a new name President Barack Obama Highway .	O.K. After a Sensational Cross Once Set Old Dixie Highway aglow, Now the Road Has a New Name President Barack Obama Highway.	1
A burning cross once set Old Dixie Highway aglow . Now the road has a new name President Barack Obama Highway .	In an original signpost, a burning cross once set the Old Dixie Highway ablaze. Now the road has been changed from the road President Barack Obama Highway.	1
A photographer working for @nytimes was hit by an ISIS car bomb last week in Iraq .	A New York Times photographer was hit by an ISIS car bomb last week, in Iraq	1
12 books to read in your 20s	12 Books You Need to Read in Your 20s. Read these.	1
The fight to retake Raqqa from ISIS needs to start soon to disrupt planned terrorist attacks , a U.S. general said	fight to retake Raqqa from ISIS needs to start soon, U.S. general says, in order to disrupt planned terrorist attacks	1
NFL and English Premier League ratings are way down . That concerns the networks that shelled out billions for them .	NFL and English Premier League ratings are way down. That's sad for the networks that shelled out billions for them	1
He was once called " The Man Who Gave Us AIDS . New research declares that he wasn't .	AIDS Man Who Gave Us AIDS: The New Research Says He Wasn&rsquo;t.&rsquo;t.&rsquo;t.	1
It's unnerving to discover that the mentally ill are someone's idea of a ghoul or zombie	Mental Illness Is Unnerving to Discover That the Mental Ill Are Someones Idea of a Ghoul or Zombie	1
For some , it can be cheaper to go without insurance and pay the IRS than to pay an insurance company	For some it can be cheaper to go without insurance and pay the IRS, or to contract an insurance company.	1
For some , it can be cheaper to go without insurance and pay the IRS than to pay an insurance company	For some it may be cheaper to go without insurance and pay the IRS, or more importantly, to pay an insurance company	1
In case you need travel plans A 3,000 -mile road trip in search of southern barbecue	In case you need travel plans, check out this journey of 3,000 miles in search of southern barbecue	1
What we learned from five hours of Trump on tape	The full story of five hours of @realDonaldTrump on tape	1
Kesha wants people to know that right now , she is the opposite of free	Kesha Wants People to Know That Right Now, She Is the Exactly the Opposition of the Free	1
Kesha wants people to know that right now , she is the opposite of free	Kesha wants you to know that right now she is the opposite of free	1
I think that I'm so honest that it gets me in trouble . I'm a very smart person .	Think I'm So Honest That It Gets Me in Trouble I'm a Very Smart Person.	1
Some Koreans dont wait to die to find out what their funeral will be like , from the inside .	Some Koreans Don&rsquo;t Wait to Die to Find Out What Their Funeral Will Be Like From the Inside	1
New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte I made a mistake " in calling Trump a role model	New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte says she made a " mistake " in calling Trump a role model.	1
The problem with our quest for happiness is that , apparently , it's making us miserable	It seems that our quest for happiness is making us miserable.	1
The president of the Philippines wants " a separation " from the U.S. But the bonds between the 2 countries run deep .	Philippines President Wants Separation From U.S., But Borders Run Deep	1
The president of the Philippines wants " a separation " from the U.S. But the bonds between the 2 countries run deep .	President of the Philippines Wants " Separation " From U.S. But the Bands Between The 2 Countries Run Deep.	1
The president of the Philippines wants " a separation " from the U.S. But the bonds between the 2 countries run deep .	Philippines President Hopes for Separation From U.S. But the Bonds Between the 2 Countries Run Deep	1
Time Warner CEO We believe the merger will be a catalyst to more competition & amp ; innovation .	The time Warner CEO We believe the merger will be a catalyst for more innovation, innovation, and competition.	1
You are fascinated with sex and you don't care about public policy .	Sex is a trait that you are obsessed with and don't care about the public policy.	1
The 8 friends you make in the modern workplace	8 friends you make in your workplace Modern Workplace.	1
The 8 friends you make in the modern workplace	8 friends you make in your modern workplace. The 8 friends you make in your work.	1
Paul Beatty's novel " The Sellout , " a blistering satire about race in America , won the Man Booker Prize	Man Booker Prize: Paul Beattys Novel The Sellout, Blasting Satirie of Race in America	1
Colin Powell says hell vote for Hillary Clinton	Colin Powell: "I'm voting for Hillary Clinton." @CNNPolitics	1
Facebook Messenger now supports PayPal payments in bots , will track your PayPal receipts	FB Messenger now supports PayPal payments in bots, will track your PayPal receipts	1
Facebook Messenger now supports PayPal payments in bots , will track your PayPal receipts	Facebook Messenger now supports PayPal payments in bots, will track your PayPal & amp ; receipts	1
The plot turns have kept coming in North Carolina's election year	The plot turns have kept coming in #NorthCarolina election year.	1
To black Americans , Trump's remarks are not necessarily jolting . In fact , they are familiar .	Black Voters: Trump isn't necessarily jolting; in fact, they're familiar." property	1
Americans uneasy with IoT devices like those used in Dyn DDoS attack , surv .	Americans are uneasy with IoT devices like those used in Dyn DDoS attack, report says	1
Climate change is expected to displace millions of people . China is already moving entire towns .	Climate change will mean millions displaced. But China is already resettling entire towns	1
Singapore to trial driverless buses after successful shuttle pilot	Singapore to trial driverless buses after successful shuttle&nbsp;pilot	1
Singapore to trial driverless buses after successful shuttle pilot	Singapore tries driverless buses after successful shuttle pilot	1
Ashes to ashes is fine , the Vatican says , as long as you dont spread them around	The Vatican says it will be OK as long as you dont spread the ashes around	1
Ashes to ashes is fine , the Vatican says , as long as you dont spread them around	Ashes to ashes OK, Vatican says, as long as you dont spread them around	1
Ashes to ashes is fine , the Vatican says , as long as you dont spread them around	The Vatican said, as long as you dont spread them around, cremations are fine.	1
Ashes to ashes is fine , the Vatican says , as long as you dont spread them around	Vatican says cremation is fine as long as you don't spread them around	1
Weed on-demand startup Eaze inhales $13 million in funding to grow into new markets	Weed on-demand startup Eaze inhales $13 million in funding to grow into new&nbsp;markets	1
World Series Game 5 Cubs Get One More Chance Against Indians	World Series Game 5 Cubs Face Indians for Win One More Chance	1
We're against putting migrants all over France a demonstrator from the National Front yelled . It's a time bomb !	Were against putting migrants all over France? A National Front demonstrator yelled: "It's a time bomb!	1
merges indoor cycling with massive multi-player onlinegaming	Merges indoor cycling with massive multi-player online&nbsp;gaming	1
Indians 6 , Cubs 0 Cleveland leads series , 1-0 Indians Shut Out the Cubs in Game 1 of the World Series	Cleveland leads in series with Indians 6, Cubs 0 Indians Shut Out Cubs in Game 1 of World Series	1
Indians 6 , Cubs 0 Cleveland leads series , 1-0 Indians Shut Out the Cubs in Game 1 of the World Series	Cleveland leads series, Indians shut out Cubs in Game 1 of the World Series	1
Facebook embraces utility with food ordering and ticketing	Facebook embraces utility with food ordering and&nbsp;ticketing	1
Facebook embraces utility with food ordering and ticketing	Facebook embraces utility with food ordering&nbsp;and ticketing	1
Facebook embraces utility with food ordering and ticketing	Facebook embraces utility with food ordering & amp ; ticketing	1
The first movie shot in super-high-res 3-D looks fantastic . Its also unwatchable	Fantastic First Movie Shot in Super-High-Res 3-D. Its Unwatchable.	1
The first movie shot in super-high-res 3-D looks fantastic . Its also unwatchable	Super-High-Res 3-D Cinematography Is Unwatchable First Movie Shot in Super-High-Res 3-D Seems Fantastic.	1
The emails to be reviewed were found on the computer of Anthony Weiner , Huma Abedins husband	Review of the emails was found on the computer of Anthony Weiner, husband of Huma Abedin	1
The emails to be reviewed were found on the computer of Anthony Weiner , Huma Abedins husband	The emails to review were found on the computer of Anthony Weiner, husband of Huma Abedin	1
Facebook renews efforts to fight bullying with Safety Center relaunch	Facebook relaunches its bullying prevention tool with Safety Center.	1
The complete list of Trump's insults on Twitter .	The Complete List of Donald Trump's Twitter Defamations.	1
We explain it all in this Q and A .	In this Q and A, we explain everything.	1
Elon Musk says we're going to Mars , and we're bringing tunneling droids	A man by name Elon Musk says we're going to Mars, and we're bringing tunneling droids	1
Elon Musk says we're going to Mars , and we're bringing tunneling droids	Elon Musk says SpaceX is going to Mars, and we're taking tunneling droids too.	1
Elon Musk says we're going to Mars , and we're bringing tunneling droids	Elon Musk says we're going to Mars, and we're bringin the tunneling droids.	1
Early Turnout Tilts Toward Democrats in Swing States	early voting favored Democrats in swing states" property	1
Google curbs expansion of fiber optic network , cutting jobs	Googles Fiber Optic Network Cures Expansion, Cuts Jobs	1
14 hashtags helping people with disabilities find community on social media	14 #Hashtags For People With Disabilities to Find Community on Social Media	1
14 hashtags helping people with disabilities find community on social media	14 #Hattags Helping People with Disabilities Find Community on #SocialMedia	1
14 hashtags helping people with disabilities find community on social media	14 #Hattags Helping People With Disabilities Find Community on Social Media	1
14 hashtags helping people with disabilities find community on social media	14 #Hattags to Help People With Disabilities Find Community on Social Media	1
14 hashtags helping people with disabilities find community on social media	14 #Habits That Help People with Disabilities Find Community on Social Media	1
The Clintons didn't get permits to renovate the new house they bought in Chappaqua , New York , records show	The Clintons Didn&rsquo;t Get Permits to Renovate the Chappaqua House They Acquired, Records Show.	1
The Clintons didn't get permits to renovate the new house they bought in Chappaqua , New York , records show	Clintons didn't get permits to re build their new Chappaqua house, records show.	1
The Clintons didn't get permits to renovate the new house they bought in Chappaqua , New York , records show	Hillary Clintons Didnt Get Permits to Renovate Chappaqua House They Acquired, Records Show	1
Trade is falling . The United States is no exception to the broader trend .	Trade is falling the.. The United States is no exception to the broader trend.	1
Donald Trump has a 4-point lead in Florida , an NYT poll finds . A month ago , he trailed Hillary Clinton by one .	Trump has a 4-point lead in Florida, NYT finds. Last month, he trailed Clinton by one.	1
Its well-established that Hillary Clinton belonged to a satanic cult , still does .	Its well-established that Clinton belonged to a satanistic cult, & amp ; still does	1
More than 1,200 police , officials begin operation to clear ' Jungle ' migrant camp in Calais , France	More Than 1,200 police and officials begin operation to clear'Jungle'migrant camp in Calais, France @CNN	1
More than 1,200 police , officials begin operation to clear ' Jungle ' migrant camp in Calais , France	More than 1,200 police and officials begin operation to clear'Jungle'migrant camp in Calais, France @CNN	1
Cubs threaten , but Indians are holding a 3-0 lead in World Series Game 1 . Live updates here	World Series: Cubs Threat, Indians Hold 3-0 Lead in Game 1	1
Cubs threaten , but Indians are holding a 3-0 lead in World Series Game 1 . Live updates here	Cubs Threat, but Indians Hold a 3-0 Lead in World Series Game 1	1
The broken promises of genetically modified crops	Breaking Promises of Genetically Modified Crops	1
The broken promises of genetically modified crops	Those Broken Promises of Genetically Modified Crops.	1
Philip Roths personal library will be housed in a special room at the Newark Public Library	Philip Roth will house his books in a special room at Newark Public Library	1
Philip Roths personal library will be housed in a special room at the Newark Public Library	Philip Roth will book his library books in a special room at the Newark Public Library	1
Philip Roths personal library will be housed in a special room at the Newark Public Library	Philip Roth will receive his entire library, housed in a special room at Newark Public Library	1
New CNN/ORC poll Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 5 points heading in to final two weeks	New CNN/ORC poll Clinton leads Trump by 5 points heading into final two weeks'@CNNPolitics	1
Last week , @DouthatNYT wrote about the dangers of Hillary Clinton . This week , the dangers of Trump .	Last week, @DouthatNYT wrote about the dangers of @HillaryClinton. This week, the dangers of @Trump.	1
20 places to travel in your 20s	20 Things to Travel In Your 20s!	1
20 places to travel in your 20s	20 Ways to Travel in Your 20se	1
20 places to travel in your 20s	20 Things to Travel in Your 20s	1
Halloween wasn't always so scary . It used to be more about flirting and romance .	A little history lesson for this Halloween. Halloween used to be more about flirtation and romance.	1
Halloween wasn't always so scary . It used to be more about flirting and romance .	Halloween Wasnt Always So Scary: It Used to Be More About Fright and Romance	1
Halloween wasn't always so scary . It used to be more about flirting and romance .	Halloween Wasnt Always So Scary. It Used to Be More About Fluttering and Romance.	1
Halloween wasn't always so scary . It used to be more about flirting and romance .	Halloween Wasnt Always So Scary. It Used to Be More About Fluttering & amp ; Romance	1
Halloween wasn't always so scary . It used to be more about flirting and romance .	Halloween Wasn&rsquo;t Always So Scary. It Used to Be More About Frighting and Romance.	1
He was a big league baseball prospect who became a mob hit man . Meet Maurice Lerner , a.k.a. Pro , a.k.a. Reno .	A big league baseball prospect who became a mob hit man, meets Maurice Lerner, A.k.a. Pro, A.k.a. Reno	1
Hillarys Al Smith Dinner address was absurdly funny and beautifully poignant	Hillary Clintons Al Smith Dinner address absurdly funny and beautifully poignant	1
A new poll shows Clinton leading Trump by double-digits	New poll shows Clinton beating Trump by double-digits	1
Martin Luther didn't just nail his 95 theses to a church door . He made pamphlets , wrote hymns and used images .	Martin Luther didn&rsquo;t just nail his 95 theses to a church door; He made pamphlets, wrote hymns and used images.	1
Martin Luther didn't just nail his 95 theses to a church door . He made pamphlets , wrote hymns and used images .	Martin Luther did more than nailed his 95 theses to the door of his church. He made pamphlets, wrote hymns, and used images.	1
Martin Luther didn't just nail his 95 theses to a church door . He made pamphlets , wrote hymns and used images .	How Martin Luther Made Pamphlets, Wrote Hymns, and Used Images	1
Martin Luther didn't just nail his 95 theses to a church door . He made pamphlets , wrote hymns and used images .	Martin Luther didn&rsquo;t just nail his 95 theses to a church door, he made pamphlets, wrote hymns and used images.	1
At 91 , she told her family she was ready to die . Im just going to stop eating and drinking .	At 91, she told her family that she was ready to die. 'Mein i just going to stop eating and drinking. " property	1
Clinton edges up in our North Carolina estimates based on early voting	Hillary Clinton Edges Up in NC Estimates Based on Early Voting	1
John McCain accidently reveals how the GOPs Supreme Court strategy is backfiring	John McCain Accidently Explains How the GOP Supreme Court Strategy Is Backfiring&nbsp;Support	1
Pizzas , pony rides and dolphin shows North Korea's elites get a taste of the better life	Poppies and pony rides and dolphin shows North Koreas elites a taste of the better life	1
Pizzas , pony rides and dolphin shows North Korea's elites get a taste of the better life	Pizzas, Pony Rides and Dolphin Shows Best North Korea Elites Taste the Better Life	1
Pizzas , pony rides and dolphin shows North Korea's elites get a taste of the better life	Pizzas, Ponies, and Dolphin Shows K.K.s Elites Get a Taste of the Better Life	1
A stark choice for Syrians Doom " or the green bus	A stark choice for Syrians in #syrian, #Doom or the green bus	1
A stark choice for Syrians Doom " or the green bus	Strong choice for Syrians #Doom or the Green Bus	1
GOP leaders created the myth of the " rigged vote . Now they are trying to renounce it	GOP leaders created the myth of the'rigged vote '. Now theyre trying to renounce it	1
GOP leaders created the myth of the " rigged vote . Now they are trying to renounce it	GOP leaders created the myth of the'rigged vote. Now theyre trying to renounce it.	1
GOP leaders created the myth of the " rigged vote . Now they are trying to renounce it	Republicans Created the Myth of the &ldquo;Rigged Vote.&rdquo; Now They&rsquo;re Trying to Hide From It.	1
Mesmerising footage shows mist rolling over cliffs on Jurassic Coast in Dorset	Miraculous footage of this mist rolling over cliffs at the Dorset Jurassic Coast	1
A quick guide to rising Obamacare rates and who will be affected	Quick Guide to Rising Obamacare Rates and Who Will Be Affected By Them	1
The Pirate Party , which just tripled its seats in Iceland's Parliament , wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution	Pirate Party, which just tripled its seats in Iceland's Parliament, wants to pass'crowd-sourced constitution'@CNNPolitics	1
The Pirate Party , which just tripled its seats in Iceland's Parliament , wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution	The Pirate Party, which just tripled its seats in Iceland's parliament, wants to pass a & amp ; pass it with a crowd-sourced constitution	1
Berkeley protesters demand ' spaces of color , ' harass white students trying to pass	Berkeley protesters'spaces of color,'harass white students trying to pass	1
Donald Trump says " Obamacare is just blowing up , " citing rate increases	Trump says health law is just blowing up, citing rate increases Trump on that	1
Can you predict the next president ? Play our game	Predict the president with this interactive prediction game.	1
Can you predict the next president ? Play our game	Predict the president by playing our game	1
Could your own immune system kill cancer ?	Could your own immune system kill #cancer?	1
Could your own immune system kill cancer ?	Can your own immune system kill #cancer?	1
Could your own immune system kill cancer ?	Your own immune system could kill cancer? Let's check it out.	1
If the FBI announcement influences the election , it could be an abuse of power .	If the #FBI announcement affects the #election, it could be an abuse of power.	1
If the FBI announcement influences the election , it could be an abuse of power .	If the #FBI announcement has any bearing on the #election, it could be an abuse of power.	1
Top adviser on Clinton Wall Street speeches It's pretty bad	Clinton Advisor on Wall Street Speaking Pretty Bad	1
Top adviser on Clinton Wall Street speeches It's pretty bad	A Top Advisor on Clinton Wall Street Speeches It's pretty bad&nbsp;&nbsp;	1
says " support & amp ; assurances from the UK government " mean it's investing in British plant after #Brexit vote	UK Government'support & amp ; assurances mean it's investing in British plant following #Brexit vote	1
says " support & amp ; assurances from the UK government " mean it's investing in British plant after #Brexit vote	UK will invest in British plant after Brexit.'says UK Government'support & amp ; assurances	1
The best of times for whom ?	Who's the best of times?	1
The best of times for whom ?	What Is The Best of Times for Whom?	1
Thousands of soldiers forced to repay enlistment bonuses a decade later	A decade later, a slew of veterans still had to repay their enlistment bonuses	1
She never spoke of it to her husband . Then she heard the Trump tape .	Why She Never Said About It to Her Husband. Then She Heard the Trump Tape	1
The love story that began with a liver transplant	Embracing a Liver Transplant, Your Love Story	1
FBI agents knew they might uncover materials related to Clinton email investigation while reviewing Weiner's laptop	F.B.I. agents were aware they might uncover materials related to Clinton Email Investigation, while reviewing Weiners laptop.	1
Pentagon demands return of cash bonuses paid to California soldiers for going to war a decade ago	Pentagon demanding return of cash bonuses paid to '' a decade ago to California soldiers for going to war.	1
England will host the 2021 Rugby League World Cup More	The 2021 Rugby League World Cup will be England's home base	1
England will host the 2021 Rugby League World Cup More	World Rugby League World Cup 2021 England selected as hosts	1
Former Rep. Joe Walsh If Trump loses , I'm grabbing my musket .	Ex-congressman Joe Walsh says if Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket!	1
Group says New Jersey high school's police event sends ' frightening message	New Jersey high school security event sends 'frightful message " property	1
Anthony Weiner's name has resurfaced , and Democrats aren't happy . He is like a recurring nightmare .	Anthony Weiner: My Name Has Resurfaced, and Democrats Aren&rsquo;t Happy. He&rsquo;s Like a Recurrent Nightmare.	1
New Yorks governor signs bill that will impose steep fines on Airbnb hosts who break local housing regulations	New York State will impose steep fines on Airbnb hosts who break local housing rules #Gouverneur signs bill on the issue @realDonaldTrump	1
Trump outlines plan for first 100 days	Trumps plan for 100 days	1
Sasha Obama took a snap of her father discussing #Snapchat . and posted it to her Snapchat friends	Taking a Snap of Her Father Discussing Snapchat.. and Posting It to Her Snapchat Friends. by @SashaObama	1
Sasha Obama took a snap of her father discussing #Snapchat . and posted it to her Snapchat friends	instagram Sasha Obama Snaps At His Parent Discussing Snapchat. and Posts It to Her Snapchat Friends	1
First woman to climb Everest dies aged 77	First woman to summit Everest dead at 77 First woman to climb Everest.	1
Nearly 6,000 women responded to a NYT call-out about their lives in Saudi Arabia	Almost 6,000 women wrote to a Times call-out about their lives in the kingdom of Saudi Arabia	1
Clinton ally aided campaign of FBI official's wife	Clinton Ally Helped Campaign of FBI Officials Wife	1
Clinton ally aided campaign of FBI official's wife	Hillary Clinton Ally Helped Campaign of FBI Officials Wife	1
Hackers used web-connected devices like cameras to stage attacks that are disrupting major websites	Hackers Used Cameras to Streak Major Websites	1
Hackers used web-connected devices like cameras to stage attacks that are disrupting major websites	Hackers Used Cameras to Disrupt Major Websites	1
Hackers used web-connected devices like cameras to stage attacks that are disrupting major websites	Hackers Used Cameras to Strut Major Websites	1
US troops near Mosul wear protective masks after sulphur plant set alight in fighting with so-called Islamic State	US troops near Mosul wear protective masks after sulphur plant exploded in battle with IS.	1
The EU and Canada have signed a trade agreement that commits them to opening their markets to greater competition	Canada and EU Sign Trade Deal To Open Their Markets to Greater Competition	1
The EU and Canada have signed a trade agreement that commits them to opening their markets to greater competition	Canada and the EU Sign Trade Deal, Committing to Opening Their Markets to Greater Competition	1
The EU and Canada have signed a trade agreement that commits them to opening their markets to greater competition	Canada and E.U. Sign Trade Deal That Will Open Our Markets to Greater Competition	1
The EU and Canada have signed a trade agreement that commits them to opening their markets to greater competition	Canada and EU Sign Trade Deal, Commit to Opening Their Markets to Greater Competition	1
The EU and Canada have signed a trade agreement that commits them to opening their markets to greater competition	Canada and the EU sign a trade deal to open their markets to greater competition	1
The EU and Canada have signed a trade agreement that commits them to opening their markets to greater competition	Canada and EU Sign Trade Deal that Commit to Open Up Markets to Greater Competition	1
The EU and Canada have signed a trade agreement that commits them to opening their markets to greater competition	Canada and EU Sign Trade Deal to Open Markets to Greater Competition	1
At least 13 people killed in California tour bus , semi-truck crash , officials say	13 people killed in California tour bus & amp ; semi-truck crash	1
Also known as White Dudes Getting Away With Crazy ShitCase #5 , 000,000,000,000,000	Also known as #WhiteDudes Getting Away With Crazy ShitCase #5, 000,000,000,000,000,	1
Donald Trump has spent a fraction of what Hillary Clinton has on ads	Trumps spending on ads is a fraction of what Clinton has	1
Donald Trump has spent a fraction of what Hillary Clinton has on ads	Trump is spending only a fraction of what Clinton has on ad c.	1
Donald Trump has spent a fraction of what Hillary Clinton has on ads	Trump's spending on ads is only a fraction of what Clinton has	1
Donald Trump has spent a fraction of what Hillary Clinton has on ads	Donald Trumps Campaign Has Spent a Fraction of What Clinton Has on Ads	1
Women who escaped ISIS explain what life was like under the terror group	A woman who escaped ISIS explains what it felt like to be under this gang of terrorists	1
Women who escaped ISIS explain what life was like under the terror group	Exiting ISIS as Women Exit from ISIS Explains Life After ISIS	1
Women who escaped ISIS explain what life was like under the terror group	The women who escaped ISIS have stories of what it's like to live under terror.	1
Oregon standoff trial verdict All defendants not guilty .	All defendants found not guilty of Oregon standoff.	1
Oregon standoff trial verdict All defendants not guilty .	All defendants found not guilty in Oregon standoff case	1
Oregon standoff trial verdict All defendants not guilty .	All defendants in Oregon standoff trial found not guilty	1
Donald Trump says he is ready to spend much more of his own money before Election Day	Donald Trump says he will use much more of his own money for the eve of election day	1
European Parliament head tries to save EU-Canada trade talks	EU parliament head tries to save #Canadatradetalk	1
I used to love telling the story of how we met . But now I dont , so I wont	I Used to Love Telling the Story of How We Met. Now I Don&rsquo;t, So I Will.	1
Here's how the Feds made the maps that crippled black neighborhoods	How the Federal Government Made the Maps That Crippled Black Neighborhoods	1
Here's how the Feds made the maps that crippled black neighborhoods	Here's how the Federal Government made the maps that crippled black neighborhoods	1
Here's how the Feds made the maps that crippled black neighborhoods	Heres How the Federal Government Made the Maps That Crippled Black Neighborhoods	1
Waaaaaait this and also Jill Stein is worth maybe $8 million ?	What about this and also Jill Stein is worth maybe $8m?	1
Waaaaaait this and also Jill Stein is worth maybe $8 million ?	In other news, Jill Stein is worth maybe $8 million!	1
Waaaaaait this and also Jill Stein is worth maybe $8 million ?	Jill Stein is worth up to $8m!	1
Waaaaaait this and also Jill Stein is worth maybe $8 million ?	Whaaaat this and also Jill Steins is worth maybe $8 Million?	1
Waaaaaait this and also Jill Stein is worth maybe $8 million ?	Jill Stein is worth maybe $8M. What's this all about?	1
Trump congratulates Newt Gingrich on " amazing interview " after epic clash with Megyn Kelly	Trump congratulates Gingrich on " amazing interview" after epic clash with Kelly.	1
Trump takes aim at First Lady Michelle Obama	President-elect @realDonaldTrump takes aim at First Lady Michelle Obama	1
A Trump employee is suing for extreme anti-gay harassment	Trump employee suing for extreme anti-LGBT harassment	1
CNNs @andersoncooper announces the top 10 #CNNHeroes of 2016	CNNs Anderson Cooper, Top 10 CNNHeroes of 2016 " news.	1
Apple reinvents the keyboard with their newest Macbook Pro	Apple will be at it again! Rethinking the laptop keyboard is for Apple with this newest Macbook Pro.	1
Apple reinvents the keyboard with their newest Macbook Pro	Apples MacBook Pro reinvents the keyboard with Apple's New MacBook Pro	1
Apple reinvents the keyboard with their newest Macbook Pro	Apple has reinvented the keyboard with its latest #Macbook Pro	1
Why pop culture just can't deal with black male sexuality	Why Pop Culture Just Cant Deal With Black Male Sexuality.	1
Why pop culture just can't deal with black male sexuality	Why pop culture just cant deal with black male sexuality.	1
Why pop culture just can't deal with black male sexuality	Why pop culture just cant deal with black male sexuality	1
Why pop culture just can't deal with black male sexuality	Why Pop Culture Just Cant Deal With Black Male Sexuality	1
Why paying $ 2,500 for " Hamilton " tickets is a good thing	Why paying $ 2,500 for a " Hamilton's " are good.	1
Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani Obamacare is Obama fraud	New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani said the Affordable Care Act is Obama fraud.	1
When Trump says the election's rigged , " he's saying your vote doesn't matter	When @realDonaldTrump says the election is rigged, he says the vote doesnt matter	1
When Trump says the election's rigged , " he's saying your vote doesn't matter	Donald Trump Says Election Is Rigged, but Says Your Vote Doesnt Matter	1
Hillarys new Humayun Khan ad is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	Hillary Clintons New Humayun Khan Ad Is Blatant and Devastatingly Effective	1
Hillarys new Humayun Khan ad is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	Hillary&rsquo;s New Humayun&rsquo; Khan Ad IsBrutal to Watch and Devastatingly Effective	1
Hillarys new Humayun Khan ad is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	Hillary Clintons New Humayun Khan Ad Is Bloody to Watch and Devastatingly Effective	1
Hillarys new Humayun Khan ad is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	Hillary Clinton&rsquo;s New Humayun Khan Ad Is Brutal to Watch and Devastatingly Effective	1
Peter Thiel on Donald Trump Were at such a crucial point that you have to overlook personal characteristics	Peter Thiel, on Donald Trump Were at Such a Critical Point That You Have to Overcome Personal Merits	1
Peter Thiel on Donald Trump Were at such a crucial point that you have to overlook personal characteristics	Peter Thiel on Donald Trump Were at such a Critical Moment that You Have to Overlook Personal Feature Adversity	1
We we haven't held the election yet guys ?	We haven&rsquo;t yet held the election&rsquo;t we?	1
A cliff-top village built a steel ladder for Chinese children to get to school	Steel ladder to help Chinese kids to go to school : A cliff-top village built a steel ladder	1
we need to order 50 t-shirts pink ? rose gold so pink yeah ? rose gold pin- ROSE GOLD .	order 50 T-Shirts pink? rose gold so pink yeah? rose gold pin-ROSE GOLD.	1
we need to order 50 t-shirts pink ? rose gold so pink yeah ? rose gold pin- ROSE GOLD .	need 50 t-shirts pink? rose gold so pink yeah? rose gold pin - Rose Gold.	1
GMOs were supposed to cut the use of pesticides . An NYT investigation shows they aren't living up to that promise .	GMOs Were supposed to Cut The Use of Pesticides, but New York Times Investigates They Aren&rsquo;t Living Up To This Promise	1
Hackers Used New Weapons to Disrupt Major Websites Across U.S.	Hackers Used New Weapons to Disrupt Major WebsitesAcross U.S.	1
Republican women feel betrayed by their party . They won't soon forget it	GOP Women Feel Betrayed by Their Party. They Will Never Remember It!	1
Republican women feel betrayed by their party . They won't soon forget it	Republican Women Feel Betrayed by Their Party. They Wont & amp ; Will Never Remember It.	1
People in careers like teaching can end up with retirement plans that whittle away their savings with excessive fees	People in Education Begins with Expensive Retirement Plans that Whittle Off Their Savings With Excessive Fees	1
Donald Trump and family preview path to victory	The Trump family is a great guide to victory.	1
Donald Trump and family preview path to victory	Trump and family see path to victory	1
Donald Trump and family preview path to victory	Trump & amp ; family preview path to victory.	1
Donald Trump and family preview path to victory	Donald Trump and his family are prepping a path to victory.	1
David Duke thinks Assange is a hero	Duke thinks Assange is a hero Duke believes assange is a	1
Clinton's advisers said they were not changing strategy to try to contain potential damage of the new FBI inquiry	Clintons advisers don't change strategy to try to contain the potential damage of the new FBI inquiry	1
Donald Trump lays out agenda for first 100 days of his presidency if he wins	Donald #Trump has outlined his agenda for the first 100 days of his presidency if he wins	1
Donald Trump has a 2-point edge over Hillary Clinton in a new Florida poll	Trump has a 2 percentage point edge in Florida compared to Clinton in today's poll	1
Donald Trump has a 2-point edge over Hillary Clinton in a new Florida poll	Trump has 2-point edge over Clinton in Florida New Florida poll	1
Hillary Clinton called on the FBI to release more information about what it had found " without delay	Hillary Clinton Appeals F.B.I. to Release More Information About What It Found'Without DETAIL	1
Hillary Clinton called on the FBI to release more information about what it had found " without delay	Hillary Clinton Calls for Federal Bureau to Release More Information About What It Found'Immediately	1
Hillary Clinton called on the FBI to release more information about what it had found " without delay	Clinton Calls for F.B.I. to Release More Information About Her Findings'Without Achieving	1
Hillary Clinton called on the FBI to release more information about what it had found " without delay	Clinton calls on FBI to release more information on what it had found'urgently.	1
What 5 colleges are doing to control student drinking and how students continue to sip , gulp and chug anyway	What's this? 5 universities are taking steps to control alcohol and how students continue to sip, gulp and chug anyway	1
Trump , aka " the other Donald Trump , " says he'll be voting for Hillary Clinton	aka " The Other Donald Trump " Says He Will Be Voting for Clinton" @CNNPolitics	1
Trump , aka " the other Donald Trump , " says he'll be voting for Hillary Clinton	If @realDonaldTrump comes through, it will be " the other #Trump" who is voting for #HillaryClinton.	1
I've spent 4.5 hours debating Trump , " proving once again I have the stamina to be president .	Ive spent 4.5 hours debating Trump, "proving once again I have the stamina to be president.	1
I've spent 4.5 hours debating Trump , " proving once again I have the stamina to be president .	WTF have you missed? 4.5 Hours Debate with Trump & amp ; Prove Once Again I Have the Stamina to Be President	1
Soylent is reformulating two of its meal replacers after customers became ill	Soylent Remakes Two of Its Meal Replacers After Customers Became Ill.	1
One NYT reader's reaction to @aoscott's review of " Moonlight	One NYT reader's reaction to Aoscott's review of " Moonlight, " in particular.	1
Musk on Tesla Network It's not Tesla vs Uber , it's the people vs U .	Musk on Tesla Network: "It's not Tesla vs. Uber, it's the people vs.	1
Musk on Tesla Network It's not Tesla vs Uber , it's the people vs U .	I Think The Musk Network Is No Tesla vs. Uber, It's the People vs.	1
Musk on Tesla Network It's not Tesla vs Uber , it's the people vs U .	Musk on Tesla Network Its not Tesla vs. Uber, it's the people vs.	1
Musk on Tesla Network It's not Tesla vs Uber , it's the people vs U .	Musk on the Tesla Network It's not Tesla vs. Uber, it's the people vs #Uber.	1
Trump calls for " end illegal immigration act " to fund border wall , says Mexico will " reimburse " US for costs .	#Trump calls for'end illegal immigration act'to fund border wall. Mexico will'reimburse'US for costs.	1
After Manning and Snowden , the NSA added new safeguards . So how did Harold Martin walk out with so much material ?	After Manning and Snowden, the NSA added new safeguards. How did Harold Martin walk out w/funds?	1
Is there anything Las Vegas officials wouldn't do to land an NFL team ? Sure doesn't look that way .	OPPOSITIONS. Is there anything Las Vegas officials would not do to land an NFL team? Sure doesnt look that way.	1
Groupon is buying LivingSocial , plans to downsize business to 15 markets from 27	Groupon Just Acquires LivingSocial, Plans to Reduce Revenue to 15 Markets from 27	1
Groupon is buying LivingSocial , plans to downsize business to 15 markets from 27	Groupon Buys LivingSocial, Plans to Downsize Business to 15 Markets From 27 Groupons.	1
Apple delays AirPod rollout , don't expect them in October	Apple delays AirPod launch, don't expect them in October. Watch the full story by @FoxNews Android by @blsnlc @TechCrunch	1
Apple delays AirPod rollout , don't expect them in October	Apple delay AirPods rollout. Dont expect them in October	1
Apple delays AirPod rollout , don't expect them in October	AirPods misses launch, are you expecting them in October?	1
A mans partner died 2 years ago , and he may not inherit the West Village brownstone they shared for over 5 decades	This Mans Partner Dies 2 Years Ago, and He May Not Hear the West Village Brownstone They Shared Over 5 Decades	1
A mans partner died 2 years ago , and he may not inherit the West Village brownstone they shared for over 5 decades	The Mans Partner Dies 2 Years Later, and He May Not Hear The West Village Brownstone They Shared for Over 5 Decades	1
Here is the letter to Congress from the FBI director on the Hillary Clinton email case	Letter to Congress from FBI Director on Clinton Email Case	1
Here is the letter to Congress from the FBI director on the Hillary Clinton email case	Letter to Congress From F.B.I. Director about Clinton email case	1
Here is the letter to Congress from the FBI director on the Hillary Clinton email case	Letter to Congress by FBI Director on Hillary Clinton Email Case	1
Here is the letter to Congress from the FBI director on the Hillary Clinton email case	Letter to Congress From the F.B.I. Director on Clinton Email Case	1
Here is the letter to Congress from the FBI director on the Hillary Clinton email case	Letter to Congress From F.B.I. Director on Clinton Email Case	1
AT & T is said to be in advanced talks to acquire Time Warner in a deal that could the year's largest in the U.S.	AT&amp;T to Buy Time Warner in Deal That Could Be the Year&rsquo;s Largest in the U.S.	1
The Supreme Court enters the transgender rights debate It will hear a case on a students use of the boys bathroom	Supreme Court to Rule in Transgender Access Case Case Supreme Court to Rule on Boys Use of Boys Bathroom	1
Door-close buttons on elevators ? They do nothing . Office thermostat buttons ?	Door-close buttons on elevators don't do anything. Office thermostat buttons for elevators " property	1
The GOPs #SCOTUS blockade is worse than anything Trump might do after Election Day	Republicans Vow SCOTUS Blockade Is Worse Than Anything Trump Might Do After Election Day	1
This is the $ 2,999 Surface Studio , Microsofts iMac	This is the Surface Studio, Microsoft&rsquo;s $ 2999 iMac	1
Turkeys Push to Join Battle for Mosul Inflames Tension With Iraq	Turkey&rsquo;s Push to Join Battle For Mosul Inflames Tension With Iraq	1
on why President Obama should pardon John Walker Lindh , the American Taliban .	Why President Obama Should Pardon the American Taliban, John Walker Lindh	1
on why President Obama should pardon John Walker Lindh , the American Taliban .	Why President Obama should pardon the American Taliban, the John Walker Lindh	1
on why President Obama should pardon John Walker Lindh , the American Taliban .	Why Obama should pardon the American Taliban, John Walker Lindh	1
Abuse on Twitter is out of control . Theres one big change that could help	Twitter&nbsp;Abuse on Tape: It&rsquo;s Out of Control. There&rsquo;s One Big Change That Could Help.	1
IrisVR raises $8M to bring virtual reality to architecture and design	#IrisVR raises $8M to bring #VR architecture&nbsp;to&nbsp;design	1
IrisVR raises $8M to bring virtual reality to architecture and design	IrisVR raises $8M to bring #VRarchitecture&nbsp;to&nbsp;design	1
IrisVR raises $8M to bring virtual reality to architecture and design	IrisVR raises $8M to bring virtual reality to architecture and&nbsp;design	1
IrisVR raises $8M to bring virtual reality to architecture and design	IrisVR raises $8M to bring #virtualreality to #architecture & amp ; #design	1
Powerful Earthquake Hits an Already Rattled Italy	POWERFUL HAPPENING HITS Italy A powerful earthquake just hit a town in Italy, which is already rattling	1
They signed up to help a Syrian refugee family . Now they face a gut-wrenching issue the relatives half a world away	So I Signed Up to Help a Syrian Refugee Family. Now Face a Hunger Than the relatives half a World Away.	1
Twitter has an old media problem . Heres a solution .	Twitter has a broken media problem. Here&nbsp;is a solution	1
Twitter has an old media problem . Heres a solution .	Twitter has an old media problem. Here&rsquo;s a solution.	1
Twitter has an old media problem . Heres a solution .	Twitter has an old media problem: Heres a solution" property	1
Here's why you shouldn't believe those ' live streams ' from space all over your Facebook feed	Don&rsquo;t believe those &ldquo;live streams&rdquo; from space all over your Facebook feed	1
Here's why you shouldn't believe those ' live streams ' from space all over your Facebook feed	Don't believe those'live streams'from space in your Facebook feed, right?	1
Here's why you shouldn't believe those ' live streams ' from space all over your Facebook feed	Dont believe those'live streams'from space on Facebook.	1
What does Donald Trump do when he thinks no one's looking ? Watch this GIF to find out	What does @realDonaldTrump do when he thinks no one's looking? Check out this GIF here	1
What does Donald Trump do when he thinks no one's looking ? Watch this GIF to find out	What Does Trump Do When He Thinks No One's Looking? In this GIF	1
5 Vine stars share why they loved the platform , and how they outgrew it	Why 5 Vine Stars Loved, Outgrew Platform	1
5 Vine stars share why they loved the platform , and how they outgrew it	5 Vine Stars Share Why They Loved and Outgrew Platform	1
5 Vine stars share why they loved the platform , and how they outgrew it	5 Vine Stars Share Reasons Why They Loved, and Outgrew Platform	1
5 Vine stars share why they loved the platform , and how they outgrew it	5 Vine Stars Share Why They Loved & amp ; Outgrew Platform	1
5 Vine stars share why they loved the platform , and how they outgrew it	5 #Vine stars share why they loved and outgrew #platform.	1
GOP money flows downballot as big donors abandon Trump and one big donor in particular .	GOP geld flows downhill as big donors abandon Trump and one big donor in particular.	1
As Artificial Intelligence Evolves , So Does Its Criminal Potential	How Artificial Intelligence Evolves, and How Its Criminal Potential.	1
As Artificial Intelligence Evolves , So Does Its Criminal Potential	Artificial Intelligence and Criminal Potential Evolve, As Artificial Intelligence,	1
As Artificial Intelligence Evolves , So Does Its Criminal Potential	Artificial intelligence emerges at the speed of its development, and now applies to criminal actions	1
As Artificial Intelligence Evolves , So Does Its Criminal Potential	AIevolves, Its Criminal Potential	1
Americans support some gun restrictions , like broader background checks	Americans Support Gun Control, Like Enhanced Background Checks	1
You can now check on a Facebook chatbot	Facebook chatbot You can now check on	1
You can now check on a Facebook chatbot	Check it out! The Facebook Chatbot Now Available to Use	1
In 1974 , Hillary Rodham went on a road trip , chasing love and a new life . It's side of her rarely seen nowadays .	In 1974, Hillary Rodham, a Road Trip Following Love and a New Life, Takes on Hillaryâ€™s Rare Today	1
In 1974 , Hillary Rodham went on a road trip , chasing love and a new life . It's side of her rarely seen nowadays .	In 1974, Hillary Rodham, On a Road Trip, Tried to Find Love and a New Life. Here's the Part of Her Rarely Seen Today.	1
In 1974 , Hillary Rodham went on a road trip , chasing love and a new life . It's side of her rarely seen nowadays .	Hillary Rodham, in 1974, on a Road Trip, Chases Love and A New Life Its Side of Her Rarely Seen Nowadays	1
Trump said women get abortions days before birth . Doctors say they dont .	Trump slammed women who get abortions days before birth. Doctors say they dont.	1
Trump said women get abortions days before birth . Doctors say they dont .	#Trump slams #women get #abortions days before birth. Doctors say they dont'ht	1
The presidential debate in song , by Weird Al Yankovic and the Gregory Brothers	The Presidential Debate in Song by Weird Al Yankovic & amp ; the Gregory Brothers	1
French authorities say final migrants cleared from Calais ' jungle ' camp	French authorities cleared the final migrants from a jungle camp in Calais	1
French authorities say final migrants cleared from Calais ' jungle ' camp	French authorities cleared last migrant from Calais'jungle'camp	1
A few of our favorite new scary books .	Here are a few of our favorite new scary books	1
Lawyer accuses Justice Thomas of groping her at a party in 1999	Lawyer Accuses Justice Thomas of Groping Her at Party in 1999, btw	1
Obama administration says premiums will go up by double-digit percentages next year .	The Obama administration is making a claim about how Obamacare premiums will go up by double-digit percentages next year.	1
Bill Belichick is not using a tablet on the Patriots ' sideline .	Bill Belichick won't take a tablet to the Patriots sideline.	1
Bill Belichick is not using a tablet on the Patriots ' sideline .	Bill Belichick, of course, isnt using a tablet on the Patriots'sideline.	1
Bill Belichick is not using a tablet on the Patriots ' sideline .	Bill Belichick Takes No Tablet on Patriots Sideline.	1
I will totally accept the results of this great and historic presidential election if I win said Donald Trump	Trump will accept the results of the great and historic presidential election if I win	1
US Defense Secretary Ash Carter Raqqa offensive against Islamic State will begin within weeks	The Raqqa offensive against ISIS will begin in weeks, US defense secretary Ash Carter says	1
In @nytopinion , @Jayson_Greene shares his story of losing one child , then having another	NYT Op-Ed journalist Jayson Greene shares his story of losing a child, having another	1
What we learned from 5 hours of Trump on tape	5 Hours of Trump on Tape What we learned from	1
Cleveland Indians take 1st game of the World Series from the Cubs 6-0 behind 2 Roberto Perez homers New York Times	Cleveland Indians Get 1st Game of the World Series from Cubs - 6 - Behind 2 Roberto Perez Homers New York Times	1
We need a Latino Spring in this country , @JohnLeguizamo writes	The Latino Spring Needs a Latino Spring in America " By John Leguizamo	1
An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago . It was a dinosaur brain .	An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago. Turns out he was a dinosaur brain.	1
An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago . It was a dinosaur brain .	How an amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago. Turns out he was a dinosaur brain.	1
How Hillary Clinton is pressing her advantage over a struggling Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton Presses Her Advantage Over a Struggling Donald Trump	1
How Hillary Clinton is pressing her advantage over a struggling Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton Presses Her Advantage Over a Struggling Trump.	1
Police in Australia confirm Cardinal George Pell was interviewed in Rome over sexual assault allegations	Cardinal George Pell interviewed by Australian police in Rome over sex assault allegations	1
Why you probably shouldn't let your dog lick your face	Don't let your dog lick your face. Just don't let it.	1
Why you probably shouldn't let your dog lick your face	Why you shouldn&rsquo;t let your dog lick your face	1
Why you probably shouldn't let your dog lick your face	Why You Shouldn&rsquo;t Let Your Dog Lick Your Face	1
US intelligence chief calls notion of getting North Korea to denuclearize ' probably a lost cause	#USI chief calls #Korea threat of #Danuclearization possibly 'lost cause @CNNPolitics @aossorship	1
US intelligence chief calls notion of getting North Korea to denuclearize ' probably a lost cause	US intelligence chief says trying to get North Korea to give up nuclear bomb probably'lost cause	1
Bundy brothers and 5 of their followers were acquitted in takeover of Oregon wildlife refuge	Bundy brothers, 5 followers acquitted in takeover of Oregon wildlife refuge	1
Bundy brothers and 5 of their followers were acquitted in takeover of Oregon wildlife refuge	Bundy brothers, 5 of their followers acquitted of hijacking refuge in Oregon.	1
Indians 7 , Cubs 2 Indians Rout Cubs and Move to Within One Win of Series Title	Indians to Within One Win of Series Title with victory in 7, Cubs 2	1
Missed Trump and Clinton at the Al Smith charity dinner ? Here are the highlights .	I Missed Trump and Clinton at Al Smith Charity Dinner? Here Are the Highlights	1
Democrats just don't want to live where they'd need to live to turn more of the map blue	Let's go with the Democrats who just don't want to live where they&rsquo;d need to live to turn more of the map blue	1
Women ' nearing equality with men in alcohol consumption	Women's Nearing Equalities with Men in Alcohol Use	1
Women ' nearing equality with men in alcohol consumption	Women'be nearing equality with men in drinking quota	1
Women ' nearing equality with men in alcohol consumption	Women are so close to equaling men in alcohol consumption.	1
Stocks end mixed . Dow up 30 , Nasdaq off 0.6% . Chipotle falls 9% as recovery efforts fail to impress .	Dow Jones up 30 points, Nasdaq down 0.6%. Chipotle falls 9% as recovery efforts fail to impress	1
Stocks end mixed . Dow up 30 , Nasdaq off 0.6% . Chipotle falls 9% as recovery efforts fail to impress .	Dow goes up 30, Nasdaq slides 0.6%. Chipotle slips 9% as recovery efforts fail to impress	1
WikiLeaks has made a Clinton insider into something of a cult hero among Trump supporters	WikiLeaks Spills Clinton Insider Into Cult Hero among Trump Supporters	1
WikiLeaks has made a Clinton insider into something of a cult hero among Trump supporters	WikiLeaks exposes Clinton insider into cult hero among Trump supporters	1
He had a child die , and he chose to become a father again	R.I.P. : In this story, a man with a child who died wishes to become a dad again	1
He had a child die , and he chose to become a father again	Having a Child Die, and he Choosing to Be a Father Again	1
The lonely life of a Republican woman	The lonely life of a GOP woman	1
The lonely life of a Republican woman	A Republican Womans Lonely Life	1
Donald Trump has a 2-point edge in a new Florida poll	New Florida poll Trump has a 2-point edge	1
Chelsea Clintons frustrations and devotion shown in hacked emails	Chelsea Clinton&rsquo;s Frustrations and Devotion Showed in Hacked Emails	1
What the Clinton-Trump race feels like for firs t-t ime voters	What the Clinton-Trump race feels like for First T-I-A Voters	1
What the Clinton-Trump race feels like for firs t-t ime voters	What the Clinton-Trump race feels like for First T-t Ime Voters	1
What the Clinton-Trump race feels like for firs t-t ime voters	How the Clinton-Trump race feels like for FIRST T-IT-Me voters	1
Keep Trump's name off my city's skyline , says Vancouver urban planner @brenttoderian	Keep #Trumps name off #City Skyline, says @Brenttoderian Vancouver Planner	1
Months later , we take look at what's happened since 2 men clashed after a Donald Trump rally	A Month Later, We Take a Look at Whats Happened Since 2 Men Collided After a Trump Rally	1
Baby girl " born " again after being taken from mother's womb for life-saving surgery	Baby girl 'birthed'again after life-saving surgery from mother's womb	1
The essence of American politics is entertainment the view from China on the US presidential election	The essence of American politics is entertainment. View from China on the US presidential election by.	1
Deep down I didnt want to have children , but I kept limping toward motherhood anyway	How I Wish I Dont Want to Have Children, But Keep Looming to Motherhood.	1
Deep down I didnt want to have children , but I kept limping toward motherhood anyway	I didn&rsquo;t want to have children, but I kept limping toward motherhood anyway.	1
Videos by a conservative group show Democratic operatives discussing unseemly tactics	Videos By a Conservative Group Show Democratic operatives Discussing Unseemly Tacts	1
Apple's annual sales fall for the first time since 2001	Apple's annual sales fall for first time since 2001. Apple's annual sales fall.	1
Webcams used to attack Reddit and Twitter last week have been recalled	Recalls of #Webcams used to attack Reddit and Twitter last week	1
Webcams used to attack Reddit and Twitter last week have been recalled	Recalls of recalled webcams used to attack Reddit & amp ; Twitter last week.	1
The number of galaxies in the universe has become even more unfathomable	The number of galaxies in the universe makes it more difficult to make sense.	1
FBI Director James Comey may have violated the Hatch Act	FBI Director James Comey may have cheated on the Hatch Act	1
Microsoft's big-screen Surface Studio is an engineering marvel	Microsoft's new Surface Studio, which is a supersized screen, is an engineering marvel	1
Donald Trump on Biden He called me to the back of the gym . I dream about that .	Trump on Biden: "They called me to the back of the gym. I dream about that" property	1
Donald Trump on Biden He called me to the back of the gym . I dream about that .	Trump on Biden He called me to the back of the gym. I dream about.	1
Donald Trump on Biden He called me to the back of the gym . I dream about that .	Trump on Biden, Calls Me to the Back of Gym. I Dream About That	1
What's it like to grow up in New York City now ? Kids told us their stories .	How to #NYC : Kids Talk About What It Takes to Grow Up in NYC	1
CO2 levels mark ' new era ' in the world's changing climate	New era in climate change : Co2 levels mark new era	1
It took a deep dive into sound design to make me interested in Gears of War	Gears of War! It took a deep dive into sound design to make me interested in this.	1
It took a deep dive into sound design to make me interested in Gears of War	When you dive into sound design it takes a deep dive to get your Gears of War interest!	1
Prisoners across the United States are protesting a system they say treats them like slaves .	Inmates Across the US Protesting a System They Say Treats Them Like Sklavens	1
Conservationists aim to save remote seabird colony with eradication campaign	We call on the conservation world to save remote seabird colonies with an eradication campaign	1
The FBI discovered Clinton-related emails weeks ago , law enforcement officials tell CNN	F.B.I. Discovered Clinton-related Emails Weeks ago, Law Enforcement Officials Tell CNN	1
Junya Watanabe , one of fashion's foremost thinkers , sits down for a rare interview	One of Fashions Leading Thinkers Junya Watanabe, in a Rare Interview	1
Election Day could produce the biggest gender gap in decades	Could be a Major Election Day Marking a Biggest Gender Gap in Decades	1
Donald Trump was booed during his speech at the Al Smith dinner .	Donald Trump Gets Booed During Al Smith Dinner Speech	1
Child refugees in Turkey are making UK clothes , a @BBCPanorama investigation has found	Child refugees in Turkey are making UK clothes, BCPanorama reveals	1
Texas voters claim machines switching their votes	Texas voters are complaining about machines switching their votes.	1
The editorial page of Nevada's largest newspaper , The Las Vegas Review-Journal , endorses Donald Trump for president	The Las Vegas Review-Journal, Nevada's largest newspaper, has declared Donald Trump the presidential nominee.	1
The people are going to snap . A sugar shortage has plunged Egyptians into a panic .	The people are going to snap Sugar shortage has plunged Egyptians into a panic	1
Second life ' for baby girl left to die on the streets of India	Second Life'for Indian Baby Girl Left on the streets to die h	1
Second life ' for baby girl left to die on the streets of India	2nd life'for India baby girl left on the streets to die	1
Trump's threat to reject election results To a political scientist who studies authoritarianism , it's a shock	Trump's threats to reject election results Surprises a Political Science Researcher Who Studyes Authoritarianism	1
Trump's threat to reject election results To a political scientist who studies authoritarianism , it's a shock	Trump's threat to reject election results shocking to political scientist who studies authoritarianism	1
ObamaCare premium hikes fuel Trump , GOP case in key swing states	Obamacare premium rise fuels Trump, GOP case in swing states	1
He was convicted for being gay . 42 years later , He wants an apology .	He Was convicted of Being Gay 42 Years Later, Now He Asks for An apology @CNNPolitics	1
Bob Dylan won the Nobel Prize in Literature . No one knows how he feels about it .	Bob Dylan Won the Nobel Prize in Literature No one knows how it feels	1
British banker Rurik Jutting pleads not guilty to Hong Kong murders .	Rurik Jutting, Britains Banker, Pleads Not Guilty to Hong Kong Murder	1
Fake news has become a plague on the web , says @brianstelter . Triple check before you share .	Brian Telter: Fake news has become a plague on the web. Triple check before you share	1
A 10th woman has accused Donald Trump of inappropriate touching , saying he fondled her breast	10th Woman Accuses Trump of Inappropriate Touching, Says He Fondled Breast	1
In buying the home of HBO and CNN , AT & T would create a colossus that produces content and distributes it to millions	AT&amp;T Would Buy the Home of HBO and CNN, creating a colossus that produces content and distributes it to millions	1
In buying the home of HBO and CNN , AT & T would create a colossus that produces content and distributes it to millions	AT&amp;T Would Purchase HBO and CNN, Creating a Genossus That Produces Content and Distributes It to Millions	1
Hillary Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta turns up the heat on the FBI	Hillary Clinton chairman Podesta turns up heat on FBI	1
has different questions that clearly indicate twice that illegal aliens ar	Having Multiple Questions That Indicate Double That Illegal immigrants Are	1
has different questions that clearly indicate twice that illegal aliens ar	Having multiple questions that clearly indicate twice that illegal immigrants are.	1
How to talk to your therapist about election anxiety	Talk to Your therapist About Anxiety from the Election	1
US election 2016 We are behind , says Trump campaign	Trump campaign said in a statement that we are behind in the 2016 US election.	1
How some women are fighting for change in Saudi Arabia	Women in #SaudiArabies Fighting for Change	1
Kids are going crazy over this game	Kids love this game " ht	1
Walk of Fame star destroyed , police investigate	The Walking Fame star was destroyed when police began to investigate	1
Walk of Fame star destroyed , police investigate	Walk of Fame star destroyed, #Police investigate'	1
Friday's Internet-destroying outages were caused by " amateurish " IoT malware	Friday Internet-destroying outages were caused by " amateurish " #IoT malware.	1
You wont be able to do it for the Vine much longer	Will We Be able to Do It For the Vine Much Longer	1
Trump campaign ends fundraising events meant to support Republican Party's get-ou t-t he-vote efforts	Trump campaign cuts fundraising events intended to support Republican Party's get-out-of-the-vote efforts	1
Trump campaign ends fundraising events meant to support Republican Party's get-ou t-t he-vote efforts	Trump Ends Fundraising Events That Support Republican Party Get-Up-Of-The-Vote	1
Trump campaign ends fundraising events meant to support Republican Party's get-ou t-t he-vote efforts	Trump's campaign ends fundraising events meant to support GOP's get-ou-t-he-vote efforts	1
The Alt-Right conspiracy image generator , by @Beschizza .	Behold, the alt right conspiracy image generator of Beschizza.	1
Defense Secretary Carter suspends Pentagons demand of the return of cash bonuses to California soldiers	Secretary of Defense Carter suspends Pentagons demand of the return of cash bonuses to California satell	1
One-Liners Abound at the Al Smith Dinner	One-liners abound at the Al Smith Dinner: One-Liners Abound	1
The best way to save Obamacare ? The public option .	What would be the best way to Save Obamacare? The Public Option.	1
The best way to save Obamacare ? The public option .	The Best Way to Save Obamacare? The Public Option Is Key	1
The best way to save Obamacare ? The public option .	The Best Way to Save #Obamacare? The Public Option	1
Is our Fox News hosts learning ?	Was the Fox News News broadcasters learning?	1
A missing persons case Where are the women at the top of the FBI ?	A missing persons case Where Are Women at the Top of F.B.I.?	1
How the brown rat conquered New York City	How the brown rat conquers New York City's	1
How the brown rat conquered New York City	Brown Rat Conquers NYC and New York City How the Brown Rat	1
Trump going after Obama at FL rally All he does is campaign	Trump Going After Obama at FL Rally is all he does is campaigning	1
Trump going after Obama at FL rally All he does is campaign	Trump Going After Obama at FL Rally " All He Does Is Campaigning " @CNNPolitics	1
NY Times reports on 7-year-old's scary dream about Trump	7-Year-Old in New York Times report on Trump's scary dream	1
Apple says no fun allowed on the Touch Bar	On the Touch bar, no fun allowed'@Apple.	1
Private Security Group Says Russia Was Behind John Podestas Email Hack	Russia Was Behind John Podestas Email Hack, SGS says	1
Here's the van I was talking about in my @MorningEdition piece about sexism in the campaign .	The Van I Was Talking About In My Morning Edition Piece About Sexism in the Campaign " property	1
Here's the van I was talking about in my @MorningEdition piece about sexism in the campaign .	In my morning edition piece on sexism in the campaign, here's the van I was talking about.	1
Here's the van I was talking about in my @MorningEdition piece about sexism in the campaign .	In my Morning Edition piece about sexism in the campaign, here is the van I was talking about.	1
As premiums rise , so does cost to taxpayers	As premiums rise, taxpayers pay more	1
As premiums rise , so does cost to taxpayers	Cost to taxpayers rising as premiums rise	1
Democrats seemed to have no shot in Missouri . Now it's a key arena in the fight for the Senate .	Democrats seemed to have no shot in Missouri, now key arena in fight for the Senate	1
Democrats seemed to have no shot in Missouri . Now it's a key arena in the fight for the Senate .	Democrats Tried and Missed in Missouri. Theyre Now Key Arenas in the Battle for the Senate	1
Democrats seemed to have no shot in Missouri . Now it's a key arena in the fight for the Senate .	Democrats Sent No Shot in Missouri, Now Key Arena in the Battle for the Senate	1
Forget blood , gore and scary monsters . In the early 20th century , Halloween used to be about finding true love .	Halloween used to be about finding true love in the early 20th century: Forget blood, gore and scary monsters.	1
Why Apples MacBook Touch Bar was the right thing to do	Why Apple&rsquo;s MacBook Touch Bar Was the Right Thing to Do	1
Why Apples MacBook Touch Bar was the right thing to do	How Apples MacBook Touch Bar was the right thing to do.	1
Canoes reek of genocide , theft and white privilege , professor claims	Canoes Scream of Genocidal Genocide, Tie and White Privilege, Prof Says	1
Canoes reek of genocide , theft and white privilege , professor claims	Kannoes reek of genocide, theft & amp ; white privilege, professor says	1
fires back at Donald Trump Nasty women ' vote	Fires back at Trump Nasty Women Vote Donald Trump	1
A new climate-friendlier refrigerant comes with a catch	New Climate-Friendlier Coolant Comes With a Catch	1
A new climate-friendlier refrigerant comes with a catch	New Climate-Friendlier Coolant Comes With a Catch New Climate-Friendlier Coolant	1
A new climate-friendlier refrigerant comes with a catch	New Climate-Friendlier Coolant Has a Catch	1
Hillary Clinton on new FBI email review We have not been contacted by anyone	Clinton on new FBI email review: "We have not been contacted by anyone	1
College threatens police response for students wearing ' offensive ' costumes	Colleges threaten to give police a response for students who wear offensive " costumes	1
Donald Trump pledged to " heal divisions " at a speech at Gettysburg	Donald Trump Pledged to &ldquo;HealDivers&rdquo; at Gettysburg Address	1
Donald Trump pledged to " heal divisions " at a speech at Gettysburg	Donald Trump Pledges to 'Heal Divisions' at Gettysburg Address	1
Hillary Clinton in Raleigh , NC I want to give Donald Trump " a chance to pay more taxes .	Hillary Clinton, in Raleigh, NC. Let's give Trump a chance to pay more taxes.	1
Hillary Clinton in Raleigh , NC I want to give Donald Trump " a chance to pay more taxes .	Hillary Clinton in Raleigh, NC I want to give @realDonaldTrump'a chance to pay more taxes	1
Hillary Clinton in Raleigh , NC I want to give Donald Trump " a chance to pay more taxes .	Clinton In Raleigh, NC I want to give @realDonaldTrump " a chance to pay more taxes	1
Disrupt is coming to London December 5-6	Disrupt London will debut 5-6 Dec.	1
My mother has a rare disease called P.S.P. , and she can no longer walk or talk . But shes still my mom .	My mother has a rare disease called P.S.P., and she can no longer walk or talk. But she&rsquo;s still my mom.	1
Megyn Kelly vs . Has the Republican feminist awakening begun ?	Megyn Kelly vs. Megyn Kelly, Has the Republican Feminist Appointment Begun?	1
Russia loses its seat on the UN Human Rights Council by just 2 votes	Russia loses seat on UN Human Rights Council w/ 2 votes Russia loses seat	1
Russia loses its seat on the UN Human Rights Council by just 2 votes	Russia loses UN Human Rights Council seat with 2 votes	1
Tesla's new solar roof tiles look like they could handle some pretty extreme hail	Teslas new solar roof tiles could handle some pretty extreme hail.	1
Millions of Americans are mentally huddled in a corner , terrified Trump might somehow win .	Millions of Americans Are Mentally Huddled in a Corner, Tender Trump Might Win	1
Runway at Chicago's O'Hare airport closed , FAA says ; witness images show smoking aircraft	Chicago O'Hare runway closed, FAA says. Watching aircraft smoke	1
John Darnielle of The Mountain Goats reflects on his 1995 song " Cubs in Five	The Mountain Goats John Darnielle on his 1995 song, Cubs in Five.	1
John Darnielle of The Mountain Goats reflects on his 1995 song " Cubs in Five	The Mountain Goats John Darnielle on his 1995 song Cubs in Five.	1
John Darnielle of The Mountain Goats reflects on his 1995 song " Cubs in Five	The Mountain Goats John Darnielle on his 1995 song Cubs in Five!	1
Blockchain is empowering the future of insurance	Blockchain is empowering the future of&nbsp;insurance	1
Blockchain is empowering the future of insurance	Blockchain is empowering the future of #insurance	1
Blockchain is empowering the future of insurance	Blockchain is empowering the future of & amp ; insurance	1
Gay Republicans explain why they are proudly supporting Donald Trump	Gay Republicans Explain Why They&rsquo;re Proudly Supporting Donald Trump	1
Immigrants who speak little English . Older adults with memory problems . These were the people Wells Fargo targeted .	Immigrants who speak little English, Older Americans with memory problems, and These Theyre the People Wells Fargo Targeted	1
Paul Beatty is the first American to win one of England's most prestigious literary prizes	Beatty becomes the first American to win prestigious literary awards in the United Kingdom.	1
Get ready for Facebook's new Halloween reactions to haunt your News Feed all weekend	Facebook's new Halloween reactions. Get ready for the effects of the effects on your Facebook news feed all weekend	1
We should have made the internet more secure 30 years ago	An industry I grew up on and i should have done more secure web sites. in 30 years, " we Should Have Made the Internet More Secure.	1
Supreme Court takes up transgender school bathroom case	Supreme Court to take up transgender school bathroom case.	1
Supreme Court takes up transgender school bathroom case	Supreme Court to take transgender school bathroom case	1
DOJ has yet to approach Huma Abedin's lawyers about email ; sources earlier said talks were underway	DOJ is yet to approach lawyers for Abedin over email ; sources earlier said talks were underway	1
Eric Garner's daughter blasts Clinton campaign after WikiLeaks emails	Garner's daughter blasts Clinton campaign after WikiLeaks emails!	1
FBI agents knew of Clinton-related emails weeks before director was briefed , sources say	F.B.I. agents knew of Clinton-related emails weeks before director was briefed, sources say.	1
Iceland's prime minister announces he will resign New York Times	Island's Prime Minister: He is leaving the New York Times	1
Jake Gyllenhaal captivates in the title role in " Sunday in the Park With George	Jake Gyllenhaal captivates in the'Sunday in the park With George'role	1
Chris Christie's career is over troubled waters	Christies career is over troubled waters.	1
Chris Christie's career is over troubled waters	Christies Career Over Troubled Waters'Christie is over	1
8 dead , 25 others wounded in weekend shootings in Chicago	Shootings in Chicago Kill 8, 25 Others Injured During Weekend Shootings	1
Man says Chipotle fired him for refusing to participate in its " shady practices	Man says Chipotle fired him for reluctance'to participate in shady practices	1
Elon Musk unveils Tesla's new solar roof product and Powerwall 2.0	Elon Musk unveils Tesla's new solar roof and powerwall&nbsp;2.0	1
Trump interviews from 2014 show a man who is anxious about losing status and disdainful of those who fall from grace	The people. Trump's 2014 interviews show a man who is anxious about losing status and disdainful of those who fall from grace.	1
Is Kyoto the world's most photogenic city ?	Kyoto, the world's most photogenic city, Is Kyoto the World's Most Photogenic City!	1
I find it hard to believe the GOP can make the reforms needed to be " viable	I find it hard to believe the GOP can make the reforms needed to be &ldquo;viable&rdquo;	1
I find it hard to believe the GOP can make the reforms needed to be " viable	I find it hard to believe GOP can make the reforms needed to be &ldquo;viable&rdquo;	1
Jeremy Lin is Asian . That's the whole joke .	Lin is Asian. That's the whole joke. Jeremy Lin is Asian	1
Jeremy Lin is Asian . That's the whole joke .	The story of the Asian -Lin is Jeremy Lin. That's the whole joke.	1
Even before " Moonlight " and " Luke Cage , " you've surely seen his face .	Even before  Moonlight '' and  Luke Cage '' you've seen his face.	1
Even before " Moonlight " and " Luke Cage , " you've surely seen his face .	Before  Moonlight '' and  Luke Cage '',  you sure have seen his face.	1
DOJ has yet to approach Huma Abedins lawyers about her email . Sources earlier said talks were underway .	The #DoJ has yet to approach Huma Abedins lawyers about her email. Sources earlier said talks were underway.	1
Residents warned to stay inside after a chemical spill in Atchison , Kansas	Chemical spill in Atchison, Kansas, leaves residents warned to stay inside	1
A self-driving truck first mission ? Delivering 2,000 cases of Budweiser	Self-Driving Trucks First Mission. 2,000 Budweiser Cases Delivered	1
A self-driving truck first mission ? Delivering 2,000 cases of Budweiser	Self-Driving Trucks First Mission A Self-Driving Truck Gets 2,000 Bottles of Budweiser.	1
The US economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years	In third quarter US economy grew 2.9%, beating average rate since Q4 2011	1
Chinas Antigraft Enforcers Take On a New Role	Chinas Anti-graft enforcers take on a new role!	1
Chinas Antigraft Enforcers Take On a New Role	Antigraft enforcers take on a new role in China's anti-graft enforcement	1
Chinas Antigraft Enforcers Take On a New Role	China's anti-graft enforcers take on a new role	1
In a new Hillary Clinton ad , Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump if his fallen son would " have a place in your America	Khizr Khan in new Hillary Clinton ad, asks Trump if his fallen son would have a place in America	1
In a new Hillary Clinton ad , Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump if his fallen son would " have a place in your America	Khizr Khan in New #HillaryClinton Ad Asks Trump if His Fallen Son Would Have a Place in #America	1
Ammon Bundy and 6 others acquitted in the #OregonStandoff trial	Ammon Bundy, 6 others acquitted in Oregon Standoff trial	1
Ammon Bundy and 6 others acquitted in the #OregonStandoff trial	Ammon Bundy and 6 others acquitted in Oregon standoff trial.	1
New polls show a tight Clinton-Trump race nationally and in battlegrounds	New polls show nationally tight Clinton-Trump race as battlegrounds	1
Several big websites like Amazon , Netflix and even Twitter were down today in what appears to be a large DDoS attack	Several Big Brands Like Amazon, Netflix and even Twitter Downed After Massive DDoS Attack	1
Several big websites like Amazon , Netflix and even Twitter were down today in what appears to be a large DDoS attack	Several #big websites like @Amazon, Netflix, and even #Twitter were down today in what appears to be a large DDoS attack	1
Several big websites like Amazon , Netflix and even Twitter were down today in what appears to be a large DDoS attack	Some very large sites like Twitter, Netflix and Amazon, while also undergoing what appears to be a massive DDoS attack, are down today.	1
Several big websites like Amazon , Netflix and even Twitter were down today in what appears to be a large DDoS attack	How Twitter, Netflix and Amazon were down today in what appears to be a large DDoS attack	1
Several big websites like Amazon , Netflix and even Twitter were down today in what appears to be a large DDoS attack	Amazon, Netflix and even Twitter down as DDoS attacks continue.	1
A plane carrying Mike Pence skidded off the runway at LaGuardia Airport in New York	Michael Pence's plane skids off runway at LaGuardia Airport in New York	1
A plane carrying Mike Pence skidded off the runway at LaGuardia Airport in New York	Mike Pences plane skids off runway at LaGuardia Airport in New York	1
Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway The man who shouted " Jew-S-A " is " deplorable	#Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway says Man who shouted'Jew-S-A'is'deplorable'@CNNPolitics	1
Even when voting rights groups win in court , they are at risk of losing on the ground	Even when Voting Rights Groups Win in Court, They Risk Losing on Them	1
Even when voting rights groups win in court , they are at risk of losing on the ground	Voting Rights Groups at Risk of Losing on the Ground Even When They Win in Court, They&rsquo;re at Risk of Losing on the	1
Comey was " in an impossible spot	Comey: 'Impossible Spot	1
We should just cancel the election and just give it to Trump	We should just cancel the election & amp ; give it to Trump.	1
We should just cancel the election and just give it to Trump	Trump: We should just cancel the election and just give it to him.	1
We should just cancel the election and just give it to Trump	We should just cancel the election. Just give it to @realDonaldTrump	1
Top UN human rights official calls Aleppo bombardment a crime " of historic proportions .	UN human rights chief calls the bombardment of #Aleppo a crime of historic proportions.	1
Top UN human rights official calls Aleppo bombardment a crime " of historic proportions .	UN human rights chief says the attacks in Aleppo are 'historical'	1
At least 20 injured after powerful earthquake strikes central Italy on Sunday .	TEST: A powerful quake strikes central Italy on Sunday, causing around 20 injuries.	1
Apples new Intel driven MacBooks have a secondary ARM processor that runs Touch ID and security	Apples new Intel driven MacBooks have a secondary ARM processor that runs Touch ID and&nbsp;security	1
Apples new Intel driven MacBooks have a secondary ARM processor that runs Touch ID and security	Appleâ€™s new Intel driven MacBooks have a secondary ARM processor that runs Touch ID and&nbsp;security	1
Apples new Intel driven MacBooks have a secondary ARM processor that runs Touch ID and security	Apples new Intel driven MacBooks have a secondary ARM processor that runs&nbsp;touch ID&nbsp;and/or security	1
STD rates have reached a record high in the United States	STD rates reaching record high in the US!	1
Three reasons carriers are building new cell networks for the Internet of Things	Three reasons carriers are building new cell networks for the IoT	1
Three reasons carriers are building new cell networks for the Internet of Things	Three Reasons Carrier Are Building New Cell Networks for the IoT	1
Three reasons carriers are building new cell networks for the Internet of Things	three reasons carriers are building new cell networks for the #IoT	1
Three reasons carriers are building new cell networks for the Internet of Things	3 reasons carriers are building new cell networks for the Internet of&nbsp;Things	1
Three reasons carriers are building new cell networks for the Internet of Things	Three reasons carriers are building new cell networks for the #IoT	1
Hand sanitizers contain a strong concentration of alcohol and can be easily abused	Hand Sanitizers are a highly concentrated form of alcohol and are abused.	1
Hand sanitizers contain a strong concentration of alcohol and can be easily abused	Hand Sanitizers Contain a Strong Concentrate of Alcohol and Can Be Abandoned	1
Campaign says Clinton still hasn't talked to Abedin about new emails	Clinton still hasn't spoken to Abedin about new emails campaign says	1
Google's AI creates its own inhuman encryption	Googles AI sets up inhuman encryption	1
Google's AI creates its own inhuman encryption	Google's AI creates its own inhumanencryption&nbsp;encryption	1
Google's AI creates its own inhuman encryption	Googles AI creates its own inhumane encryption	1
A new edition of Shakespeare's works contends that Marlowe co-wrote " Henry VI	New Shakespeare edition says Marlowe co-wrote  Henry VI	1
Comeys review of emails related to Clinton server triggered by NY agents , source says	Comeyâ€™s review of Clinton server emails triggered by NY agents, source says	1
Commaai cancels the Comma One following NHTSA letter	Commaai just cancelled the Comma One following a NHTSA letter.	1
Commaai cancels the Comma One following NHTSA letter	The Comma One will be cancelled by Commaai, following the NHTSA letter	1
Commaai cancels the Comma One following NHTSA letter	Commaai Comma One to be cancelled after letter NHTSA request	1
Some health plan costs to increase by an average of 25% , the federal government said	Some health plan costs to rise by average of 25%, feds said	1
The problem isnt Donald Trumps mental health .	The problem isnt Donald Trump&rsquo;s mental health.	1
The problem isnt Donald Trumps mental health .	Problem isnt Donald Trumps mental health.	1
The problem isnt Donald Trumps mental health .	The problem isn&rsquo;t Donald Trump&rsquo;s mental health	1
The problem isnt Donald Trumps mental health .	The problem is not Donald #Trumps mental health.	1
The problem isnt Donald Trumps mental health .	The problem isn&rsquo;t Donald Trump&rsquo;s mental health.	1
Facebook tests Snapchat-style camera special effects with Direct sharing	Facebook tests Snapchat-style camera special effects with&nbsp;direct sharing	1
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte flummoxes the US with a call for " separation	Philippine president Duterte flummoxes US, calling for " separation	1
Magic Leap goes to Finland in pursuit of Nordic VR and AR talent	Magic Leap Travels to Finland To Connect With Nordic VR & amp ; AR Talent	1
Magic Leap goes to Finland in pursuit of Nordic VR and AR talent	@MagicLeap to Finland In search of Nordic VR and&nbsp;AR Talent	1
Magic Leap goes to Finland in pursuit of Nordic VR and AR talent	Magic Leap #MagicLeap returns to Finland in search of Nordic #VR & amp ; AR talent	1
Experiencing an outage ? Heres how to get around it	If you are experiencing an outage, here's how to get around it.	1
Experiencing an outage ? Heres how to get around it	An Outage That Is Sought for You? Here&rsquo;s How to Get Around It.	1
The anguish of being a Republican woman in the age of Trump	How Anguish of Republican Woman in the Age of Trump	1
The anguish of being a Republican woman in the age of Trump	Anxious at the Anguish of Republican Women in the Age of Trump	1
With the new MacBook Pro , dongle hell became so much worse	New MacBook Pro Raises Dongle Hell Is Even Worse.	1
With the new MacBook Pro , dongle hell became so much worse	With the new MacBook Pro Dongle Hell Went Ahead	1
Pediatricians no longer say kids under 2 shouldnt watch screens .	Pediatricians No Longer Say Kids Under 2 Shouldn&rsquo;t Watch Screens.	1
Pediatricians no longer say kids under 2 shouldnt watch screens .	Pediatricians No Longer Say Kids Under 2 Shouldn&rsquo;t Watch Screens&rsquo;.	1
Here's why containers are such a big deal	This is why the containers are so important.	1
Here's why containers are such a big deal	Why Containers Are So Big Deal	1
The NYT review of Lady Gaga's new album , " Joanne	Gaga's new album, " Joanne " from the NYT	1
All Tesla cars built from today on have all hardware needed for full self-driving	All Tesla cars built from today have all hardware needed for full self-driving & amp ; driving	1
Mark Duplass was 14 when he first fell in love . But things slowly became more complicated .	When I fell in love, Mark Duplass was 14. But things slowly became more complicated.	1
The first black Chicago Cub in #WorldSeries history is batting first in Game 1	The first black Chicago Cub in World Series history will bat first in Game 1" property	1
The first black Chicago Cub in #WorldSeries history is batting first in Game 1	The first black Chicago Cub in World Series history will bat first in Game 1	1
The first black Chicago Cub in #WorldSeries history is batting first in Game 1	WHILE SAYING. The First Black Chicago Cub in World Series History Will Bat First in Game 1	1
Microsoft is now a braver , more innovative company than Apple	Microsoft now a braver, more innovative, & amp ; more innovative company than @Apple	1
My whole life is a theater piece	Theater, my whole life is a theatre piece?	1
Hangar raises $6.5 million to give companies all the drone data they want without having to fly themselves	#Hanar raises $6.5M to give companies all the drone data they want without having to fly them?	1
Emails tied to Clinton case found after FBI seized devices belonging to Huma Abedin , Anthony Weiner	#HillaryClinton emails found after FBI seized devices belonging to Huma Abedin, Anthony Weiner	1
Regulatory Microscope Lies Ahead for AT & T and Time Warner	Regulation Microscope Lies Ahead For AT&amp;T and Time Warner	1
Regulatory Microscope Lies Ahead for AT & T and Time Warner	Regulatory Microscope Lies Ahead for AT&amp;T & amp ; Time Warner	1
Weebly hacked , 43 million credentials stolen	43 Million Weebly Credentials Stolen. How about a WEBly hacked?	1
Weebly hacked , 43 million credentials stolen	43 Million Weebly Pins Stolen, hacked & amp ; passwords stolen	1
Remember Apple vs . asked whats at stake in the debate over encryption	Apple vs.., Ask Whats at stake in the Debate Over Encryption	1
FBI director says agency is investigating newly discovered Hillary Clinton emails	FBI is investigating new Hillary Clinton emails, FBI director says	1
It's over , for now The company targeted by today's massive hack says things are back to normal .	TEST SHORT, for now The company targeted by today&squot;s massive hack says things are back to normal	1
It's over , for now The company targeted by today's massive hack says things are back to normal .	Big Hacks Said It All Over, For Now The Company Targeted by Todays Hack Says Things Are Back to Normal	1
Paul Beatty becomes first US author to win @ManBookerPrize , worth 50,000	Paul Beatty becomes the first US author to win the Man Booker Prize, worth 50,000.	1
Russian , US jets had near miss over Syria on Oct . 17 , US defense officials say	US and Russian jets near miss over Syria on Oct 17, US defense officials say	1
How a cyberattack on one company brought the internet to its knees	A cyberattack on a company toppled the internet to its knees	1
Hillary Clinton delivered these 18 zingers to Donald Trump's face	Hillary Clinton Delivers These 18 Zers to Donald Trump's Face	1
Don't take Donald Trump to dinner , writes @gailcollins for @nytopinion .	Don't take @realDonaldTrump to Dinner, writes @GailCollins for NYT Opinion	1
US economy grows 2.9% in 3Q ; strongest growth in 2 years after exports up	The US economy saw its strongest growth in 2 years, boosting exports by 2.9%.	1
This code word will help you when you feel unsafe on a date	What this code word will help you when you feel unsafe on a date.	1
You think your retirement plan is bad ? Talk to a teacher .	think your retirement plan is bad? Talk to your teacher	1
You think your retirement plan is bad ? Talk to a teacher .	Thinking Your Retirement Plan Is Bad? Talk to a Teacher.	1
You think your retirement plan is bad ? Talk to a teacher .	Talk to a Teacher Who Thinks Your Retirement Plan Is Bad.	1
You think your retirement plan is bad ? Talk to a teacher .	Think Your Retirement Plan Is Bad? Talk to Teachers.	1
Jury acquits all defendants in Oregon wildlife refuge standoff of federal conspiracy charges	A jury has been acquitted all defendants in the Oregon wildlife refuge standoff on federal conspiracy charges.	1
President Obama urges Nevada voters to turn out to the polls You got to go vote	Obama urges Nevada voters to turn out to the polls Your Got to Go Vote	1
President Obama urges Nevada voters to turn out to the polls You got to go vote	Obama urges Nevada voters to " vote	1
President Obama urges Nevada voters to turn out to the polls You got to go vote	Obama calls on voters in Nevada to turn out to vote. GET TO THE VOTE	1
President Obama urges Nevada voters to turn out to the polls You got to go vote	Obama urges Nevada voters to turn out to the polls " you got to go vote	1
President Obama urges Nevada voters to turn out to the polls You got to go vote	Obama urges Nevada voters to turn out to the polls'We Got to Vote	1
Senior intelligence official tells NBC News that Dyn cyberattacks unlikely to be state sponsored	Dyn cyberattacks unlikely to be state sponsored, senior intelligence official tells NBC News	1
Former Rep. Joe Walsh explains his " If Trump loses , I'm grabbing my musket " comment	If Trump loses, I'm grabbing my musket " says former congressman Joe Walsh	1
Voters do want to know the truth . They just want it to agree with them .	Voters do want to know the truth. They just want it to agree w/ them.	1
Here's a roundup of the week's whoppers from the campaign trail	This week's whoppers are from the campaign trail	1
Here's a roundup of the week's whoppers from the campaign trail	This Week's Whoppers From the Campaign Trail	1
Joe Biden is on Hillary Clinton's Secretary of State list , sources say	Biden on Clinton Secretary of State List, sources say	1
Donald Trump says he'll sue his sexual misconduct accusers	Trump says he'll sue his sex assault accusers	1
Preliminary magnitude 6.6 earthquake strikes western Japan , about 8 km east-southeast of Kurayoshi	Strong earthquake in western Japan, magnitude 6.6, strikes 8 km east-southeast of Kurayoshi	1
The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years .	The United States grew at 2.9% in the third quarter, the fastest increase in two years.	1
Los Angeles Sparks win their 1st WNBA title since 2002 with 77-76 win over Minnesota Lynx	Los Angeles Sparks win first WNBA title since 2002, beat the Minnesota Lynx 77-76	1
The Pentagon is developing " autonomous weapons . Their vision is less like the Terminator and more like Iron Man	The Pentagon is developing'autonomous weapons. Their vision is less like the Terminator and more like Iron Man." property	1
My economic plan can be summarized in three words " jobs , jobs , jobs	My economic plan can be summarized in three words: 'jobs, jobs, jobs" property	1
AT & T , Time Warner executives have met in recent weeks to discuss a possible merger	AT & T & amp ; Time Warner executives have met over recent weeks to discuss possible merger	1
AT & T , Time Warner executives have met in recent weeks to discuss a possible merger	AT&amp;T and Time Warner executives have met over the past few weeks to discuss a possible merger.	1
Justice Department has replaced the New York team of agents and lawyers investigating the death of Eric Garner	Justice Department Replaces New York Team of Agents and Lawyers Over Eric Garner Death	1
Government probing outage of a number of popular websites ; appears to be a massive DDoS attack .	Government investigates outage of several popular sites ; appears to be massive DDoS attack	1
Google's AI created its own form of encryption	Googles AI creates its own form of encryption	1
Google's AI created its own form of encryption	Googles AI algorithm has created its own way of encrypting.	1
Google's AI created its own form of encryption	Googles AI has created its own form of encryption.	1
The " saddest " polar bear lives in a mall in China	Saddest Polar Bear Lives in Mall in China	1
The UN says it is gravely worried that ISIS is using 550 families as human shields in Mosul .	UN warns of ISIS using 550 families as human shields in Mosul	1
You'll need a new cable to connect the MacBook Pro and iPhone 7	You&rsquo;ll Need a New Cable to Connect the MacBook Pro and the iPhone 7	1
You'll need a new cable to connect the MacBook Pro and iPhone 7	The MacBook Pro and iPhone 7 require a new cable to connect	1
You'll need a new cable to connect the MacBook Pro and iPhone 7	With the new MacBook Pro and the new iPhone 7, you&rsquo;ll need a new cable to connect them	1
Could Hillary Clinton win Texas ? Some Democrats say maybe .	Clinton Could Win Texas Many Democrats Say Maybe	1
Could Hillary Clinton win Texas ? Some Democrats say maybe .	Hillary could win Texas! Some Democrats say maybe.	1
Could Hillary Clinton win Texas ? Some Democrats say maybe .	Hillary Clinton could win Texas, some Democrats say yes	1
The FBI reopens Clinton email investigation after new messages found	FBI reopens Clinton probe after new emails found	1
Getting through these three debates with Donald has to count as a miracle	How it's all a miracle. Donald Trump's " Getting through these three debates	1
Getting through these three debates with Donald has to count as a miracle	How to Get Through These 3 Debates With Donald Has toCount As a Miracle	1
Getting through these three debates with Donald has to count as a miracle	This is absolutely incredible. Getting through these 3 debates with Donald has to count as a miracle.	1
Getting through these three debates with Donald has to count as a miracle	How incredible it was to get through these 3 debates with Donald!	1
Hillary Clinton leads by 7 points in North Carolina , a New York Times Upshot/Siena College survey found	Hillary Clinton leads by 7 points in #NorthCarolina, @nytimesupshot/SienaCollege survey finds	1
Hillary Clinton leads by 7 points in North Carolina , a New York Times Upshot/Siena College survey found	Clinton Leads by 7 Points in North Carolina, New York Times Upshot/Siena College Survey Finds	1
Obama ' lied directly and pointedly ' to the nation about #HillaryClinton's emails	Obama lies directly & amp ; pointedly to the nation about Clinton emails	1
Obama ' lied directly and pointedly ' to the nation about #HillaryClinton's emails	Obama lied directly and pointedly to the nation about Hillary&rsquo;s emails	1
Obama ' lied directly and pointedly ' to the nation about #HillaryClinton's emails	Obama lied directly and pointedly to the nation about Hillary's emails	1
I will accept the results of this election " if I win	Will accept the results of this election if I win	1
83 arrested at Dakota Access Pipeline protest	83 people were arrested on a pipeline protest' At Dakota Access Pipeline protest, they were arrested	1
Trump , GOP seize on new Clinton cash revelations to revive ' pay-to-play ' charge	POTUS, GOP seize on new Clinton cash revelations to revive 'Pay-to-Play' Charge	1
Trump , GOP seize on new Clinton cash revelations to revive ' pay-to-play ' charge	Trump, GOP seize on new Clinton cash revelations to revive & amp ; pay-to-play	1
Trump , GOP seize on new Clinton cash revelations to revive ' pay-to-play ' charge	Trump, GOP seize on new Clinton cash revelations to revive &ldquo;pay-to-play&rdquo; charge	1
The Problem for women is not winning . It's deciding to run . Women are the biggest self-doubters .	The Problem for Women Is Not Wining. Its deciding to run. Women Are the Biggest Self-Defees.	1
The Problem for women is not winning . It's deciding to run . Women are the biggest self-doubters .	The Problem for Women Is Not Wining. Its deciding to Run. Women are the biggest self-doubters.	1
The Problem for women is not winning . It's deciding to run . Women are the biggest self-doubters .	Women are the biggest self-doubters ". the problem for women is not winning. It's choosing to run.	1
The Problem for women is not winning . It's deciding to run . Women are the biggest self-doubters .	The problem for women is not winning. It's deciding to run #Women are the biggest self-doubters	1
The Problem for women is not winning . It's deciding to run . Women are the biggest self-doubters .	And the problem for women is not winning. It's choosing to run. Women Are the Biggest Self-Defeates	1
Daughter of Eric Garner slams Clinton campaign over emails about father's death	Daughter of Eric Garner slams Clinton campaign over emails & amp ; allegations of father's death	1
New poll shows Clinton over Trump by double-digits	Clinton over Trump by double-digits, according to new poll	1
Even Chelsea ripped ' hustling ' at lucrative family foundation	Even Chelsea ripped hustling  at lucrative family foundation	1
Even Chelsea ripped ' hustling ' at lucrative family foundation	Even Chelsea Tripped hustling '' at Profitable Family Foundation	1
Even Chelsea ripped ' hustling ' at lucrative family foundation	Even Chelsea Ripped  Hustling ',  at The Profitable Family Foundation	1
Comey's Announcement ' Disgraces and Politicizes the FBI	Comey's'disgraces and politicalizes' FBI	1
Comey's Announcement ' Disgraces and Politicizes the FBI	Comey's revelations on the FBI's'Disgraces and Politicizes' issue	1
Emails show Clinton campaign sought to ' bern ' Sanders with poolside pic	Emails show #HillaryClinton campaign sought to'bern'Sanders with poolside pic	1
Blame the Internet of Things for today's web blackout	Blame the Internet of Things for today&rsquo;s web blackout	1
Blame the Internet of Things for today's web blackout	Blame the Internet of Things for today&squot;s web blackout	1
The British government backs a plan for a 3rd runway at Heathrow	A 3rd Heathrow Runway Is Backed by British Government	1
Multiple deaths reported in California tour bus crash	A California tour bus crashed and killed at least 12 people as it struck a semi-truck in early Tuesday morning in California, killing at least one person.	1
The third wave of this mornings internet attack is underway , according to Dyn	Is this the third wave of internet attack today? Dynn says it's underway.	1
Man Who Destroyed @realDonaldTrump's Hollywood Star Could Serve 3 Years in Jail	Trump's Hollywood Star Man Who Destroyed Trump Could Serve 3 Years in Jail	1
Man Who Destroyed @realDonaldTrump's Hollywood Star Could Serve 3 Years in Jail	Man Who Destroyed #Trump Hollywood Star Could Serve 3 Years in Jail	1
Man Who Destroyed @realDonaldTrump's Hollywood Star Could Serve 3 Years in Jail	Man Who Destroyed Trump's Hollywood Star Could Serve 3 Years in Jail	1
Senator Elizabeth Warren's warning to Donald Trump Nasty women vote	Sen Elizabeth Warren warned Donald Trump Nasty women vote.	1
Goodbye Nintendo NX , hello ' Switch	Welcome to the Nintendo Switch. Goodbye NX, hello.	1
Goodbye Nintendo NX , hello ' Switch	Hello Switch Goodbye nex, hello Switch	1
Hillary #Clinton pal Neera Tanden's ' greatest hits ' from #WikiLeaks emails	Hillary Clinton pal Neera Tanden shares some of the greatest hits from WikiLeaks emails	1
Hillary #Clinton pal Neera Tanden's ' greatest hits ' from #WikiLeaks emails	Hillary Clinton pal Neera Tandens'greatest hits' from WikiLeaks emails	1
Hillary #Clinton pal Neera Tanden's ' greatest hits ' from #WikiLeaks emails	Neera Tanden & amp ; Hillary Clinton pal Hillary Clinton's greatest hits'from WikiLeaks emails	1
In Manhattan , residents are fighting to get the name " Trump " taken off their buildings	Residents in Manhattan, fighting to get Trump off buildings	1
Kellyanne Conway touts Donald Trump's " drain the swamp " message	Conway touts Trump's'drain the swamp'message Trump	1
Kellyanne Conway touts Donald Trump's " drain the swamp " message	Conway touts Trump'drain the swamp'message	1
Kellyanne Conway touts Donald Trump's " drain the swamp " message	Conway touts Trump's'drain the swamp'message	1
Load of manure dumped outside Democratic HQ in	Load of manure dumped at Democratic HQ	1
Science fiction comes up often in serious discussions about artificial intelligence and weapons . A list of works	A list of works in science fiction that come up frequently in serious discussions about artificial intelligence and weapons.	1
What do you think of the #XboxOneS ?	What do you think of the Xbox OneS?	1
What do you think of the #XboxOneS ?	What do you think of the #Xbox OneS?	1
What do you think of the #XboxOneS ?	What do you think of the #XBox OneS?	1
Clinton lectured State Dept . staff on cybersecurity in 2010 video	Hillary Clinton lectured State Dept staff on cybersecurity in 2010 video.	1
Clinton lectured State Dept . staff on cybersecurity in 2010 video	Hillary Clinton lectured State Dept. staff about cybersecurity in 2010 video	1
Clinton lectured State Dept . staff on cybersecurity in 2010 video	Hillary Clinton Lectures State Dept. Staff on Cybersecurity in 2010 Video	1
Clinton lectured State Dept . staff on cybersecurity in 2010 video	Hillary Clinton lectures State Dept. staff on cybersecurity in 2010 video	1
Push to delay speaker election puts House Speaker Paul Ryan in political jam	House push to delay speaker election puts Ryan in political jam	1
John Darnielle of the @mountain_goats reflects on his 1995 song " Cubs in Five	the Mountain Goats John Darnielle on his 1995 song " Cubs in Five '	1
John Darnielle of the @mountain_goats reflects on his 1995 song " Cubs in Five	Mountgoats' John Darnielle talks about his 1995 song Cubs in Five.	1
Load of manure dumped outside Democratic Party headquarters in Ohio county	Load of manure dumped outside #Democratic Party headquarters in #Ohio County Load of manure	1
Load of manure dumped outside Democratic Party headquarters in Ohio county	Load of manure dumped at Democratic headquarters in Ohio County.	1
Load of manure dumped outside Democratic Party headquarters in Ohio county	Load of manure dumped outside DAHQ in Ohio county	1
Load of manure dumped outside Democratic Party headquarters in Ohio county	Load of manure dumped at Democratic headquarters in Ohio County	1
Why is the legal standard for Hillary different than the one for you and me ?	Why Is the Legal Standard for Hillary Different Than the One For You & amp ; Me?	1
Cyber attacks disrupt Twitter , Netflix , Spotify service	cyberattacks disrupt Twitter, Netflix, and Spotify service	1
Cyber attacks disrupt Twitter , Netflix , Spotify service	Cyberattacks disrupt @twitter, Netflix,&nbsp;SPY service&nbsp;technology	1
AT & T to buy Time Warner in media mega-deal	AT&amp;T to buy Time Warner in media mega-deal	1
The earth has lost more than half its animals since 1970	The world has lost its animals more than half since 1970.	1
Ordinary Canadians are adopting Syrian refugees and confronting moral choices they didnt anticipate	Ordinary Canadians Adopt Syrian Refugees & amp ; Face Moral Choices They Didn&rsquo;t Expect	1
Ordinary Canadians are adopting Syrian refugees and confronting moral choices they didnt anticipate	Canadians Adopt Syrian Refugees. Choosing Moral Choices They Didn&rsquo;t Expect	1
Abedin reportedly pleads ignorance of how emails in new Clinton probe ended up on shared laptop	Abdul reportedly pleds ignorance of how emails in new Clinton probe ended up on shared laptop	1
Hollywood Walk of Fame star smashed with sledgehammer	Hollywood Walk of Fame star smashed w/ sledgehammer	1
Yes , Trump really is saying " big league , " not " bigly , " linguists say	Yes, Trump is saying bigly, not bigly, linguists say	1
Yes , Trump really is saying " big league , " not " bigly , " linguists say	yes, @realDonaldTrump is saying big league, not " bigly, " linguists say	1
Yes , Trump really is saying " big league , " not " bigly , " linguists say	yes, Trump really is saying bigly, " not " bigly, " linguists say.	1
John Roberts needs to take a stand against Senate Republicans and he needs to do it now	John Roberts Needs to Stand Against Senate Republicans & amp ; He Needs to Do It Now	1
Dead people registering ? Examples of voter fraud in key swing states	Dead People Registrating? Examples of Voter Fraud in Key Swing States	1
Overnight fires in parts of ' Jungle ' Calais camp as authorities continue operations to demolish it	There are over night fires burning in parts of the'Jungle'Calais Camp, as authorities continue operations to demolish it	1
Weengs , a shipping service for online sellers , picks up backing from LocalGlobe , Cherry , and Seedcamp	Introducing Weengs, a shipping service for online sellers, picks up backing from LocalGlobe, Cherry & amp ; Seedcamp	1
Weengs , a shipping service for online sellers , picks up backing from LocalGlobe , Cherry , and Seedcamp	Shipping site for online sellers picks up backing from LocalGlobe, Cherry & amp ; Seedcamp	1
Trump mistook a black supporter at his rally for a protestor and called him a " thug	Donald Trump mistook a black supporter at his rally for a protestor and called him a &ldquo;thug&rdquo;	1
Trump mistook a black supporter at his rally for a protestor and called him a " thug	Trump mistook a black supporter at his rally for a protester and called him a &ldquo;thug&rdquo;.	1
A parrot fossil has been unearthed in Siberia .	Parrot fossil unearthed in Siberia	1
A parrot fossil has been unearthed in Siberia .	Parrot fossil unearthed in Siberia.	1
Glassdoor will now tell you if youre being underpaid	Are you being underpaid? Glassdoor is giving you a new choice	1
Has the Republican feminist awakening begun ?	Did the Republican feminist awakening begin? Do you think so?	1
Bill Belichick is done using the NFLs Microsoft Surface tablet he hates so much	Bill Belichick Is Done Using the NFL&rsquo;s Microsoft Surface Tablet He Hates So Much	1
Why the " October surprise " is dead	Why the " October Surprise'Dead	1
The Macbook Pro's most important new feature ?	MacBook Pro's Most Important NewFeature?	1
The Macbook Pro's most important new feature ?	Apple's MacBook Pro is the most important new feature	1
And they scoffed at @BoingBoing when we revealed that Daddy Drumpf was linked to the Klan .	And they laughed at @BoingBoing when we revealed that Daddy Drumpf was linked to the Klan.	1
Human Rights Campaign maintains Kirk endorsement after racist comment	HRC maintains Kirk endorsement after racist comment	1
What knitting can teach us about parenting	Knitting and parenting. What it can teach us.	1
Trump says that " illegal immigration violates the civil rights of African Americans	Trump Says Illegal Immigration Is Harassing Blacks Civil Rights	1
LeEco takes on Apple , Google , Amazon , Netflix , Samsung , Oculus , Tesla and Uber in US debut	#LeEco takes on #Apple, Google, Amazon, Netflix, Samsung, Oculus, Tesla and Uber in a US debut	1
A chef's knife from Misen promises professional quality for $65 . But it doesn't quite make the cut	Misen's chef's knife promises pro quality for $65. But it doesn't make the cut	1
I scored 503 on the Slate Friday News Quiz !	Got 503 on the Slate Friday News Quiz!	1
Brazil has become a deadly player in the global arms industry	Brazil Said to Be a Deadly Player in Global Arms Industry	1
2016 Proposition Song ! From @nprpolitics podcast	Proposition Song of 2016! From the NPR political podcast	1
Nominate your choice for Social Impact in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate a Social Impact Project at the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	1
GOP accuses State Dept . of ' cover-up ' to protect Clinton over emails	OPPOSITE! GOP Accuses State Dept. of'Cover-Up'to Protect Clinton Over Emails	1
If California votes to allow recreational marijuana , it could blow the door open to eventual federal legalization	If California Votes to Allow Recreational Marijuana, It Could Open Doors to Federal Legalization.	1
If California votes to allow recreational marijuana , it could blow the door open to eventual federal legalization	If California votes to allow recreational marijuana, we could be opening the door to full federalization.	1
If California votes to allow recreational marijuana , it could blow the door open to eventual federal legalization	If California voted on recreational marijuana this could be the year for federal legalization of marijuana	1
Its not Trumps supposed personality disorder that matters . Its his privilege	In this Trump era, it doesn&rsquo;t matter personality disorder. It&rsquo;s his privilege	1
Its not Trumps supposed personality disorder that matters . Its his privilege	Its not Trump&rsquo;s supposedly personality disorder that matters. It&rsquo;s his privilege.	1
Double murder suspect live streamed escape from Police	Double murder suspect live streamed evasion via police	1
Adtech isn't dead , it just has a lot of dead weight	Adtech isnt dead, it just has a lot of dead weight,	1
Adtech isn't dead , it just has a lot of dead weight	Adtech isnt dead, it just has a lot of dead&nbsp;weight	1
I've worked at Harvard for 17 years and can't make the rent or my doctors ' co-pays .	I worked for 17 years in Harvard and can't make the rent or co-payments of my doctors.	1
I've worked at Harvard for 17 years and can't make the rent or my doctors ' co-pays .	I work at Harvard for 17 years, and can't make the rent or co-pays of the doctors.	1
I've worked at Harvard for 17 years and can't make the rent or my doctors ' co-pays .	I worked at Harvard for 17 years and still cant make the rent or my doctor co-pays.	1
President Obama explains why you cant run the U.S. like a startup	President Obama explains why you can&rsquo;t run the US like a startup&rsquo;	1
WikiLeaks tweets it has a " surprise in store Tim Kaine and Donna Brazile .	WikiLeaks tweets that its'surprise in store to Tim Kaine and Donna Brazile '.	1
WikiLeaks tweets it has a " surprise in store Tim Kaine and Donna Brazile .	WikiLeaks tweets there is a " surprise in store " for Tim Kaine and Donna Brazile.	1
Ammon Bundy and 6 followers acquitted in takeover of Oregon wildlife refuge	Ammon Bundy, 6 followers acquitted in takeover of OR wildlife refuge	1
President Obama pushes ObamaCare despite double-digit rate hikes	Obama pushes #ObamaCare despite double-digit rate rises	1
President Obama pushes ObamaCare despite double-digit rate hikes	Obama pushes Health Law despite double-digit rate hikes	1
AT & T is buying Time Warner for $85.4 B in cash and shares	AT & T Buys Time Warner for $85.4 B cash & amp ; shares	1
AT & T is buying Time Warner for $85.4 B in cash and shares	AT & T acquires Time Warner for $85.4 B, cash and &ldquo;shares&nbsp;expand	1
AT & T is buying Time Warner for $85.4 B in cash and shares	AT & T acquires Time Warner for $85.4 B in cash and&nbsp;shares	1
AT & T is buying Time Warner for $85.4 B in cash and shares	AT&amp;T Buys Time Warner for $85.4 B Cash and Shares	1
The Second Avenue subway line , a project that dates to the 1920s , is scheduled to open in December	The 2nd Avenue subway line is due to be completed in December, a project dating back to the 1920s.	1
All Tesla cars built from now on will have all the hardware needed for full self-driving	All Tesla cars built from today on have all hardware needed for full&nbsp;self-driving	1
General's guilty plea in leak probe fuels double-standard claims by Clinton critics	Generals guilty plea in leaked probe fuels double-standard claims by Clinton critics	1
Vine is closing down , and the internet cant stand it	Vine is closing. And the internet cant stand.	1
Vine is closing down , and the internet cant stand it	That's the end of Vine - and Internet Cant Stand It.	1
Vine is closing down , and the internet cant stand it	Vine is shutting down, and the internet can&rsquo;t stand it	1
Why is the election " rigged " at the very moment that a woman is on the verge of victory ?	Why Is the Election &ldquo;Rigged&rdquo; at the Very Moment of a Womans Victory?	1
Why is the election " rigged " at the very moment that a woman is on the verge of victory ?	Why Is the Election Rigged? What Happens When a Woman Is On the Verge of Victory?	1
Why is the election " rigged " at the very moment that a woman is on the verge of victory ?	Why Is the Election rigged? Because Women Stand on the Verge of Victory.	1
Man sentenced to 18 months in jail for hacking into accounts of celebrities and stealing nude photos and videos	Man sentenced to 18 months in jail for hacking into celebrities accounts'by stealing nude photos & amp ; videos	1
Clinton server email at heart of ' quid pro quo ' controversy contained Benghazi intel	Hillary Clinton Email at Heart of Quid Pro quo Contain Benghazi Intel	1
Clinton server email at heart of ' quid pro quo ' controversy contained Benghazi intel	emails that contained Benghazi intel were at heart of Clinton servers quid pro quo.	1
This new children's show is inspiring girls to embrace tech	A new children's show pips girls to tech.	1
Im 29 and I never learned how money works . Its time to fix that .	Why I'm 29 and I Never Learned How Money Works. Its Time to Fix That.	1
Were increasingly paying more not to get the physical copy of a book or movie	Were increasingly paying more not to get the physical copy of a book or movie, nbsp	1
Is it " ugly " to do make-up on the train ? A Japanese rail company thinks so	Is it'ugly'to apply make-up on the train? Japanese rail company thinks so	1
One idea to help California build the housing it needs ? Use vacant lots in Los Angeles and San Francisco	One Idea to Help California Build the Housing It Needs: UseVacancies in Los Angeles and San Francisco	1
One idea to help California build the housing it needs ? Use vacant lots in Los Angeles and San Francisco	Imagine helping California build the housing it needs? Use vacant lots in Los Angeles and San Francisco.	1
How an attack on a company you've never heard of crushed the internet	How an attack on a company you've never heard of crushed the #Internet.	1
How an attack on a company you've never heard of crushed the internet	An attack on a company you've never heard of crushed the internet. What does that mean?	1
How a big league prospect became a hit man for the mob .	A Big League Prospect Became a Mob Hit Man	1
How a big league prospect became a hit man for the mob .	What Makes a Major League Prospect a Hit Man for the Mob.	1
Hillarys Al Smith Dinner address was absurdly funny and beautifully poignant .	Hillary Clinton&rsquo;s Al Smith Dinner Address Was Ridiculously Funny and Beautifully Poignant	1
Images reveal where Europe's Mars lander crashed	Images reveal crashed Mars lander Site in Europe	1
Top targets of Donald Trump's insults by month . Read the complete list here .	The Top List of Donald Trumps Insults by Month. Find It Here	1
Its free to join @Watching ; just log in with your account or create a new account	It&rsquo;s Free to Join Watching, just login with your account or create a new account!	1
Its free to join @Watching ; just log in with your account or create a new account	To Join @Watching, its free ; just log in with your account or create a new account	1
You cant take your eyes off of those kielbasas !	I know. You can't take your eyes off those kielbasas!	1
You cant take your eyes off of those kielbasas !	You can't take your eyes off Those Katalbasas!	1
You cant take your eyes off of those kielbasas !	Thatâ€™s the truth. You cant take your eyes off those kielbasas!	1
Rep. Darrell Issa finds his embrace of Trump could cost him so now hes embracing Obama	Darrell Issa Finds His Acceptance of Trump Could Cost Him So Now Im with Obama	1
Donald Trump's property tax strategy Is it hurting local governments ?	Trumps #propertytax strategy Is it hurting local governments?	1
Is it tacky to display books you have no intention of reading ?	Is It Taky to Display Books You Have No Intention of Reading?	1
Is it tacky to display books you have no intention of reading ?	Are you saying " its tacky " to show books you have no intention of reading?	1
Federal law does not mandate used-car sellers to disclose when a car has been recalled . The results can be deadly .	Used-car sellers are a protected class in the US by the Federal Law. However, the laws do not mandate sellers to disclose when a car has been recalled. The results can be deadly.	1
I think this ad will actually affect the election	ABOUT THIS ad. I think this will affect the election	1
Colin Powell says he's voting for Hillary Clinton	Powell: I'm voting for Hillary Clinton	1
You cant predict a recession based on the length of an expansion ; it doesnt work that way .	Cant predict a recession based on the length of the expansion, it doesnt work that way.	1
Tour bus , tractor-trailer collide near Palm Springs , CA . Up to 10 people killed , according to CNN affiliate KESQ .	TEAM Bus, Tractor Tilt in Palm Springs, CA, Collide w/ a tractor-trailer, killing at least 10 people	1
Tour bus , tractor-trailer collide near Palm Springs , CA . Up to 10 people killed , according to CNN affiliate KESQ .	A tour bus and a tractor-trailer collided near Palm Springs, California, killing at least 10 people, according to KESQ, CNN affiliate.	1
Tour bus , tractor-trailer collide near Palm Springs , CA . Up to 10 people killed , according to CNN affiliate KESQ .	More than 10 people were killed when a tour bus and a tractor-trailer collided near Palm Springs, California, authorities said.	1
Think you can beat @OsitaNwanevu in the Slate News Quiz ?	Think You&rsquo;re Smarter Than Slate&rsquo;s OsitaNwanevu in the Slate News Quiz? Try it!	1
Oregon wildlife refuge occupiers in shock acquittal	Oregon's occupants of wildlife refuges in shock acquitted.	1
Oregon wildlife refuge occupiers in shock acquittal	Occupants of Oregon wildlife refuges in shock acquitted	1
Trump sexually humiliated a Miss Universe onstage with an orgasm joke	Trump sexually humiliated Miss Universe onstage w/orgasm joke!	1
Watch President Obama read mean tweets as he slams Donald Trump last night on Jimmy Kimmel	Watch Obama read mean tweets as he slams Trump on Jimmy Kimmel Last Night	1
World's largest marine protected area declared in Antarctica	A vast marine protected area has been delineated as the world's largest marine protected area in Antarctica.	1
FBI chief may have broken law , says top Democrat	F.B.I. chief may have broken law, says top Democrat.	1
FBI chief may have broken law , says top Democrat	FBI chief may have broken law, says top Democrat - FBI chief may have broken law.	1
Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani When I see Clinton , I see her in an orange jumpsuit	Rudy Giuliani Exits New York Mayor When I See Clinton, I See Her in Orange Jumpsuit	1
EU and Canada sign long-delayed free trade deal .	Canada, EU sign long-delayed free trade deal	1
Roots of Trump family fortune traced to Canada brothel in Gold Rush era , because of course	The origins of Trump family fortune traced to a Canada brothel in the Gold Rush era of, because of course.	1
A look inside the offices of Washington officials	In Washington, a peek inside the offices of some top Washington officials	1
A look inside the offices of Washington officials	A peek inside Washington officials offices.	1
A look inside the offices of Washington officials	The offices of Washington officials.	1
England v Bangladesh Tourists collapse to 108-run defeat	England / Bangladesh cricketers collide to 108-run defeat	1
England v Bangladesh Tourists collapse to 108-run defeat	England vs Bangladesh strikers slump to 108 run defeat	1
The Afghan woman in the famed National Geographic photo is arrested in Pakistan	Afghan Woman in Great Geographic Photo Is Arrested in Pakistan	1
The Afghan woman in the famed National Geographic photo is arrested in Pakistan	Afghan Girl in Famous National Geographic Photo Arrested in Pakistan	1
The Afghan woman in the famed National Geographic photo is arrested in Pakistan	Afghan Girl in Famous Geographic Photo Is Arrested in Pakistan	1
The Afghan woman in the famed National Geographic photo is arrested in Pakistan	Afghan Girl in National Geographic Photo Is Arrested in Pakistan	1
We have not been contacted by anyone . we don't know the facts Hillary Clinton says	We have not been contacted by anyone. We don't know the facts @HillaryClinton says	1
in time , money and marriage of volunteering at the Calais Jungle	Volunteering in the Calais Jungle - Duration, Money, and Marriage	1
in time , money and marriage of volunteering at the Calais Jungle	volunteering at the Calais Jungle, in time, money and marriage	1
in time , money and marriage of volunteering at the Calais Jungle	volunteering at the Calais Jungle in time, money, and marriage	1
in time , money and marriage of volunteering at the Calais Jungle	Volunteering at the Calais Jungle, in time, money and marriage	1
We don't know if it will happen again or when Dr Laura Gregory on Italy	We don't know if it will happen again, or when Dr Laura Gregory will be on ITA	1
We don't know if it will happen again or when Dr Laura Gregory on Italy	We don't know if it will happen again or when Dr. Laura Gregory returns to Italy.	1
We don't know if it will happen again or when Dr Laura Gregory on Italy	We don't know if it will happen again or when Dr Laura Gregory returns to Italy.	1
We don't know if it will happen again or when Dr Laura Gregory on Italy	I don't know if it will happen again or when Dr Laura Gregory will return to Italy.	1
Hillary Clinton says " American people deserve to get the full and complete facts " on FBI email investigation .	Clinton Says American People Need to Get the Full and Complete Facts About #FBI Email Investigation	1
Can VR be used to create empathy ?	Can #VR be used to create #empathy?	1
Can VR be used to create empathy ?	How Can VR be used to create empathy?	1
Can VR be used to create empathy ?	VR in ways to create empathy	1
A father in New Jersey jumped from a bridge while holding his two children ; he died , they survived	A father jumps from a bridge in New Jersey when holding his two children. He dies, they survive.	1
Using South Africa's version of the N-word may soon mean jail time	Jail Time for South Africa's N-word? it might soon mean jail!	1
Workers have begun the process of tearing down the ' Jungle ' migrant camp in Calais , France	Camp'Jungle'being torn down in Calais, France The migrant camp is being razed	1
Arrivals by boat face lifetime visa ban	Immigration ban for immigrants who arrived on a boat for more than a year is a permanent issue.	1
Jared Fogle's ex-wife sues Subway , alleging it failed to alert authorities he was pedophile	Jared Fogle's ex-wife sues Subway Pedas, says Subway failed to alert authorities he was pedophile.	1
Metropolitan Opera Cancels Performance After White Substance Is Tossed Into Orchestra Pit	Metropolitan Opera Cancels Performance After White Substance Is Tossed Into Orchester Pit	1
Professor with Remarkable Track Record Predicts a Trump Election Win	Prof. w/ Remarkable Track Record Predicts a Trump Election Win	1
New York's Metropolitan Opera halts show over powder sprinkle	New York Metropolitan Opera halted after sprinkle of powder	1
Twitter said it planned to cut some 350 jobs , or roughly 9% of its global work force	Twitter: Its plans to cut 350 jobs, or roughly 9% of its global work force	1
Twitter said it planned to cut some 350 jobs , or roughly 9% of its global work force	Twitter plans to cut 350 jobs, or roughly 9%, of it global workforce. More on this here	1
We've depleted our savings Veteran Susan Haley who had to repay her enlistment bonus	Savings veteran Susan Haley, who was forced to repay her enlistment bonus, was depleted.	1
With @Jo_Becker I ask How does a guy walk out of NSA year after year with stacks of secrets ?	With @JoBecker, I Ask How Does a Guy Walk Out of the NSA Year After Year With Stacks of Secrets?	1
With @Jo_Becker I ask How does a guy walk out of NSA year after year with stacks of secrets ?	With @JoBecker, I ask how does a guy walk out of NSA year after year with stacks of & amp ; secrets?	1
Mexico City stages first Day of the Dead parade	Mexico City hosts first Day of the Dead parade" property	1
Mexico City stages first Day of the Dead parade	Mexico City staged a day of the dead parade for the first time	1
The third debate settled it He's not just cynical .	The third debate resolved it He&rsquo;s not just cynical.	1
The third debate settled it He's not just cynical .	The Third Debate Solved It He&rsquo;s Not Just Cynical.	1
The third debate settled it He's not just cynical .	And the third debate found it: He's not just cynical	1
The third debate settled it He's not just cynical .	: The Third Debate Settled It He&rsquo;s Not Just Cynical.	1
The third debate settled it He's not just cynical .	How the 3rd Debate Solved It He's Not Just Cynical.	1
Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 7 points in Pennsylvania , a new poll found	Clinton leads Trump by 7 points in Pennsylvania New poll shows Clinton leading Trump by 7 points	1
Trump calls the media " the world's most dishonest people	@realDonaldTrump says media " are the world's most dishonest people	1
Trump calls the media " the world's most dishonest people	Trump blasts the media for being'some of the world's most dishonest people	1
Trump calls the media " the world's most dishonest people	Donald Trump says the media is'the worlds most dishonest people'@CNNPolitics	1
She didn't know her father was dead . It turned out his corpse was stranded in cold storage , waiting for burial .	We don't know your father is dead. His corpse was stranded in cold storage waiting for burial.	1
What we know about Hillary Clintons private email server	What We Know About Clinton&rsquo;s Private Email Server	1
What we know about Hillary Clintons private email server	A piece of information from Hillary Clintons private email server	1
Any #Trump supporter like ' a legal terrorist	Anyone @realDonaldTrump supporters like'a legal terrorist '?	1
Any #Trump supporter like ' a legal terrorist	AnyTrump supporter like'a legal terrorist'ht	1
Any #Trump supporter like ' a legal terrorist	Anything Trump supporters like'a legal Terrorist	1
Meet the baby who was born twice Removed from the womb for surgery , then returned	Meet the baby who was born twice After a birth, she was removed from the womb, given an operation and then re-introduced back in the womb.	1
This should have been a victory lap for Paul Ryan . Now he's working to keep both the party and his speakership safe .	This Should Have Been a Victory Row for Paul Ryan. Now he's working to secure both the party and his job as speaker.	1
says Trump trying to " discourage " electorate He's such a downer , right ?	How Trump is trying to discourage the electorate he's just a downer.	1
Trump vows to sue all female accusers as 11th woman steps forward to claim inappropriate advances	@realDonaldTrump will sue all female accusers as the 11th step steps forward to claim nascent advances	1
Astronomers have unveiled an incredibly detailed new map of the Milky Way	Astronomers unveil incredibly detailed new Milky Way map	1
Historical marker honoring Emmett Till shot by dozens of bullets	Remarks, historical marker honoring Emmett Till shot by dozens of bullets	1
A former north Wales police chief has been found guilty of historical child sex offences .	Former north Wales police chief found guilty of historic child sex offences	1
A former north Wales police chief has been found guilty of historical child sex offences .	Former north Wales police chief found guilty of historical child sex offences	1
A former north Wales police chief has been found guilty of historical child sex offences .	Former north Wales police chief convicted of historic child sex offences	1
Airbus envisions making Uber-like air taxis that beat traffic by flying over it	Airbus envisions making #Uber-like #air taxis that beat the&nbsp;traffic by flying over&nbsp;it	1
Airbus envisions making Uber-like air taxis that beat traffic by flying over it	Airbus envisions making Uber-like air taxis that beat&nbsp;traffic by flying over&nbsp;it	1
Airbus envisions making Uber-like air taxis that beat traffic by flying over it	Airbus has a vision for Uber-like taxis that beat traffic by flying overit	1
The logo for the Cleveland Indians is an ugly racist caricature	Cleveland Indians logo is ugly racist caricature.	1
Tim Kaine to Donald Trump " making all sorts of wild claims " about FBI letter " that just aren't true .	Tim Kaine says Trump makes "all sorts of wild claims " about FBI letter 'that just aren't true	1
Tim Kaine to Donald Trump " making all sorts of wild claims " about FBI letter " that just aren't true .	Tim Kaine to @realDonaldTrump'making all sorts of wild claims about FBI letter " that just aren't true	1
On the trail in Trump's America CNN's @SaraMurray on what it's like to cover Donald Trump	On the trail in Trump's America CNN's Sarah Murray on what it's like to cover @realDonaldTrump	1
On the trail in Trump's America CNN's @SaraMurray on what it's like to cover Donald Trump	On the trail in Trump's America CNN's SaraMurray on what it's like to cover @realDonaldTrump	1
What knitting can teach people about parenting	How knitting can teach me about parenting	1
Will Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump win the US election ?	Won Trump or Hillary Clinton the US election?	1
This is the new MacBook Pro with the Magic Toolbar mini display	The NEW MacBook Pro with the Magic Toolbar mini display	1
Voters aren't " fascinated with sex . They care about consent .	Voters Aren&rsquo;t Fascinated With Sex. They Care About Consent.	1
Voters aren't " fascinated with sex . They care about consent .	Voters Don&rsquo;t Love Sex. They Care About Consent.	1
Voters aren't " fascinated with sex . They care about consent .	Voters Aren&rsquo;t Fancy With Sex. They Care About Consent.	1
The Mirai botnets internet takedown opens up a new market for attackers and defenders	Mirai botnet internet takedown opens up a new market for attackers and&nbsp;defenders	1
The Mirai botnets internet takedown opens up a new market for attackers and defenders	The Mirai botnets internet takedown opens up a new market for attackers and&nbsp;defenders	1
The Mirai botnets internet takedown opens up a new market for attackers and defenders	Mirai botnets internet takedown opens up a new market for attackers and&nbsp;defenders	1
The Mirai botnets internet takedown opens up a new market for attackers and defenders	The internet takedown of the Mirai botnets opens up a new market for attackers and&nbsp;defenders	1
The Mirai botnets internet takedown opens up a new market for attackers and defenders	Mirai botnet internet takedown opens up a new market for attackers&nbsp;&nbsp;defenders	1
Junko Tabei , first woman to conquer Mount Everest , dies at 77	First woman to climb Everest Dies at 77 Junko Tabei, 1st woman to climb Everest	1
Health law tax penalty ? Ill take It , millions say .	Ill Take It, Millions Say Health Law Tax Penalty?	1
20 years ago , America embraced genetically modified crops . Despite the promise of miracles , they've fallen short .	20 Years Later, America embraced genetically modified crops, and Despite the Promise of Miracles, They&rsquo;ve Fallen Short	1
A new AI program matches news photographs with art from Tate Britain . Here are the results .	A New AI Program Matches News Photos With Art From Tate Britain. Heres Them.	1
South Africa has announced it's withdrawing from the @IntlCrimCourt	South Africa to part ways with @IntlCrimCourt	1
Red Sift , a startup from ex-Shazam technical architect , wants to make your data work for you	Red Sift is a startup based from ex-Shazam technical architect, wants to make your data work for u	1
Red Sift , a startup from ex-Shazam technical architect , wants to make your data work for you	Red Sift, a startup from ex-Shazam technical architect, wants to make your data work for&nbsp;you	1
Red Sift , a startup from ex-Shazam technical architect , wants to make your data work for you	Red Sift is a startup from ex-Shazam technical architect, wanting to make your data work fory.	1
Red Sift , a startup from ex-Shazam technical architect , wants to make your data work for you	Red Sift is a startup from ex-Shazam technical architect, to make your data work for you	1
San Francisco proposes new plan to clear tents off streets	San Francisco, San Francisco, New Plan to Clear Tents Off Streets	1
In the email saga , a fresh twist summons familiar hysteria .	A fresh twist invokes familiar hysteria in the email saga.	1
Samsung ' blocks ' exploding Note 7 parody videos	Samsung'blocks'exploding Note 7 parody videos ht	1
Im bumfuzzled by the whole thing .	I'm really confused by this whole thing.	1
Im bumfuzzled by the whole thing .	I'm bumfuzzled by the whole thing.	1
Im bumfuzzled by the whole thing .	I'm bumfuzzled by the whole thing	1
Im bumfuzzled by the whole thing .	I'm upset over this whole thing.	1
We should just cancel the election " and declare me the winner	We Should Just Cancel The Election & amp ; Declare Me the Winner	1
Vine's six seconds of fame are over . Is Twitter the next to fall ?	Vine's Six Seconds of Fame Are Over Vine is Twitter the Next to Fall	1
Vine's six seconds of fame are over . Is Twitter the next to fall ?	Vines Six Seconds of Fame Are Over. Is Twitter the Next to Fall?	1
Clinton and Trump trade barbs at Al Smith dinner	Clinton and Trump barbs at Al Smith Dinner	1
Clinton and Trump trade barbs at Al Smith dinner	The Clintons and Trumps Trade Barbs at Al Smith Dinner.	1
Peter Thiel defends his most contrarian move yet supporting Donald Trump	Thiel Defends His Most Contrarian Move Yet supporting Trump	1
Peter Thiel defends his most contrarian move yet supporting Donald Trump	Phiel defends most contrarian move yet, supporting Donald Trump	1
Think you love Starbucks coffee ? Probably not as much as this uncle in Hong Kong .	Starbucks Coffee You Think You Love Starbucks, but Not As Much as This Uncle in Hong Kong.	1
Aid groups warn of children with nowhere to go after Calais " Jungle " closed	Aid groups warn of children without nowhere to go following Calais Jungle.	1
Forget the scary monsters . Halloween used to be about finding true love .	Before Halloween, Halloween Used to Be About Finding True Love.	1
Chicago Cubs dominate Cleveland Indians with 5-1 win in Game 2 of the World Series	Chicago Cubs outplay Cleveland Indians 5-1 at World Series, win over Cubs in Game 2	1
Huma Abedin seemed like a sure thing in a Clinton White House . But is the latest FBI inquiry a scandal too far ?	Abedin Sound Like a Sure Thing in a Clinton White House. Is the Latest Fbi Inquiry a Scandal Too Far?	1
Huma Abedin seemed like a sure thing in a Clinton White House . But is the latest FBI inquiry a scandal too far ?	Huma Abedin appeared as if she was a Sure Thing in a Clinton White House. But is the latest FBI probe a scandal too far?	1
Twitter's sales team may take a hit in big upcoming layoffs	Twitter's sales team may take a hit in upcoming big&nbsp;layoffs	1
More people have drowned in the Mediterranean this year than ever before at least 3,800	3800 people drown in the Mediterranean this year more than ever before	1
More people have drowned in the Mediterranean this year than ever before at least 3,800	At least 3,800 dead in the Mediterranean Sea this year than ever before	1
With Trump losing ground in Arizona , Republicans have seized on health insurance rate hikes to buoy them	With Trump Losing Ground in Arizona, Republicans Have Seized on Health Insurance Rate Steages to Buoy Republicans.	1
With Trump losing ground in Arizona , Republicans have seized on health insurance rate hikes to buoy them	With Trump Losing Ground in Arizona, Republicans Adapted to Rise in Health Care Rates to Capture the Ruin	1
With Trump losing ground in Arizona , Republicans have seized on health insurance rate hikes to buoy them	With Trump losing ground in Arizona, Republicans Have Seen on Health Insurance Rate Increases To Buoy Trump	1
With Trump losing ground in Arizona , Republicans have seized on health insurance rate hikes to buoy them	With Trump Losing Ground in Arizona, Republicans Have Seized on Health Insurance Rates To Buoy Their Own Party	1
Twitter decides to release earnings while most of us are sleeping because reasons	Twitter decides to release earnings while most of us are asleep because&nbsp;reasons	1
Twitter decides to release earnings while most of us are sleeping because reasons	Twitter decides to release earnings while most of us are asleep because.	1
Even math teachers are at a loss to understand the annuities in their retirement plans	Even Math Teachers Are at a Lost Job Explaining Annuities in Retirement Plans!	1
Even math teachers are at a loss to understand the annuities in their retirement plans	Even Math Teachers Are at a Loss to Understand Annuities & amp ; Retirement Plans	1
Facebook accused of removing breast cancer awareness video	Facebook has accused of removing a #breast cancer awareness video	1
Tweets like this are why I'll miss Twitter when Peter Thiel buys and destroys it	Tweets like this are why I'll miss Twitter when Peter Thiel buys and destroys&nbsp;it	1
WikiLeaks claims sham U.S. firm is trying to smear Assange	WikiLeaks sham U.S. firm is trying to smear Assange	1
After a sudden Islamic State attack in Kirkuk , fighters are looking for clues to strategy in corpses and cellphones	After a Urgency ISIS Attack in Kirkuk, Fighters Seek Clues to Strategy in Corpses and Cellphones	1
50 TBs of classified data exfiltrated , including TAO's library of exploits ?	50 TBs of classified data exfiltrated, including TAO & amp ; all the exploits?	1
50 TBs of classified data exfiltrated , including TAO's library of exploits ?	50TBs of classified data exfiltrated, including TAO's library of exploits?	1
Apple's new MacBook Pro just killed off most of the ports you probably need	Apples new MacBook Pro kills off most of the ports you probably need	1
Apple's new MacBook Pro just killed off most of the ports you probably need	Apples New MacBook Pro Kills Off Most of the Ports You Most Likely Need	1
Apple's new MacBook Pro just killed off most of the ports you probably need	Apples new MacBook Pro will kill off most of the ports you probably need	1
Video game actors want to be paid like film and TV actors , and they're about to go on strike	Video game actors, want to be paid like film and TV actors, and they&rsquo;re about to go on strike	1
Video game actors want to be paid like film and TV actors , and they're about to go on strike	So, Video Game Actors Want to Be Paid Like Film and TV Actors, and Theyre About to Go on Strike	1
Video game actors want to be paid like film and TV actors , and they're about to go on strike	Game actors go on strike! They want to be paid like film and TV actors.	1
Video game actors want to be paid like film and TV actors , and they're about to go on strike	Video game actors want to be paid like film & amp ; TV actors, and they&rsquo;re about to go on strike	1
Small factories have become weapons in the fight against poverty	Small factory revolution. Helping us get out of poverty	1
Small factories have become weapons in the fight against poverty	In the fight against poverty, Small Small Fabs become weapon	1
Founder's comment on Vine shutting down ? Don't sell your company !	Founder's comment on Vine shutting down? Dont sell your company	1
maybe don't grab her by anything d particularly her brains	possibly don't grab her by anything, particularly her brains	1
maybe don't grab her by anything d particularly her brains	Don't jump on her a t, d especially her brains	1
maybe don't grab her by anything d particularly her brains	maybe don't grab them by anything d'especially their brains	1
FBI chief James Comey is in the political crossfire again over Hillary Clinton's emails	FBI Chief James Comey is in the political crossfire again over @HillaryClinton's emails	1
FBI chief James Comey is in the political crossfire again over Hillary Clinton's emails	F.B.I. Chief James Comey is in the political crossfire again over Hillary Clinton's emails	1
Donald Trump holds rally in key battleground state of North Carolina	GO POTUS Trump holds rally in key battleground North Carolina state	1
Our election forecast , updated often .	Election Forecast, updated often	1
Facebook launches augmented reality selfie " masks " for Live video	Facebook debuts augmented reality selfie masks for Live&nbsp;video	1
Facebook launches augmented reality selfie " masks " for Live video	Facebook opens augmented reality selfie masks for Live	1
Twitter lays off 9% of its workforce as it posts a much-needed positive Q3	Twitter laid off 9% of its workforce, a sign of need for a bigger #Q3!	1
Google's Jamboard is a huge digital whiteboard for collaboration	Google&squot;s Jamboard is a huge digital whiteboard for collaboration	1
Grabbing coffee at a VR cafe in Seoul , South Korea	Coffee at VR cafe in Seoul, South Korea	1
Grabbing coffee at a VR cafe in Seoul , South Korea	Coffee at a VR Cafe in Seoul, South Korea	1
Grabbing coffee at a VR cafe in Seoul , South Korea	Coffee in a VR Cafe in Seoul, South Korea. So cool, this is so cool!	1
Grabbing coffee at a VR cafe in Seoul , South Korea	Coffee in a VR Cafe in Seoul, South Korea	1
Hillary Clinton was confident there would be no change to the FBIs decision to drop the case	Clinton confident there would be no change to F.B.I.&rsquo;s decision to drop the case	1
Hillary Clinton was confident there would be no change to the FBIs decision to drop the case	Clinton confident there would be no change in Federal Bureau decision to drop case.	1
Hillary Clinton was confident there would be no change to the FBIs decision to drop the case	Clinton Assurances That There Will Be No Change in F.B.I. Decision to Drop Case More on this than that.	1
Here is the letter to Congress from James Comey , the FBI director , on the Hillary Clinton email case	Letter to Congress From F.B.I. Director James Comey On Clinton Email Case	1
Here is the letter to Congress from James Comey , the FBI director , on the Hillary Clinton email case	The letter by the FBI director James Comey to Congress about the Hillary Clinton email case	1
Here is the letter to Congress from James Comey , the FBI director , on the Hillary Clinton email case	Letter to Congress From James Comey, FBI Director, on the Hillary Clinton Email Case	1
Here is the letter to Congress from James Comey , the FBI director , on the Hillary Clinton email case	Letter to Congress From James Comey, Director of the FBI, On Hillary Clinton Email Case	1
Here is the letter to Congress from James Comey , the FBI director , on the Hillary Clinton email case	Letter to Congress From F.B.I. Director James Comey on Hillary Clinton's Email Case	1
Here is the letter to Congress from James Comey , the FBI director , on the Hillary Clinton email case	Letter to Congress From James Comey, the FBI Director, on the Hillary Clinton Email Case	1
We need to clean this up Clinton aide cried foul on Obama's email denial	Clean this up Clinton aide cried foul on Obama email denial	1
We need to clean this up Clinton aide cried foul on Obama's email denial	Clean this up Clinton aide cried foul on Obama's email denial	1
The internet hack on Friday offered a glimse at a new era of attacks , powered by everyday devices	The internet hack Friday offered a peek at a new era of attacks powered by everyday devices.	1
Video shows #Clinton coordinated with liberal group to incite crowds	Hillary Clinton and Liberals Video Show Clinton Coordinated inciting Crowds	1
French officials prepare to demolish " Jungle " camp	Building will be completed in 2 days. French officials are ready to demolish Jungle camp	1
A Palestinian woman who once wore a suicide vest now embraces a nonviolent form of jihad .	A Palestinian Woman That Once Wore a Suicide Vest Now Joins a Nonviolent Jihad	1
Iraqi parliament votes to ban sale , import & amp ; production of alcohol	Iraqi parliament votes to ban alcohol sales, imports and production.	1
Iraqi parliament votes to ban sale , import & amp ; production of alcohol	Iraqi parliament votes to ban alcohol trade, import & amp ; sale	1
Iraqi parliament votes to ban sale , import & amp ; production of alcohol	The Iraqi parliament votes to ban the sale, import and production of alcohol	1
Iraqi parliament votes to ban sale , import & amp ; production of alcohol	Iraqi parliament votes to ban alcohol production and sale of products	1
Donald Trump appears to have lost the support of his biggest donor	Donald Trump Heavers to Lose Support of Biggest Donor	1
Donald Trump appears to have lost the support of his biggest donor	Donald Trump Has Lost Support of Biggest Donor	1
Early voting suggests tight race in key states despite Clinton camp boast	Early Voting Suggests Tight Race in Key States Despite Clinton Camp Buffoning	1
At least one dead after multiple blasts in Japanese city of Utsunomiya	Multiple blasts in Japanese city of Utsunomiya kill one person	1
Trump is promising a tantrum after Nov . Lets turn away from it , writes @FrankBruni .	@FrankBruniTrump is promoting a " tantrum " after Nov. Lets turn away from it.	1
Parents slam zombie show for excessive violence	Parents slam show zombies for excessive violence	1
Parents slam zombie show for excessive violence	Parents blame zombie show for so much violence!	1
Hillary Clinton addresses the investigation into newly discovered emails	Hillary Clinton Addresses New Email Inquiry	1
AT & T announces it will buy Time Warner for $86bn	AT&amp;T sets to buy Time Warner for almost $86bn	1
spike shows law is ' blowing up , ' say critics	Rise shows law'blowing up'say critics	1
AT & T has agreed to buy Time Warner for more than $80 billion . The move would create a formidable new media player .	AT & T Agrees to Buy Time Warner for $80 Billion (with a price tag in addition ), and Will Set Up New Media Players	1
Terminally ill mom denied treatment coverage but gets suicide drug approved	#Suicide Drug Approved. Tenderly ill mom denied treatment coverage	1
When the Philippines appeared to jilt the U.S. in favor of China , it also repudiated Hillary Clinton	Philippine Tries to Jilt the U.S. in China, Repudiates Clinton	1
When the Philippines appeared to jilt the U.S. in favor of China , it also repudiated Hillary Clinton	Philippines Is Jailting US in favor of China, It Also Repudiates Clinton	1
Amazon shares fall 6% after reporting earnings below expectations and sales in line with forecasts	Amazon shares fall 6% following EPS drop, sales in line with estimates.	1
Tech blogger finds proof DNC chief's emails weren't ' doctored ' despite claims	Tech blogger proves DNC chiefs emails werent doctored despite claims	1
Trump , in his own Gettysburg address , did not seem to embrace Lincoln's unifying ambition	In His Own Gettysburg Address, Trump Did Not See Lincoln's Unifying Ambition	1
Trump , in his own Gettysburg address , did not seem to embrace Lincoln's unifying ambition	In His Own Gettysburg Address, Donald Trump Did Not Look to Unite Lincolns Unifying Ambition	1
Trump , in his own Gettysburg address , did not seem to embrace Lincoln's unifying ambition	In His Own Gettysburg Address, Trump Did Not See Lincoln's Unifying Ambition. I know.	1
Trump , in his own Gettysburg address , did not seem to embrace Lincoln's unifying ambition	In Address to Gettysburg, Donald Trump Did Not See Lincoln's Unifying Ambition	1
Trump , in his own Gettysburg address , did not seem to embrace Lincoln's unifying ambition	In His Gettysburg Address, Trump Did Not See Lincoln's Unifying Ambition	1
Why wait a month for a sofa that's not even what you wanted ? Start-ups are trying to change that .	Why Wait a Month For a Sofa Thats Not Even What You Wanted? Here&rsquo;s How Start-Ups Are Trying to Change That.	1
MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others in 2-3 weeks	MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today & amp ; others in 2-3 weeks.	1
MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others in 2-3 weeks	MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today & amp ; others within 2-3 weeks	1
Apple's introduces thinner MacBook Pro with multi-touch retina display ' touch bar ' replacing function keys	Apples introduces thinner MacBook Pro with multi-touch retina display & amp ; touch bar for replacing function keys	1
Apple's introduces thinner MacBook Pro with multi-touch retina display ' touch bar ' replacing function keys	Apple's comes with thin MacBook Pro with multi-touch retina display&nbsp;and Touch Bar' and replaces function keys	1
Twitter will cut 9% of its workforce in resturcturing bid	Twitter to cut 9% of workers in recursive bid	1
The Standing Rock heroes have peacefully stood up to police dogs and pepper spray	Standing Rock heroes have stood peacefully against police dogs, pepper spray	1
Six months ago , Democrats seemed to have no shot in Missouri . Now it's a key arena in the fight for the Senate .	Six Months ago, Democrats Sent No Shot in Missouri, Now Its a Key Arena in the Fight For Senate	1
Some 15 million new jobs have been added under Obamas watch . Trump never mentions that .	15 M jobs created under Obama&rsquo;s watch; and Trump never mentions that	1
Some 15 million new jobs have been added under Obamas watch . Trump never mentions that .	15 M jobs added under Obama's watch, and Trump never mentions	1
Some 15 million new jobs have been added under Obamas watch . Trump never mentions that .	15 Million New Jobs Created Under Obama&rsquo;s Watch. Trump Never Mentions That.	1
Verdict in Oregon draws surprise and questions about equity	Surprise and Questions About Equity in Oregon Verdict	1
Earthquake with preliminary magnitude of 6.4 strikes central Italy about 2 hours after 5.5 quake	An Earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 6.4 hits central Italy approximately 2 hours after a 5.5 quake hit Italian.	1
This quiz about bottled water might make you feel guilty . Take it anyway .	A quick quiz on bottled water could make you feel guilty. Take it anyway....	1
How will self-driving cars change cities ? It depends on who owns them	Self-driving cars will change our cities, depends who owns them.	1
Dow ends down 30 points , Nasdaq sinks 0.7% . LA Times owner Tronc dives 28% as takeover hopes fade .	NEWS NYT - Dow drops 30 points, Nasdaq sinks 0.7%. LA Times owner Tronc dives 28% as takeover hopes fade	1
Who or what do we have to blame for yesterday's internet-destroying outages ?	What Were the Roots of Yesterdays Internet-Devastating Outages?	1
Who or what do we have to blame for yesterday's internet-destroying outages ?	Who or what are we to blame for yesterday&rsquo;s internet-destroying internet outages?	1
It is confounding that James Comey did not provide more details on Hillary Clinton's emails .	Is it a bit weird that James Comey did not provide more details about the Clinton emails?	1
It is confounding that James Comey did not provide more details on Hillary Clinton's emails .	It is confusing that James Comey did not provide more details about the Clinton emails	1
Scotland has the gayest parliament in the world , " says one expert .	Scottish Parliament Has Gayest Parliament in the World, Expert Says	1
CNN updates its electoral college map to move 2 states in Trump's direction , from " lean Democratic " to battleground	CNN updates its electoral college map to move 2 states in @realDonaldTrump's direction, from " lean Democratic " to battleground	1
The Alt-Right conspiracy image generator , by Rob @Beschizza .	alt-right conspiracy '' -Image generator. Rob Beschizza on this.	1
The Alt-Right conspiracy image generator , by Rob @Beschizza .	Rob Beschizza's Alt Right conspiracy image generator.	1
No matter what they throw at us in these last days , we're not going to back down .	No Matter What They Throw At Us in These Last Days, We&rsquo;re Not Going Down.	1
No matter what they throw at us in these last days , we're not going to back down .	No Matter What They Throw At Us in These Last Days, Were Not Going Down.	1
No matter what they throw at us in these last days , we're not going to back down .	No Matter What They Throw At Us In These Last Days, We&rsquo;re Not Going Down.	1
Organizations have raised nearly $200 million to support Hillary Clinton , defying expectations about spending	Organizations have raised nearly $200 million to support #HillaryClinton, defying expectations about spending	1
The first black Chicago Cub in #WorldSeries history will bat first in Game 1	The first black Chicago Cub in World Series history, which would strike first in Game 1	1
A new climate-friendlier coolant has a catch	New Climate-Friendlier Coolant Has a Catch, Has a Catch	1
The Clinton campaign wages a new war against FBI Director James Comey	Hillary Clintons New War With FBI Director James Comey	1
New national poll , taken before FBI review , finds Clinton , Trump neck and neck	New National Poll Taken Before F.B.I. Reviews Finds Clinton, Trump Neck and Neck	1
Hillary calls Trump's plan for the economy " trickle-down economics on steroids	How Hillary Calls Trump's Plan for the Economy Trickle-down economics on steroids	1
Zadie Smith , one of this generation's most vital literary voices , on becoming whole	Read about Zadie Smith, one of this generation's most vital literary voices, on becoming whole	1
A new form of advertising is trending on your phone and you may not even know it's happening	A new form of advertising is trending on your phone and you may not even know&squot;s happening	1
Joe Biden on Anthony Weiner I'm not a big fan .	Biden on Anthony Weiner " I'm not a big fan.	1
Joe Biden on Anthony Weiner I'm not a big fan .	Joe Biden on Weiner: 'I'm not a big fan.'" property	1
Hillarys Humayun Khan ad is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	Hillary&rsquo;s #HumayunKhan ad is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	1
Hillarys Humayun Khan ad is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	Hillarys #HumayunKhan ad is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective.	1
Hillarys Humayun Khan ad is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	Hillary&rsquo;s Humayun Khan ad is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	1
Hillarys Humayun Khan ad is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	Hillary Clintons " Humayun Khan ad, brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	1
Hillarys Humayun Khan ad is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	Hillarys ad on #HumayunKhan is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	1
Hillarys Humayun Khan ad is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	Hillary&rsquo;s #HumayunKhan Ad Is Brutal to Watch and Devastatingly Effective	1
Hillary Clinton in Raleigh , NC I want to give Donald Trump " a chance to pay more taxes	Clinton in Raleigh, NC " I want to give Donald Trump a chance to pay more taxes	1
Is this the email that hacked John Podesta's account ?	Is this the email that hacked @JohnPodesta's account? Is this the email that hacked	1
Well-tended graves of congressmen . The other , next to it The broken gravestones of black citizens .	The broken gravestones of black citizens. The Good Craze of Congress, Next To It The Broken Gravestones of the Black Citizens	1
Trump campaign manager @KellyannePolls says FBI Director James Comey is in a " terrible spot	Trump campaign manager'kerryannepolls tells @FBI Director James Comey is in'terrible spot " @CNNPolitics	1
Trump campaign manager @KellyannePolls says FBI Director James Comey is in a " terrible spot	#Trump campaign manager @KellyannePolls says FBI Director James Comey is in a'terrible spot'@CNNPolitics	1
Trump campaign manager @KellyannePolls says FBI Director James Comey is in a " terrible spot	Trump's campaign manager, KellyannePolls, says Comey is in a 'terrible spot '. Sounds like a	1
Sweden bans cameras on drones means effectively most drones banned	Sweden bans cameras on drones. That means effective ban on most drones.	1
I feel a close kinship with trees US man dressed as tree arrested for obstructing traffic	I feel a close kinship with trees. A US man who looked like a tree was arrested for obstructing traffic." property	1
Which country is the most generous in the world ?	What makes a Country the most generous in the world?	1
Which country is the most generous in the world ?	The world's most generous nation	1
These are Teslas stunning new solar roof tiles for homes	These are Tesla's stunning new solar roof tiles for.	1
These are Teslas stunning new solar roof tiles for homes	These are Teslaâ€™s stunning new solar roof tiles for.	1
At 3 apartment buildings in NYC , a movement is underway to drop the Trump name	At 3 NYC Apartments, a Movement Is Currently, to Drop the Trump Name @CNNPolitics	1
At 3 apartment buildings in NYC , a movement is underway to drop the Trump name	At 3 NYC Apartment Buildings, a Movement Is Currently Enough to Drop the Trump Name. @Slate	1
AT & T is said to be in advanced talks to acquire Time Warner	AT & T in talks to acquire Time Warner AT & T, AT&amp;T, AT & T in Advanced talks to buy Time Warner	1
AT & T is said to be in advanced talks to acquire Time Warner	AT & T in advanced talks to acquire Time Warner	1
AT & T is said to be in advanced talks to acquire Time Warner	AT & T in advanced talks to buy Time Warner	1
Switch it off and on again ! Computer chief admits embarrassingly simply solution to Australia's	Let's switch it off again! IT chief admits embarrassingly simple solution to Australia's telecom crisis	1
Switch it off and on again ! Computer chief admits embarrassingly simply solution to Australia's	Time to switch it off and on again! Computer Chief Accuses Embarrassingly Simple Solution to Australia	1
These are @TeslaMotors ' stunning new solar roof tiles for homes	These are Teslaâ€™s stunning new solar roof tiles for h&nbsp;homes	1
These are @TeslaMotors ' stunning new solar roof tiles for homes	These are Teslaâ€™s stunning new solar roof tiles for&nbsp;homes	1
A wheelchair-bound activist was assaulted for not standing up during India's national anthem .	A wheelchair activist attacked in India for not standing up for the national anthem	1
The history of innovation in recruitment technology and services	The history of innovation in recruitment technology and&nbsp;services	1
The history of innovation in recruitment technology and services	The history of innovation in recruiter technology and&nbsp;services	1
The history of innovation in recruitment technology and services	The history of innovation in recruiting technologies and&nbsp;services	1
Will Central Asia fight over water ?	Is Central Asia to fight water?	1
Singer says 76ers nixed her National Anthem performance over ' We Matter ' jersey	The 76ers nixed Singer's National Anthem performance over'We Matter'jersey	1
As China's deserts expand , people who live on their edges are becoming climate refugees	As Chinas Deserts Expand, People on Their Edges Are Climate Refugees.	1
As China's deserts expand , people who live on their edges are becoming climate refugees	As Chinas Deserts Expand, the People Who Live on Their Rifts Are Climate Refugees.	1
As China's deserts expand , people who live on their edges are becoming climate refugees	As Chinas Deserts Expand, People on Their Edges Are becoming Climate Refugees	1
Fox News Poll Clinton leads Trump by three points	Hillary Clinton leads Trump by 3 points w Fox News	1
The reasons why Twitter won't let anyone save Vine	Why Twitter wont let anyone save vine	1
The reasons why Twitter won't let anyone save Vine	Why Twitter wont let anyone save Vine.	1
Was it worth it , guys ?	What did you think? It's worth it, guys.	1
They were there when Hillary Clinton ran for student council president , and they'll be there on Election Day	We were there when Clinton ran for Student Council president. They'll be there on Election Day.	1
I am in a test for Twitters new @ reply design and it is a mess	Twitter's new @ reply design is a mess I am in a test for Twitters new @ response	1
I am in a test for Twitters new @ reply design and it is a mess	Im in Test for Twitters New Tweeter Response Design and Its a Mess	1
What does she use to clean a dusty Picasso at MoMA ?	What to use if your Picasso at MoMA is dirty?	1
Watch Donald Trump absolutely gush over Hillary Clinton in 2008 interview	Watch @realDonaldTrump absolutely gush over #HillaryClinton in 2008 interview	1
Here's some of the spy services AT & T offers law enforcement	Heres some of the AT & T spy services the company provides law enforcement with	1
Leading Democrats are urging Hillary Clinton to spend more money to mobilize black voters	The top Democratic leaders are urging @HillaryClinton to spend more money to mobilize black voters	1
Leading Democrats are urging Hillary Clinton to spend more money to mobilize black voters	Leading Democrats are urging #HillaryClinton to spend more money to mobilize black voters	1
Sorry Apple , but everyone thinks Microsoft won	Sorry @Apple, but everyone thinks #MSFT won.	1
Nintendo gives a first look at its new console	Nintendo Switch Gets a New Look at It	1
Undercover with a militia patrolling the US-Mexico border	Undercover #Militia Patrol on U.S.-Mexico Border	1
Undercover with a militia patrolling the US-Mexico border	I went undercover with a militia along the US-Mexico border.	1
Thank you , Donald Trump . Your boasts have shown what women endure every day .	Thank You, Donald Trump Your Blessings Have Shown What Women Undercover Every Day	1
Thank you , Donald Trump . Your boasts have shown what women endure every day .	Thank You, Donald Trump. Your Bluffs Show What Women Endurance Every Day.	1
Thank you , Donald Trump . Your boasts have shown what women endure every day .	Thanks, Donald Trump. Your blusters have shown what women endure every day.	1
Thank you , Donald Trump . Your boasts have shown what women endure every day .	Thank You, Donald Trump. Your Breitbarts Have Shown What Women Endure Every Day.	1
Thank you , Donald Trump . Your boasts have shown what women endure every day .	Donald Trump: "Thank You, Donald Trump. Your Bravos Have Shown What Women Weaknesses Every Day	1
Or , to whom are you delivering the floor plans of your home ?	Or, Who Sends the Floor Plans of Your Home?	1
Or , to whom are you delivering the floor plans of your home ?	Or who are you delivering the floor plans of your home?	1
Or , to whom are you delivering the floor plans of your home ?	To whom are you delivering the floor plans of your home? -	1
Wada publishes report highlighting ' serious failings ' at Olympic Games	When it comes to the Olympics, Wada have issued a report highlighting'serious failings'@SebastianBayer	1
What's awaiting the next U.S. president ? A splintered Middle East in " free fall	How awaits next U.S. President? A Splintered Middle East in Free Fall	1
What's awaiting the next U.S. president ? A splintered Middle East in " free fall	What's waiting the next US president? A Splintered Middle East in Free Fall	1
What's awaiting the next U.S. president ? A splintered Middle East in " free fall	Whats Awaiting the Next U.S. President? A Splintered Middle East in Free Fall	1
The CMV virus can wreak havoc on a developing fetus . So why don't most women know about it ?	CMV Can Hurt a Developing Fetus, Why Dont Most Women Know About It?	1
That time Donald Trump spoke Hindi .	Then Donald Trump spoke Hindi	1
Dozens of unaccompanied children were left in the " Jungle " camp in Calais overnight	Jungle children in Calais Jungle'camp, unaccompanied'Hundreds of unaccompanied children left in night.	1
I dont like to analyze myself because I might not like what I see .	Im not like to analyze myself because I might not like what I see.	1
I dont like to analyze myself because I might not like what I see .	I don&rsquo;t like to analyze myself because I might not like what I see.	1
The Alt Right conspiracy image generator , by Rob @Beschizza .	Alter Right conspiracy image generator, by RobBeschizza.	1
The Alt Right conspiracy image generator , by Rob @Beschizza .	Powered by Rob Beschizza, the Alt Right conspiracy image generator.	1
The Alt Right conspiracy image generator , by Rob @Beschizza .	The Alt Right conspiracy image generator of Rob Beschizza.	1
The Alt Right conspiracy image generator , by Rob @Beschizza .	The Alt Right conspiracy image generator, by RobBeschizza.	1
We're going to have a wall , but it's going to have a big beautiful door	Were going to have a Wall, but it's going to have a Big Beautiful Door	1
We're going to have a wall , but it's going to have a big beautiful door	We're going to have a wall, but it's going to have a big beautiful door. " property	1
Tesla unveils its solar-roof and Powerwall 2	Tesla has unveiled its 2x solar roof and 2x Powerwall	1
Trump is bereft of patriotism , and seems to hate the country he wants to lead .	Trump Defeats Patriotism and Sees Him Hating the Country He Wants to Lead	1
On the water and into the wild a trip to the Boundary Waters , in northern Minnesota	In the water, on the water and into the wild, from the Boundary Waters in northern Minnesota.	1
Why big liars often start out as small ones	What causes big liars to start out as small ones.	1
Lithium battery failure wipes out DARPA robot at NASA	A lithium battery failure was the cause of the demise of NASA's DARPA robot	1
Lithium battery failure wipes out DARPA robot at NASA	A lithium battery failure wipes out NASA's DARPA robot	1
Donald Trumps Twitter insults The complete list , printed in todays paper	Trump&rsquo;s Twitter Insults The Complete List, Print in Today&rsquo;s Paper	1
Donald Trumps Twitter insults The complete list , printed in todays paper	Donald Trump&rsquo;s Twitter Insults The Complete List, Printed in Today&rsquo;s Paper	1
Clinton isn't where she is through a random stroke of good luck . Shes a formidable figure .	Hillary Clinton isnt where she is through a random stroke of luck. Shes a formidable.	1
Clinton isn't where she is through a random stroke of good luck . Shes a formidable figure .	Hillary Clinton is a formidable figure even though she isnt where she is through a random luck	1
Comey memo to FBI staffers says election , timing required disclosure of renewed probe	Ms. Comey, in memo to FBI, says election, timing required disclosure of renewed probe	1
Making sense of AT&T's bid for Time Warner	Making Sense of AT&amp;T&rsquo;s Bid for Time Warner	1
Making sense of AT&T's bid for Time Warner	Making sense of AT&amp;T bid for Time Warner	1
Time is running out to register to vote . Here are the remaining deadlines .	The remaining deadlines to register to vote	1
Army says two-star general committed suicide on Alabama base	Army says two-star general committed suicide on Alabama base" property	1
Donald Trump , somewhat subdued , admits he might lose election	Donald Trump, Minded, Just Admits He Might Lose the Election	1
Sandra Lee Bartky , at the vanguard of feminist philosophy , dies at 81	Sandra Lee Bartky, the avant-garde of feminist philosophy, has died aged 81	1
Reaction to AT & Ts purchase of Time Warner was swift	Time Warner Acquisition Quick Reply to AT & Ts Quick Reply	1
Donald Trump vows to sue the women who have accused him of sexual misconduct .	a Trump campaign pledge threatens to sue the women who've accused him of sexual misconduct	1
Donald Trump vows to sue the women who have accused him of sexual misconduct .	Donald Trump Said to Sue Women WhoAccuse Him of Sexual Misconduct	1
reflects on balancing motherhood and the 2016 campaign There's this crazy tension between those two	Balancing motherhood and the 2016 campaign: "There's this crazy tension between those two	1
reflects on balancing motherhood and the 2016 campaign There's this crazy tension between those two	Balancing motherhood and the 2016 campaign There's a crazy tension between those two	1
Elizabeth Warren fires back at Donald Trump Nasty women vote .	Warren fires back at @realDonaldTrump Nasty women vote	1
Trump Jr. defended 2005 hot mic comments as guy conversations that are " a fact of life .	Donald Trump Jr. said conversations like his father's 2005 hot mic comments are 'a fact of life'" property	1
Cubs open up a 1-0 lead over the Indians in World Series Game 2 . Live updates here	World Series Live: Cubs Turn in 1-0 Lead Over Indians	1
Former chess champ Garry Kasparov Russia is " absolutely " trying to elect Donald Trump	Ex-chess champ Kasparov explains Russia is'absolutely trying to elect Donald Trump	1
Trump supporter voted twice in Iowa because " polls are rigged .	Trump supporter voted twice in Iowa because " polls are rigged.'property	1
Josh Brown's one-game suspension for alleged domestic violence incident draws renewed rage	A one-game suspension for Josh Brown for alleged domestic violence escalates with renewed rage @CNNPolitics	1
Wonder Woman was named a UN ambassador in a move that has proven controversial	Wonder Woman named UN ambassador to the UN, after controversial move.	1
Wonder Woman was named a UN ambassador in a move that has proven controversial	Wonder Woman to Be Appointed UN Ambassador This is a controversial move.	1
The death penalty is nearing its end	The death penalty may finally be over.	1
The death penalty is nearing its end	Death Penalty Nearing End	1
Why the U.S. still trails many wealthy nations in access to care	Why the US still trails many wealthy nations in access to&nbsp;care	1
Thanks , Vladimir Putin . Now , ready to share your emails ?	Thank You, Vladimir Putin. Now Ready to Share Your Emails? We ask you!	1
Your experience is probably worth a lot less than you think	Whats The Value of an Experience Worth A Lot Less Than You Think.	1
Your experience is probably worth a lot less than you think	Your Experiential Experience Is probably Worth a Lot Less Than You Think	1
How massive DDoS attacks are undermining the Internet	What Are Massive DDoS Attacks Undermining the Internet?	1
takes a trip to the LeEco event	Taking a Trip to LeEco Event	1
Watch this autonomous Tesla drive from home to work on its own	Watch this #self-driving #Tesla drive from home to work on its own	1
This new children's show character aims to get girls into tech	For Girls, This New Children's Show Character aims to Get GirlsInto Tech	1
France urges UK to take more children after the " Jungle " Calais camp shuts	France urges UK to take more children. #NYT: Taking more children after #JungleChat Calais Camp Shuts	1
France urges UK to take more children after the " Jungle " Calais camp shuts	France urges UK to take more children " as " Jungle " Calais camp closes.	1
The 8 health habits experts say you need in your 20s	8 Health Habits Experts Say We Need in Our 20s.	1
Parliamentary elections are being held in Iceland , with an anti-establishment party set to make gains	Iceland is holding parliament elections, with anti-establishment party making gains	1
Parliamentary elections are being held in Iceland , with an anti-establishment party set to make gains	Iceland is voting in Parliament with an anti-establishment party to make gains @CNNPolitics	1
Donald Trump lays out a proposal with " 6 measures " for his first 100 days in office	Trump lays out'6 measures'for his first 100 days in office	1
Donald Trump lays out a proposal with " 6 measures " for his first 100 days in office	Trumplays out plan with'6 measures " for his first 100 days in office	1
Donald Trump lays out a proposal with " 6 measures " for his first 100 days in office	Trump has laid out what he will do, in his first 100 days in office, with 6 measures.	1
says receiving @NobelPrize in literature left him " speechless	" : Receiving #NobelPrize in Literature left me'speechless	1
says receiving @NobelPrize in literature left him " speechless	The Nobel Prize for Literature makes me'speechless ', he says	1
Atlanta " is one of the best cast and most brightly acted shows on TV , says @wesley_morris .	Atlanta'is one of the best cast and most brightly acted shows on TV, says @wesleymorris.	1
Atlanta " is one of the best cast and most brightly acted shows on TV , says @wesley_morris .	Atlanta'is one of the best cast and most brightly acted shows on TV, says Wesley'MerriSort	1
Atlanta " is one of the best cast and most brightly acted shows on TV , says @wesley_morris .	Atlanta 'is one of the best cast and most brightly acted shows on TV '' says @wesleymorris	1
confident " over new FBI email probe	Sure, they are. Confident'over new FBI email probe	1
confident " over new FBI email probe	Safe & amp ; confident'over new FBI Email Probe	1
confident " over new FBI email probe	S confident'over new FBI email probe	1
This week on the @EngadgetPodcast the panel debate Amazons ISP venture and Julian Assange	During Engadget this week on the podcast will be a debate of @Amazon&rsquo;s ISP Venture&rsquo; and Julian Assange.	1
Hillary Clinton says Donald Trump " already making up lies " about FBI letter We can't let him get away with this .	Clinton says Trump'already making up lies'about FBI letter. We can't let him get away with that	1
Donald Trump says Clinton " offered Loretta Lynch re-appointment as Attorney General .	Trump says Clinton offered Lynch re-election as Attorney General.	1
aides scramble to address alleged mistress nicknamed ' Energizer Bunny	' Energizer Bunny' aides scramble to address alleged mistress	1
Only one thing about Latino political power in Texas is certain	A single thing about Latino political power in Texas is certain:	1
Huma Abedin had an Anthony Weiner problem . Now Hillary Clinton has one , too .	Huma Abedin Had an Anthony Weiner Problem, Now Clinton Has One.	1
Huma Abedin had an Anthony Weiner problem . Now Hillary Clinton has one , too .	Huma Abedin Has an Anthony Weiner Problem, Now Clinton Has One.	1
Singer kneels , wears ' Black Lives Matter ' shirt while performing National Anthem prior to NBA preseason game	The singer kneels before the NBA preseason game by singing the National Anthem, wearing the'Black Lives Matter'shirt.	1
Facebook employees fume after push to censor Trump's posts rebuffed by Zuckerberg	Facebook employees booe after push to censor Trump's posts rebuffed by Zuckerberg	1
Facebook employees fume after push to censor Trump's posts rebuffed by Zuckerberg	#Facebook employees fume after push to censor @realDonaldTrump posts rebuffed by #Zacks	1
Ex-California state senator gets prison for taking bribes	Ex-California State Senator Gets Prison for Bribery Check it out @CNNPolitics	1
Pete Burns , lead singer of the 1980s British pop band Dead or Alive , has died at age 57	Pete Burns, Dead or Alive Lead Singer, Dies at 57	1
Sen. Elizabeth Warren slams Donald Trump Nasty women ' vote	Elizabeth Warren Slams Donald Trump Nasty Women Vote Sen. Elizabeth Warren, NOT POTUS N.	1
Arizona sheriff Joe Arpaio , one of America's most divisive law enforcement figures , lost his bid for a seventh term	Sheriff Joe Arpaio, One of America&rsquo;s Most Divisive Law Enforcement Figures, Lost Bid for 7th Term	1
This is why your Facebook friends are checking in at Standing Rock	Why your Facebook friends are checking in at Standing Rock&nbsp;This is why	1
Trump says Trump Tower is 68 floors tall . Here's how he exaggerated the size of many of his NYC buildings .	Trump says @realDonaldTrump Tower is 68 floors tall. Heres How He Exceeded the Size of Many of His NYC Buildings.	1
If Donald Trump wins the election , it probably wont be because of a huge influx of " missing white voters	if Trump wins, it probably won&rsquo;t be because of a huge influx of "missing white voters&rsquo;'	1
If Donald Trump wins the election , it probably wont be because of a huge influx of " missing white voters	If Trump wins, it probably wont be because of a huge influx of'missing white voters " who don't exist	1
If Donald Trump wins the election , it probably wont be because of a huge influx of " missing white voters	If Trump Wins, ItProbably Won&rsquo;t Be Because of a Huge &ldquo;Missing&rdquo;White Voters&rdquo;	1
Texas agriculture commissioner describes election as " Trump " vs .	Texas Agribusiness commissioner describes election as  Trump '' vs.	1
Texas agriculture commissioner describes election as " Trump " vs .	Texas Ag Commissioner Describes Election As " Trump vs.	1
For 45 seconds , a drenched Hillary Clinton abandoned her script and let down her guard in Florida	For 45 Seconds, a Drenched Hillary Clinton Lost HerScript and Let Down Her Guard in Florida	1
Xi Jinping may be " core leader " of China , but hes still really nervous	Xi Jinping, Core Leader of China, Is Still Nervous	1
Xi Jinping may be " core leader " of China , but hes still really nervous	Xi Jinping Could Be a Core Leader in China, but Still Nervous	1
Vote for 2016's best political reporting . Our fact checks , podcast + @tamarakeithNPR made the list .	Vote for 2016's Best Political Report. Our Fact Checks, Podcast, and Tamarakeith NPR Made the List.	1
Vote for 2016's best political reporting . Our fact checks , podcast + @tamarakeithNPR made the list .	Vote for 2016's best political reporting. Our fact checks, podcast & amp ; TamarakeithNPR made the list.	1
Vote for 2016's best political reporting . Our fact checks , podcast + @tamarakeithNPR made the list .	Vote for 2016 Best Political Reporting. Our Fact Checks, Podcast & amp ; TamarakeithNPR Made the List.	1
Vote for 2016's best political reporting . Our fact checks , podcast + @tamarakeithNPR made the list .	Vote for 2016 Best Political Reporting. Our Fact Checks, Podcast, & amp ; TamarakeithNPR Made the List.	1
Vote for 2016's best political reporting . Our fact checks , podcast + @tamarakeithNPR made the list .	Vote for 2016's Best Political Reporting: Fact Checks, Podcast & amp ; TamarakeithNPR Made the List	1
Vote for 2016's best political reporting . Our fact checks , podcast + @tamarakeithNPR made the list .	Our 2016 Top Political Reports Fact Checks Podcast & TamarakeithNPR Made the List	1
It's the final full day of campaigning for the 2016 election , the nastiest in many decades	Last day of campaigning for the 2016 election, the nastiest in many decades	1
The sacred land at the center of the Dakota pipeline dispute	The sacred land at the center of Dakota pipeline fight.	1
Huma Abedin's electronic data problem ? Not uncommon in divorce cases .	Huma Abedins Electronic Data Problem Not Ordinary in Divorce Cases Huma Abedins	1
Huma Abedin's electronic data problem ? Not uncommon in divorce cases .	Huma Abedins Electronic Data Problem? Not Unique in Divorce Cases.	1
Huma Abedin's electronic data problem ? Not uncommon in divorce cases .	Huma Abedin's Electronic Data Problem Not Rare in Divorce Cases	1
Huma Abedin's electronic data problem ? Not uncommon in divorce cases .	Huma Abedins electronic data problem Not Common in Divorce Cases	1
Trump's path to the White House lined with false , misleading statements	Trump&rsquo;s Path to White House Lined With False, Misleading Statements	1
A woman was killed after being pushed in front of an oncoming subway train at Times Square , police said	Woman Thrown in Front of Train at Times Square Subway Station Is Killed, Police Say	1
Russia's reportedly been cultivating a relationship with Trump for five years	Russia reportedly been cultivating relationship with Trump for five years. IM FACTORY AMENITIES	1
Melania Trump made a rare appearance on the campaign trail in the battleground state of Pennsylvania	Melania Trump Makes a Rare Reprieve on the Campaign Trail in Battleground State of PA	1
Melania Trump made a rare appearance on the campaign trail in the battleground state of Pennsylvania	Melania Trump makes a rare appearance on the campaign trail in battleground PA	1
Melania Trump made a rare appearance on the campaign trail in the battleground state of Pennsylvania	Melania Trump makes a rare campaigning appearance in battleground Pennsylvania	1
An appeals court rules in favor of the Trump campaign on allegations of voter intimidation	Trump appeals court rules in favor of campaign on allegations of voter intimidation	1
All-out legal war with Thiel would have cost too much , and hurt too many people said the founder of Gawker	An all-out legal war with Thiel would have cost too much and hurt many people said Gawker founder.	1
Emails Warrant No New Action Against Hillary Clinton , F.B.I. Director Says	#HillaryClinton Email Warrants No New Action, F.B.I. Director Says	1
CDC reports the first US cases of drug-resistant fungal infection .	First US cases of drug-resistant fungal infection CDC reports	1
Listen to NPR's live coverage of #ElectionNight on Facebook or at	Listen to NPRâ€™s live coverage of the #ElectionNight on Facebook & amp ; online	1
Britain's plans to leave the European Union were just thrown into confusion by a U.K. court	One Brexitees Plans Just Thrown Into Vertigo by a U.K. Court	1
Britain's plans to leave the European Union were just thrown into confusion by a U.K. court	Britains Plans to Leave the EU Treadmilled by Court In Trouble	1
Britain's plans to leave the European Union were just thrown into confusion by a U.K. court	How Britains Plans to Leave the European Union Went Into Misleading by a U.K. Court	1
You did this , America Sarah Palin being considered for Cabinet	Sarah Palin considers cabinet She did this, America	1
on black church that was burned , vandalized It's dangerous and disgusting	Black church burned, vandalized. It's dangerous and disgusting.	1
The investigation into emissions fraud at Volkswagen has reached the very top of the company	Volkswagen Emissions Audit: Very Top of Corporate Governance	1
The investigation into emissions fraud at Volkswagen has reached the very top of the company	Volkswagen Emissions Fraud Investigation Reached the Very Top of the Company	1
The investigation into emissions fraud at Volkswagen has reached the very top of the company	Volkswagen Emissions Fraud Investigation Reaches Top of Company	1
The investigation into emissions fraud at Volkswagen has reached the very top of the company	Volkswagen Emissions Fraud Investigation Reaches the Very Top of the Company	1
Donald Trump is not sleeping much these days	Trump. He&rsquo;s Not Sleeping Much These Days	1
Giphy , the platform for all things GIF , raises $72 million in new funding	Giphy, the platform for all things GIF, raises $72M in new&nbsp;funding	1
Giphy , the platform for all things GIF , raises $72 million in new funding	Giphy, the #GIF platform, raises $72M+&nbsp;funding	1
Giphy , the platform for all things GIF , raises $72 million in new funding	Giphy, the platform for all things GIF, raises $72M&nbsp;funding	1
Giphy , the platform for all things GIF , raises $72 million in new funding	Giphy, the platform for all things GIF, raises $72m in new&nbsp;funding	1
Giphy , the platform for all things GIF , raises $72 million in new funding	GIF+platform Giphy raises $72M #funding btw	1
How Nietzsche got so wildly distorted by True Detective , Kanye , and more	What Makes Nietzsche so wildly distorted by True Detective, Kanye and more	1
How Nietzsche got so wildly distorted by True Detective , Kanye , and more	What Makes Nietzsche so wildly distorted by True Detective, Kanye, and More.	1
The G.O.P. impeachment threat escalates their running disrespect for the democratic process	G.O.P. impeachment threatens to escalate into running disrespect for the democratic process @CNNPolitics	1
Melania Trump is giving her first speech since the GOP convention . Watch live on @CNNGo	Melania Trump to give first speech since GOP convention @CNNGo	1
In 1974 , Hillary Rodham went on a road trip , chasing love and a new life . It's a side of her rarely seen nowadays .	Hillary Rodham Goes on a Road Trip In 1974, Pursueing Love and a New Life It's a Side of Her Rarely Seeded Today	1
A Times/Siena poll has Donald Trump tied with Hillary Clinton in the key battleground state of North Carolina	Trump tied with Clinton in battleground state of North Carolina Times/Siena @CNNPolitics	1
A Times/Siena poll has Donald Trump tied with Hillary Clinton in the key battleground state of North Carolina	Trump tied with Clinton in battleground NC poll Times/Siena	1
What Noam Chomsky , 87 , has to say about his critics , his legacy and his stamina	87 What Chomsky has to say about his critics, his legacy, and his stamina	1
America's contest for a new leader , long , rancorous and unpredictable , enters its last hours .	Americas Presidency Begins in the Final Hours New Leader, Long, Rancorous and Impredictable	1
Cubs win World Series , beating Indians 8-7 , winning 3 straight games to end 108-year title drought .	Cubs Win World Series, Blitz Indians 8-7, Win 3 Straight Games to End 108-Year Title Ditch	1
The Libertarian nominee for vice president defended Hillary Clinton against attacks from Donald Trump	Libertarian nominee for vice president defends Clinton from attacks from Donald Trump	1
The Libertarian nominee for vice president defended Hillary Clinton against attacks from Donald Trump	Libertarian Nominee for Vice President defends Clinton against attacks from Donald Trump	1
One person killed , two wounded in shooting near LA-area polling station	1 dead, 2 shot near LA polling station	1
One person killed , two wounded in shooting near LA-area polling station	1 dead, 2 shot near LA-area polling station.	1
FBI in internal feud over Hillary Clinton probe	F.B.I. in internal feud over Hillary Clinton probe	1
A Slow Ride Toward the Future of Public Transportation	Introducing A Slow Ride Toward the Future of Public Transportation	1
Voting early , and in droves over 22 million ballots are already in	Over 22 Million Ballots Are Already In, Voting Early, and In Drives Over 22 Million	1
For President Obama , Donald Trump's victory is nothing less than a nightmare	Obama on Trump: His victory is nothing less than a nightmare" property	1
US Supreme Court stays execution of Alabama inmate Tommy Arthur	The U.S. Supreme Court stayed the execution of Alabama inmate Tommy Arthur.	1
Those insanely long early voting lines ? A direct result of GOP voter suppression	Those insanely long early voting lines is a direct result of Republican voter suppression	1
They vote , and they are heavily armed	They are heavily armed, and they vote.	1
They vote , and they are heavily armed	They are heavily armed and they vote.	1
Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump Would my son have a place in your America ?	Khizr Khan asks Trump if he would give his son a place in America.	1
Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump Would my son have a place in your America ?	Khizr Khan Asks Donald Trump Would My Son Have a Place in America? HOLY COME ON!	1
Clinton to focus on pushing turnout headed into Election Day	Hillary Clinton will focus on pushing turnout going into Election Day.	1
The world has changed around men , but many have stayed stuck in the past .	World Changes Around Men, but Many Stay In the Past	1
African-American users had to wait as much as 35% longer for Uber rides in Seattle , researchers found	#AfricanAmericanUsers Have to Wait as Much as 35% Longer For #Uber Rides in Seattle, Research Finds	1
Hillary Clinton , moving past FBI review , turns focus to attacks on Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton Moving Past F.B.I. Review, Turns Focus to Attacks on Donald Trump	1
Hillary Clinton , moving past FBI review , turns focus to attacks on Donald Trump	Clinton Moves Past F.B.I. Review, Turns Focus to Attacks on Trump	1
Hillary Clinton , moving past FBI review , turns focus to attacks on Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton, Moving Past F.B.I. Review, Turns Focus to Attacks on Donald Trump	1
Hillary Clinton , moving past FBI review , turns focus to attacks on Donald Trump	Clinton Moves Past F.B.I. Review, Turns Focus to Attacks on Donald Trump.	1
Hillary Clinton , moving past FBI review , turns focus to attacks on Donald Trump	Moving Past F.B.I. Review, Hillary Clinton Turns Focus To Attacks on Donald Trump	1
Hillary Clinton , moving past FBI review , turns focus to attacks on Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton Moving Past F.B.I. Review, Turns Focus to Attacks On Donald Trump	1
Hillary Clinton , moving past FBI review , turns focus to attacks on Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton, Moving Past F.B.I. Review, Turns Focus on Attacks On Donald Trump	1
Hillary Clinton , moving past FBI review , turns focus to attacks on Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton Moving Past F.B.I. Review, Turns Focus to Attacks on Trump )	1
Anthony's gravestone , covered in " I Voted " stickers	The " I Voted " stickers are on Anthony's gravesite.	1
Anthony's gravestone , covered in " I Voted " stickers	Don't forget about Anthony's gravestone, covered with " I Voted " stickers.	1
Amy Schumer and Seth Rogen's Bud Light ads axed as beer sales decline	Amy Schumer & amp ; Seth Rogen's Bud Light ads axed as beer sales decline	1
A reception hall in Yemen was bombed in October , killing more than 100 people . A look at the aftermath , in 360 .	In October, a reception hall in Yemen was bombed, killing more than 100 people. A 360 View Behind The Scenes	1
People , this is Barack Obama . If I can figure out how to Snapchat , you can figure out how to go vote .	This is Barack Obama. If I can figure out how to Snapchat, you can figure out how to go vote.' property	1
People , this is Barack Obama . If I can figure out how to Snapchat , you can figure out how to go vote .	Barack Obama: If I can figure out how to Snapchat, you can figure out how to go vote " property	1
Microsoft Teams , its new Slack rival , is launching today as part of Office 365	Microsoft Teams, its new Slack rival, is launching today as part of #Office365	1
World Series Game 7 was an insanely melodramatic , extra-inning affair that pushed both teams into exhaustion	World Series Game 7 Was a Melodramatic Extrainning Effort That Dumped Both Teams Into Exhaustion	1
World Series Game 7 was an insanely melodramatic , extra-inning affair that pushed both teams into exhaustion	World Series Game 7 Was an Insane, Melodramatic Extra-inning Event That Pushed Both Teams Into Exhaust	1
World Series Game 7 was an insanely melodramatic , extra-inning affair that pushed both teams into exhaustion	World Series Game 7 Was a Melodramatic, Extra-inning Trilogy that Steadened Both Teams Into Exhaustion	1
World Series Game 7 was an insanely melodramatic , extra-inning affair that pushed both teams into exhaustion	World Series Game 7 Was a Melodramatic, Extrainning Event That Dragged Both Teams Into Extreme Loss	1
The next 6 years , 9 months and 30 days until Sept . 4 , 2023 , look a lot more difficult for James Comey	Comey's next 6 years, 9 months and 30 days until 4 Sept 2023 look a lot more difficult	1
Donald Trumps income isnt always what he says it is , records suggest	Records indicate Trump&rsquo;s income isn&rsquo;t always what he says it is	1
Where do you vote ? What happens when you get there ? Heres what you should know on Election Day .	What to Expect When You Get There. Heres What to Know About Election Day.	1
If you think Microsoft's new chat app sounds like Slack , you would be correct	If you think.. Microsoft's chat app sounds like Slack. You&rsquo;re Correct.'s new #Slack	1
If you think Microsoft's new chat app sounds like Slack , you would be correct	Microsoft's new chat app sounds like Slack. You&rsquo;re Correct.	1
Voters in five states will decide on whether marijuana should be legal to use recreationally	Five states consider legalizing marijuana at the ballot phase	1
Amazon's private label brands are killing it , says new report	Amazons private label brands are doing it right, report says	1
Amazon's private label brands are killing it , says new report	Amazons Private Label Brands Are Killing It, Report Says	1
Intelligence community is already feeling a sense of dread about Trump	The Intelligence Community is already feeling a sense of dread about @realDonaldTrump	1
Intelligence community is already feeling a sense of dread about Trump	The intelligence community is already feeling a sense of dread about @realDonaldTrump.	1
Intelligence community is already feeling a sense of dread about Trump	Intelligence community already feeling sense of dread about #Trump	1
Intelligence community is already feeling a sense of dread about Trump	Intelligence community already feeling a sense of dread about @realDonaldTrump?	1
More " those people . This time , journalists .	More " those people " -- this time journalists. More	1
At least 2 people injured in shooting in Azusa , Calif . multiple police units on scene	Two people were wounded during a shooting Thursday morning in Azusa, Calif. A multiple-person group of police is on scene.	1
At least 2 people injured in shooting in Azusa , Calif . multiple police units on scene	2 people injured after shooting near Azusa, Calif. 2 police units on scene	1
7 people suffer severe burns after a natural gas line explosion in Shelby County , Ala .	7 people suffer severe burns following natural gas line explosion in Shelby County, Ala. That's right, Alabama.	1
This is what the potential first woman president is facing in the home stretch	What the Potential First Woman President Is Faced in the Home Stretch	1
This is what the potential first woman president is facing in the home stretch	What Potential First Woman President Is Faced in the Home Stretch	1
This is what the potential first woman president is facing in the home stretch	What is the potential first woman to be president facing in the house stretch?	1
Sinovation Ventures Dr Kai-Fu Lee is betting big on artificial intelligence	Sinovation Ventures Dr Kai-Fu Lee is betting big on artificial&nbsp;intelligence	1
Sinovation Ventures Dr Kai-Fu Lee is betting big on artificial intelligence	Sinovation Ventures Dr Kai-Fu Lee is betting big on AI	1
Sinovation Ventures Dr Kai-Fu Lee is betting big on artificial intelligence	Sinovation Ventures Dr Kai-Fu Lee is betting big on artificial	1
The most vulnerable among us will now be even more vulnerable	Today&nbsp;our most vulnerable individuals are vulnerable to more than they are already	1
It is impossible to Make America Great Again if we do not have a habitable Earth	We will never make America great again if we don't have a habitable planet.	1
It is impossible to Make America Great Again if we do not have a habitable Earth	It is impossible to make America Great without a habitable planet.	1
It is impossible to Make America Great Again if we do not have a habitable Earth	It is impossible to Make America Great w/out a habitable planet.	1
It is impossible to Make America Great Again if we do not have a habitable Earth	This is unattainable. It is impossible to Make America Great if we do not have a habitable Earth.	1
It is impossible to Make America Great Again if we do not have a habitable Earth	It is impossible to Make America Great if we dont have a habitable planet. BRIN & amp ; ROGERS NEWS & amp ; PATRICK DIE @SWENLITE @SWEDENSKY FOR STORY IMAGING THE WORMS ON AGES!	1
It is impossible to Make America Great Again if we do not have a habitable Earth	We can never Make America Great without a habitable planet.	1
It really is unacceptable and insane that Trump got away with not releasing his taxes	It really is unacceptable insane that @realDonaldTrump got away with not releasing his taxes	1
It really is unacceptable and insane that Trump got away with not releasing his taxes	It really is insane that Trump got away with not releasing his taxes!	1
AP has called Pennsylvania for Donald Trump	The AP in Pennsylvania has called for Donald Trump.	1
AP has called Pennsylvania for Donald Trump	AP calling Pennsylvania for @realDonaldTrump.	1
Rachel Bloom leads a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of " We Are the World	Rachel Bloom plays a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of &ldquo;We Are the World&rdquo;	1
Rachel Bloom leads a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of " We Are the World	Rachel Bloom sings a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of We Are the World'' by.	1
A Trump win would cause immediate stock drop , according to Citigroup	Citigroup predicts immediate stock drop if Trump wins	1
A Trump win would cause immediate stock drop , according to Citigroup	Citigroup: A Trump victory would cause immediate stock drop" property	1
A Trump win would cause immediate stock drop , according to Citigroup	Citigroup: Donald Trump's pick would cause immediate stock drop" property	1
A Trump win would cause immediate stock drop , according to Citigroup	Citigroup predicted Trump win would cause immediate stock drop	1
We'll see " if Melania Trump does more than one speech	Well see if Melania Trump does more than one speech" property	1
We'll see " if Melania Trump does more than one speech	What we'll see if @melaniatrump does more than one speech.	1
We'll see " if Melania Trump does more than one speech	What Will Happen if Melania Trump Does More Than One Speeches?	1
Forget the cost to the candidates . Some say this campaigns cost America more .	Forget the Cost to the Candidates: The Campaigns Cost America More	1
Forget the cost to the candidates . Some say this campaigns cost America more .	Let's forget the costs to the candidates, this campaigns cost America more	1
casts his vote in New York on #ElectionDay with wife Melania	Melania casts his vote in New York with wife Melania on Election Day	1
FBI agents are beginning to review Huma Abedin's emails , but whether theyll finish by Election Day is unclear	F.B.I. is beginning to review @hudsonaBdein's emails. Whether theyll finish by Election Day is unclear	1
Clinton pal praises Hillary Eventually she will sound like a human	Clinton pal praises Hillary Eventually she will sound human?	1
Why Republicans don't even try to win cities anymore	Why Republicans Dont Even Try to Win Cities	1
Why Republicans don't even try to win cities anymore	Why Republicans Don&rsquo;t Even Try to Win Cities	1
Why Republicans don't even try to win cities anymore	R.E.M.. Why Republicans Dont Even Try to Win Cities	1
Atlas Recall , a search engine for your entire digital life , gets an open beta and $20M in backing	Atlas Recall, a Search Engine for Your Every Digital Life, Gets an Open Beta & amp ; $20M in	1
This was a whitelash Emotional @VanJones68 shares powerful #ElectionNight perspective	A Whitelash Empathetic Van Jones68 Shares Powerful #ElectionNight Perspective	1
With less than one week until the election , the path to victory is right here in this map	With less than one week until the election, the path to victory is right here in this map" property	1
An exclusive look at how @Microsoft built a spatial sound system for @HoloLens	Microsoft gives an exclusive look at why MIME built a spatial sound system for HoloLens	1
You have one day to make every dream you've ever dreamed for your country and family come true	You have one day to make every dream you&rsquo;ve ever dreamed for your country&rsquo;s and&rsquo;s family come true	1
You have one day to make every dream you've ever dreamed for your country and family come true	You have one day to make every dream you&rsquo;ve ever dreamed for your country&rsquo;s andfamiliar come true	1
Dont fool yourselves Wade is on the ballot on Tuesday .	Roe v. Wade on the Ballot this election, its on Tuesday. But don&rsquo;t fool yourself, she's on the ballot.	1
Some countries , including Russia , " work really hard to get Interpol alerts " against political enemies	Russia, among other countries, is " working really hard" to get Interpol alerts against political enemies	1
Gawker Media and Hulk Hogan have reached a settlement	Gawker and Hulk Hogan Reach $1B Settlement Gawker Media and Hulk Hogan Reach $1B Settlement	1
The reason this election is close .	It! The Reason This Election Is Close	1
The reason this election is close .	Why the election is close.	1
Wolf head underwear " make man looks sexy and wild	Wolf Head Underwear'make man looks sexy and wild" property	1
Wolf head underwear " make man looks sexy and wild	Wolf head underwear make Man Looks Sexy and Wild" property	1
The FBI releases docs from its 2001 investigation of Bill Clinton's pardon of Marc Rich	F.B.I. releases docs from its 2001 investigation into Bill Clintons pardon of Marc Rich	1
We dont have to accept a dark and divisive vision for America	We&rsquo;re Not Having to Accept a Dark and Divisive Vision for America	1
We dont have to accept a dark and divisive vision for America	We dont have to accept a dark and divisive vision for #America.	1
The Times obtained documents showing that Donald Trump used a legally dubious tax avoidance maneuver	It was a lie. Trump used a legally dubious tax avoidance maneuver. The Times obtained documents	1
The growing divide between red and blue America	The growing divide between Americas red and blue	1
The Pirate Party was the big winner in Iceland's election	Pirate Party Wins Icelands Election	1
How great is America really ? Here's a look at how the US measures up to the rest of the world on key issues	How great is America really? America is fantastic! heres a look at how the United States ranks up to the rest of the world on key issues	1
How great is America really ? Here's a look at how the US measures up to the rest of the world on key issues	How great is America really? Here's a look at how the US stacks up to the rest of the world in key issues	1
How great is America really ? Here's a look at how the US measures up to the rest of the world on key issues	How great is America really? A quick look at how the US fares to the rest of the world on key issues	1
How great is America really ? Here's a look at how the US measures up to the rest of the world on key issues	How great is America really? A look at how the US ranks up with the rest of the world in key issues.	1
How great is America really ? Here's a look at how the US measures up to the rest of the world on key issues	How great is America really? Heres a look at how the United States is taking measures against the rest of the world on key issues	1
How great is America really ? Here's a look at how the US measures up to the rest of the world on key issues	Is America really that great? Here's a look at how #America measures up to the rest of the world on key issues	1
How to choose between the most corrupt , least popular candidates of all time	Should I Choose Between the Most Corrupt, Least Popular Candidates of All Time	1
How to choose between the most corrupt , least popular candidates of all time	Choose Between the Most Corrupt, Least Popular Candidates of All Time, and	1
Shame on my people . You know better .	Shame on My People You Know Better, a True Shame on My People	1
Don't move to Canada , liberals . Move to a swing state	Dont Move to Canada, Liberals. Move to Swing State	1
Don't move to Canada , liberals . Move to a swing state	Dont move to Canada, Liberals. Move to a Swing State	1
Don't move to Canada , liberals . Move to a swing state	Dont Move to Canada, Liberals. Move to a Swing State.	1
Don't move to Canada , liberals . Move to a swing state	Dont move to Canada, liberals. Move to a Swing State.	1
Don't move to Canada , liberals . Move to a swing state	Dont Move to Canada, Liberals. Move to a Swing State	1
The first exit polls show voters aren't excited about Clinton or Trump	A First Exit Poll Shows Voters Aren&rsquo;t Into Clinton or Trump	1
The first exit polls show voters aren't excited about Clinton or Trump	First Exit Polls Show Voters Aren&rsquo;t Enthused About Clinton or Trump	1
The first exit polls show voters aren't excited about Clinton or Trump	First Exit Polls Show Voters Aren&rsquo;t Enthusiasm About Clinton or Trump	1
Gigantic sinkhole opened in Japan , swallowing huge sections of road including traffic lights .	Gigantic sinkhole swallows intersection in Japan, swallowing traffic lights	1
She's probably out voting for Hillary .	Hillary Clinton likely out voting for Hillary Clinton " she's probably out voting	1
It's not like we're going to get our breasts back . Some women decide against reconstruction after a mastectomy .	Women decide against reconstructing after mastectomy	1
America will no longer settle for anything less than the best	America Will No Longer Squabble About The Best	1
An overwhelming majority of voters are disgusted by the state of American politics , a Times/CBS News poll found	In a Times/CBS poll, overwhelming majority of Americans are disgusted by the state of American politics, a new Times/CBS poll found.	1
An overwhelming majority of voters are disgusted by the state of American politics , a Times/CBS News poll found	A Times/CBS poll finds the overwhelming majority of Americans disgusted by American politics	1
Geert Wilders , a far-right politician , boycotts his hate-speech trial in the Netherlands	Geert Wilders, Dutch Right-wing politician, boycotts hate-speech trial.	1
Geert Wilders , a far-right politician , boycotts his hate-speech trial in the Netherlands	Geert Wilders, Dutch far-right politician, boycotts hate-speech trial	1
Podesta " could have just emailed everyone yesterday & amp ; we would get this from WikiLeaks	Podesta'could have just emailed everyone yesterday & amp ; we&rsquo;d get this from WikiLeaks	1
Podesta " could have just emailed everyone yesterday & amp ; we would get this from WikiLeaks	Podesta'could have just emailed everyone yesterday&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&rsquo;Wednesday&rsquo;Wednesday&rsquo;Wednesday&rsquo;d get this from Wikileaks	1
Podesta " could have just emailed everyone yesterday & amp ; we would get this from WikiLeaks	Podesta'could have just emailed everyone yesterday&rsquo;&rsquo;&rsquo;&rsquo;Wed Get This From WikiLeaks&rsquo;s	1
Donald , Melania Trump embrace after she introduces him at North Carolina rally	Melania Trump embraces Donald Trump as he's introduced to her at a rally in North Carolina	1
Donald , Melania Trump embrace after she introduces him at North Carolina rally	I'll give ya a read. Trump and Melania embrace as she introduces him at rally in NC	1
Donald , Melania Trump embrace after she introduces him at North Carolina rally	Donald, Melania Trump embrace after introduces her at NC rally.	1
Trumps election victory rippled beyond the U.S. , raising profound questions about America's place in the world	Trumps victory rippled beyond the US, raising profound questions about America&rsquo;s place in the world.	1
Trumps election victory rippled beyond the U.S. , raising profound questions about America's place in the world	Donald Trumps Election Victory Revealed Globally, Raising Questions About Americas Place in the World	1
Trumps election victory rippled beyond the U.S. , raising profound questions about America's place in the world	Donald Trumps Election Victory Ripped Beyond U.S. Deep questions about Americas Place in the World	1
Trumps election victory rippled beyond the U.S. , raising profound questions about America's place in the world	Trumps election victory rippled beyond the United States, raising profound questions about America&squot;s place in the world	1
Donald Trump's wild misrepresentation of President Obama's response to a protester	A wild misrepresentation of Obama's response to a protester by @realDonaldTrump	1
We don't need Jay Z or Beyonce . We don't need Jon Bon Jovi . We don't need Lady Gaga .	We don't need @jayz or Beyonce, We don't need Jon Bon Jovi, We don't need Lady Gaga.	1
We don't need Jay Z or Beyonce . We don't need Jon Bon Jovi . We don't need Lady Gaga .	You don&rsquo;t need Jay Z or Beyonce. You don&rsquo;t need Jon Bon Jovi. We don&rsquo;t need Lady Gaga.	1
We don't need Jay Z or Beyonce . We don't need Jon Bon Jovi . We don't need Lady Gaga .	We don't need Lady Gaga, Beyonce, Jon Bon Jovi, We don't need Jay Z or Lady Gaga.	1
State capture ' report on probe into graft allegations against South African President Zuma is released	The official report into the graft allegations against South African President Zuma was released by the State Capt.	1
Hillary Clinton to young women Never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance	Hillary Clinton to young women'Never doubt that you are valuable and powerful & amp ; deserving of every chance	1
MONSTER OF A WALL German city builds barrier to stop flood of refugees	German building barrier to stop refugee wave german city builds tower of wall	1
Why light bulbs may be the next hacker target	Why Light Bulbs May Be the Next Hacker	1
Tributes are being paid to veteran broadcaster Sir Jimmy Young	Jimmy Young Veteran Radio Star Sir Jimmy Young is paid tribute	1
In getting " new " Clinton emails , did the FBI violate the Constitution ?	In Getting &ldquo;New&rdquo; Clinton Emails, Did the F.B.I. Violate the Constitution?	1
In getting " new " Clinton emails , did the FBI violate the Constitution ?	In E-mails With New Clinton Emails, Did the F.B.I. Violate the Constitution?	1
In getting " new " Clinton emails , did the FBI violate the Constitution ?	In Geting " New " Clinton Emails, Did the F.B.I. Violate the Constitution?	1
Justice Department to monitor polls in 28 states on Election Day	The US Department of Justice will monitor polls in 28 states on Election Day.	1
No " I Voted " stickers at your polling station ? Print your own here	No'I Voted'Stickers at Your Polling Station? Then Print Yours Here.	1
No " I Voted " stickers at your polling station ? Print your own here	No " I Voted " Stickers at Your Polling Station? We Print Yours Here!	1
How Donald Trump perfected the rhetoric of fake power	What did he do? How Trump perfected the rhetoric of fake power	1
How Donald Trump perfected the rhetoric of fake power	Trump Perfected Rhetoric of Fake Power My Story	1
How Donald Trump perfected the rhetoric of fake power	How Trump Perfected the Rhetoric of Fake Power & amp ; Fake Power	1
How Donald Trump perfected the rhetoric of fake power	How @realDonaldTrump Perfected the Rhetoric of Fake Power	1
How hip-hop turned on Trump and settled for Clinton in 2016	How Hip-Hop Turned On Trump and Said for Clinton in 2016	1
48 hours of Election Day coverage begins now on CNN's live blog	The first day of coverage of the 48-hour election is now live on the CNN liveblog.	1
Delta is unveiling a new premium economy class seat for its airliners	Delta introduces new premium economy class seat	1
Delta is unveiling a new premium economy class seat for its airliners	Delta Unveils a New Premium Economy Class Seat for Itineraries	1
Delta is unveiling a new premium economy class seat for its airliners	Delta unveiled new premium economy class seat for passengers	1
Delta is unveiling a new premium economy class seat for its airliners	Delta launches a premium economy class seat!	1
Trump surrogate at rally The Clintons dont have sex , so dont vote for Hillary .	Trump surrogate at rally says the Clintons dont have sex, so don&rsquo;t vote for Hillary&rsquo;s	1
Trump surrogate at rally The Clintons dont have sex , so dont vote for Hillary .	RT @HarryTrump surrogate at rally: The Clintons Don&rsquo;t Have Sex, So Don&rsquo;t Vote for Hillary	1
Trump surrogate at rally The Clintons dont have sex , so dont vote for Hillary .	Donald Trump's surrogate at rally: The Clintons Don&rsquo;t Have Sex, So Don&rsquo;t Vote For Hillary	1
Donald Trump slammed Hillary Clinton for the profanity-laced performance rapper Jay Z delivered	Trump blasts Clinton for performing profanity-laced rapper Jay Z	1
Donald Trump slammed Hillary Clinton for the profanity-laced performance rapper Jay Z delivered	Trump slams Clinton for the profanity-laced performance of rapper Jay Z.	1
Don't choose fear , choose hope President Obama says during N.C. rally	Dont Choose Fear, Choose Hope, Obama Says at N.C. Rally	1
The male birth control shot worked but the study on it was ended because of side effects like depression and acne	Male birth control shot helped alleviate depression, but side effects, like acne, were withdrawn from study	1
Extremist militias in the U.S. have rallied around Donald Trump's campaign	Extremist Militias in the U.S. Round Up Donald Trump Campaign	1
A crypt believed to be Jesus ' tomb was opened for the first time in centuries	Crypt Believed to Be Jesus Tomb Opened for First Time in Centuries	1
It was just part of our deal that I would leave bits of him in all the houses I visit	I was told as part of our deal that I would leave bits of him in all the houses I visit.	1
N o-o ne to blame for Phillip Hughes death	Phillip Hughes death to blame: N o-o ne!	1
Donald Trump is set to take the oath of office on Jan .	Donald #Trump is to take the oath of office on Jan.	1
Donald Trump is set to take the oath of office on Jan .	Trump to Take Oath of Office On Jan	1
A sheriff's deputy and a member of the Ponca Tribe talk about the Standing Rock pipeline protest in North Dakota	So here comes the talk. Sheriffs deputy and member of the Ponca Tribe discuss Standing Rock pipeline protest in North Dakota	1
When it comes to the health of your bladder , " It is time to move on from cranberries	When it comes to the health of your bladder, you 'it is time to move on from cranberries.''	1
When it comes to the health of your bladder , " It is time to move on from cranberries	The Case for Urine Release is " Its Time to Move On From Cranberries "	1
The front page of The New York Times , Nov . for live updates .	The New York Times Nov. is the front page for live updates.	1
A history of racial bias at the Trump family's properties	A history of racial bias at the Trump Estates The Trump family has a history of racial bias.	1
A history of racial bias at the Trump family's properties	A history of racial bias at Trump family properties" property	1
A history of racial bias at the Trump family's properties	A history of racial bias at the Trump estates	1
A history of racial bias at the Trump family's properties	A History of Racism at the Trump Estates	1
Donald Trump peeked at Melania's ballot , and Twitter had some jokes .	So Trump peeked at Melania&rsquo;s ballot, and Twitter had a few jokes.	1
Donald Trump peeked at Melania's ballot , and Twitter had some jokes .	Trump peeks at Melania's ballot. Twitter laughs at him!	1
An SUV ran over a 2-year-old while her mother appeared distracted by her phone , causing an uproar in China	SUV over Toddler, While Mother Promptly Turns Her Phone On, Creating An Uproar in China	1
An SUV ran over a 2-year-old while her mother appeared distracted by her phone , causing an uproar in China	SUV ran over 2-Year-Old Girl as Mother Looked at Phone, Causes Uproar in China	1
US-backed forces in Syria say they're launching an operation to seize Raqqa , ISIS ' de facto capital .	US-backed forces in Syria launched an operation to seize ISIS's capital Raqqa ".	1
US-backed forces in Syria say they're launching an operation to seize Raqqa , ISIS ' de facto capital .	US-backed forces in Syria have launched an operation to seize ISIS' de facto capital, Raqqa	1
370 economists sign letter to slam Trump for " magical thinking & amp ; conspiracy theories	370 economists sign letter slaming Trump for'magical thinking & amp ; conspiracy theories	1
370 economists sign letter to slam Trump for " magical thinking & amp ; conspiracy theories	370 economists file letter slamming Trump for having " magical thinking & amp ; conspiracy theories	1
370 economists sign letter to slam Trump for " magical thinking & amp ; conspiracy theories	370 economists sign letter slaming Trump for " magical thinking & amp ; conspiracy theories	1
Hillary Clintons early work in the courtroom wasn't glamorous , but it hinted of the politician she would become .	Hillary Clintons Early Work in the Courtroom Wasnt Gigantic, But It Lying Started the Politics She Would Be	1
Hillary Clintons early work in the courtroom wasn't glamorous , but it hinted of the politician she would become .	Clintons Early Work in the Courtroom Wasn&rsquo;t Luxurious, But It Hinted at the Politicians She Would Be	1
Hillary Clintons early work in the courtroom wasn't glamorous , but it hinted of the politician she would become .	Clintons Early Work in the Courtroom Wasnt Glorious, but It Hinted at the Politics She Would Be	1
Hillary Clintons early work in the courtroom wasn't glamorous , but it hinted of the politician she would become .	Hillary Clintons Early Work in Courtroom Wasnt Gigantic, but It Lied of the Politics She Would Be	1
Hillary Clintons early work in the courtroom wasn't glamorous , but it hinted of the politician she would become .	Clintons Early Work in the Courtroom Wasnt Gigantic, but It Indired the Politics She Would Be	1
Hillary Clintons early work in the courtroom wasn't glamorous , but it hinted of the politician she would become .	Hillary Clintons Early Work in the Courtroom Wasnt Gigantic, But It Predicted the Politics She Would Be	1
Hillary Clintons early work in the courtroom wasn't glamorous , but it hinted of the politician she would become .	Clintons Early Work in the Courtroom Wasnt Gigantic, but It Lied of the Politics She Would Be	1
Hillary Clintons early work in the courtroom wasn't glamorous , but it hinted of the politician she would become .	Hillary Clintons Early Work in the Courtroom Wasnt Gigantic, But It Hinted at the Politics She Would Be	1
Someone just turned a Big Mouth Billy Bass and Alexa into a horrifying contraption	Someone just turned a Billy Bass Big Mouth and Alexa into a horrific contraption.	1
Someone just turned a Big Mouth Billy Bass and Alexa into a horrifying contraption	Billy Bass Bass and Alexa Big Mouth turned into a wrathful invention	1
Some companies are closing to allow employees to get out and vote	Many companies close just to allow employees to vote	1
Some companies are closing to allow employees to get out and vote	Some companies are closing to allow employees to vote	1
Some companies are closing to allow employees to get out and vote	Some Companies to Close To Allow Employees to Vote	1
The reasons why Twitter wont let anyone saveVine	Why Twitter wont let anyone saveVine	1
Early voting surged among Hispanics in key swing states , data show . Its a possible sign of strength for Clinton .	Early voting surged among Hispanics in key swing states, data show. Its a possible sign of strength for @HillaryClinton.	1
Early voting surged among Hispanics in key swing states , data show . Its a possible sign of strength for Clinton .	Early Voting Surges Among Hispanics in Key Swing States Is a Possible Sign of Strength for Clinton	1
How Does The Electoral College Work And Is It Fair ?	What Is An Electoral College And Is It Fair?	1
How Does The Electoral College Work And Is It Fair ?	How Does the Electoral College Work & amp ; Is It Fair?	1
How Does The Electoral College Work And Is It Fair ?	How Does the Electoral College Work & amp ; Is It Fair? Read on here.	1
We're giving all readers unlimited access to for 72 hours on November 7-9	On November 7-9, we're giving all subscribers unlimited access to unlimited content.	1
US-backed , Kurdish-rebels launch campaign against ISIS ' Syrian ' capital	US-backed, Kurdish-backed rebels launch campaign against ISIS'capital of #Syria	1
This is Celia Underestimate her at your risk .	Celia is at risk, and you should never underestimate her.	1
This is Celia Underestimate her at your risk .	This is Celia, underestimate her risk. Here's what they said	1
This is Celia Underestimate her at your risk .	Celia Underestimate Her At Risk	1
This is Celia Underestimate her at your risk .	Celia is at risk. Donâ€™t underestimate her.	1
Denouncing Trump as a liar misses the point of authoritarian propaganda altogether .	Trump: Denouncing Him as a Liar Misses the Point of Authoritarian Propaganda?	1
Denouncing Trump as a liar misses the point of authoritarian propaganda altogether .	In some ways decrying Trump as a lie misses the point of authoritarian propaganda altogether.	1
Denouncing Trump as a liar misses the point of authoritarian propaganda altogether .	Defying Donald Trump as a Liar Misses the Point of Authoritarian Propaganda.	1
How Comcast used minions to forge a media empire	Comcast and its minions create a media empire	1
A yearlong review of Donald Trumps business record reveals decades of boom and bust , reinvention and deception	The first year of Trump&rsquo;s business history reveals decades of boom and bust, reinvention and deception	1
A yearlong review of Donald Trumps business record reveals decades of boom and bust , reinvention and deception	A yearlong review of Trump&rsquo;s business record reveals decades of boom and bust, reinvention and deception	1
A yearlong review of Donald Trumps business record reveals decades of boom and bust , reinvention and deception	A yearlong review of Donald Trump&rsquo;s business records reveals decades of boom and bust, reinvention and deception	1
A yearlong review of Donald Trumps business record reveals decades of boom and bust , reinvention and deception	A yearlong review of Donald Trump&rsquo;s business record reveals decades of boom and bust, reinvention and deception	1
Strong women sometimes drive people nuts , writes @NickKristof	Strong women can drive people nuts, writes @nickristof	1
Some 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this Election Day . In 2012 , 780-plus personnel were in place .	500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this election day, even as 780+ personnel were in place in 2012.	1
Obama jokes about report that Trump campaign has " taken away his Twitter .	Obama jokes about report that Trump campaign has " taken away " Twitter	1
Afghanistan itself is now taking in the most Afghan migrants	Afghanistan itself is now resettling the majority of Afghan migrants	1
Afghanistan itself is now taking in the most Afghan migrants	Afghanistan itself is now accepting in the most Afghan migrants.	1
How Donald Trump avoided paying taxes using other people's money	How Trump Avoided Paying Taxes With Other People&rsquo;s Money	1
How Donald Trump avoided paying taxes using other people's money	How Trump Avoided Paying Taxes With Other Peoples Money	1
How Donald Trump avoided paying taxes using other people's money	How Trump Abandoned Taxes by Prefering to Pay Others'Money.	1
What a difference an " r " makes Jake Tapper fact-checks Donald Trump's tweet	What an " R " makes Jake Tapper fact-checks Donald Trump's tweet	1
What a difference an " r " makes Jake Tapper fact-checks Donald Trump's tweet	What an " r " makes @jaketapper fact-checks @realDonaldTrump's tweet	1
What a difference an " r " makes Jake Tapper fact-checks Donald Trump's tweet	What an r'makes @jaketapper fact-checks @realDonaldTrump tweet	1
What a difference an " r " makes Jake Tapper fact-checks Donald Trump's tweet	What an " r " makes Jake Tapper fact-checks Donald Trump&rsquo;s tweet	1
What a difference an " r " makes Jake Tapper fact-checks Donald Trump's tweet	What an " r " makes @jaketapper fact-checks & amp ; answers Trump's @realDonaldTrump tweet	1
What a difference an " r " makes Jake Tapper fact-checks Donald Trump's tweet	What An " R " Makes Jake Tapper Fact Check Trump&rsquo;s Tweet	1
This is where they extended the hours to 10 PM . I'm sure Trump is racking up the votes here .	This is where they extend the hours to 10 PM. I'm sure @realDonaldTrump is racking up the votes here	1
Amazon plans to enter Southeast Asia with Singapore launch in Q1 2017	How Amazon plans to enter SE Asia with Singapore launch in Q1 2017	1
The extreme right has a problem with the founder of Chobani yogurt . He's the xenophobe's nightmare .	The extreme right has a problem with the founder of Chobani yogurt, the Xenophobe's nightmare.	1
The extreme right has a problem with the founder of Chobani yogurt . He's the xenophobe's nightmare .	The extremist right has a problem with the founder of Chobani Yogurt : He's the xenophobe's nightmare	1
10 questions about the new email trove that could be connected to the Hillary Clinton investigation	10 Questions About New Email Troop That Could Be Connected to HILLARY WHILE INDEX	1
10 questions about the new email trove that could be connected to the Hillary Clinton investigation	10 Questions About New Email Treachery That Could Be Connected to the Hillary Clinton Investigation	1
10 questions about the new email trove that could be connected to the Hillary Clinton investigation	10 Questions About New Email Troop Could Be Connected to HILLARY COLLECTION REPORT	1
Donald Trump captures presidency in historic and stunning upset of Hillary Clinton .	Trump captures presidency in historic and stunning upset of Clinton	1
Donald Trump captures presidency in historic and stunning upset of Hillary Clinton .	Trump Captures Presidency in Historic and Strictly Upset of Clinton	1
How a " lost " dog brought Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton supporters together	Lost'dog brings Trump & amp ; Clinton supporters together	1
How a " lost " dog brought Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton supporters together	A lost " dog brought Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton supporters together	1
How a " lost " dog brought Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton supporters together	The'lost'dog helped Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton supporters rally together.	1
US stocks rally in wake of Trump election win ; Dow gains about 255 for highest close since August	US Stocks Rise in Wake of Trump Election Win Dow Closes -up 250 points since Aug.	1
We don't need Jay Z or Beyonc . We don't need Jon Bon Jovi . We don't need Lady Gaga	Do we need Jay Z or Beyonc, We don't need Jon Bon Jovi, We don't need Lady Gaga?	1
We don't need Jay Z or Beyonc . We don't need Jon Bon Jovi . We don't need Lady Gaga	We don't need Lady Gaga. We don't need Jon Bon Jovi. We don't need Jay Z & amp ; Beyonc.	1
The RNC's " Don't Get Out the Vote " drives	RNC's Dont Get Out the Vote Drives.	1
The RNC's " Don't Get Out the Vote " drives	RNC drives RNC&rsquo;s "Dont Get Out the Vote&rsquo;	1
The RNC's " Don't Get Out the Vote " drives	Don&rsquo;t Get Out the Vote&rsquo; drives the RNC&rsquo;s	1
U.S. officials doubt Donald Trump has direct link to Russia	Then comes the Russians. U.S. officials doubt Donald Trump has a direct link to Russia.	1
No surprises here A study finds that New York City has the worst airports in the nation	New York City has the worst airports in the nation, study shows	1
Rachel Bloom led a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of " We Are the World	Rachel Bloom, in the style of We Are the World, Leads a Profane Anti-Trump Anthem	1
Rachel Bloom led a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of " We Are the World	Rachel Bloom, a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of  We Are the World" property	1
Rachel Bloom led a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of " We Are the World	Rachel Bloom, Singing a Profane Anti-Trump Anthem and Sharing Them in The Style of " We Are the World	1
President Obama is speaking at a rally in Charlotte , North Carolina . Watch CNN and @CNNgo	Barack Obama Is Rallying in Charlotte, North Carolina. Watch CNN and CNN Go.	1
Why is black voter turnout lagging in North Carolina ?	Why is #BlackVoters Turnout Lagging in North Carolina?	1
Jay-Z uses " the worst language I have ever heard " and most people left the rally when he and Beyonc left	Jay-Z Uses'Worst Language I Have Ever Heard'and Most People Left the Rally When Beyonc & amp ; Jay-Z Left	1
These companies will be closed on Election Day	These companies will close on Election Day.!	1
These companies will be closed on Election Day	These companies will close on Election Day in some ways.	1
Here's why some women will #WearWhiteToVote on Election Day	Why Some Women Will Wear #WhiteToVote on Election Day	1
This election year has been an exhausting parade of ugliness	Its been an exhausting parade of ugliness this election yr	1
Harvard canceled the rest of its mens soccer season over lewd ratings of female players	Harvard Cancels Men&rsquo;s Soccer Season Over Lewd Ratings of Female Players	1
Tunisia , through the eyes of its artists and intellectuals	Tunisia as seen by its artists and intellectuals	1
Tunisia , through the eyes of its artists and intellectuals	Tunisia, through the eyes of its artists and intellectuals. I	1
first woman US attorney general , dies at 78	Dies at 78 : First Woman US Attorney General Dies at 78	1
South Carolina man who chained woman in storage container confesses to at least 7 murders , sheriff says	Confessions #SouthCarolina man chained woman in storage container confesses to at least 7 murders, sheriff says	1
South Carolina man who chained woman in storage container confesses to at least 7 murders , sheriff says	Man Who Chained Woman In Storage Container Confessions to 7 Murders South Carolina Sheriff says	1
Almost everywhere in the world , mosquitoes are a menace . But not in Iceland .	Mosquitoes Are a Threat Almost Almost Across the World, and Iceland Not	1
Cubs 9 , Indians 3 Series tied , 3-3 After an Eternity , the Cubs and the Indians Will Have to Wait One More Day	'Kings Of New Orleans Cubs Can Wait One More Day After Eternity After an Eternity	1
Cubs 9 , Indians 3 Series tied , 3-3 After an Eternity , the Cubs and the Indians Will Have to Wait One More Day	after an epoch, the Cubs and the Indians will have to wait one more day.	1
Cubs 9 , Indians 3 Series tied , 3-3 After an Eternity , the Cubs and the Indians Will Have to Wait One More Day	Roughly, the Cubs 9, Indians 3 Series tied, 3-3 After an Eternity, the Cubs and the Indians Will Have to Wait One More Day	1
On Election Day , our turnout projections will tell you whos leading before polls close	On Election Day, our turnout projections will tell you who&rsquo;s leading before polls close	1
6 books to help understand Donald Trump's win	6 Books to Help Understand Trump&rsquo;s Win	1
Iraqi troops have begun to liberate eastern Mosul neighborhoods	Iraqi troops to liberate eastern Mosul neighborhoods	1
It all comes down to this . World Series Game 7 Indians Follow live	It all comes down to this. Watch live World Series Game 7 Indians	1
Trump landed the coveted iek endorsement . Why am I not surprised ?	Trump Lands coveted Iek Endorsement. Why Am I Not Surprised?	1
Uber competitor Karhoo shuts down after blowing through $250M	Uber rival Karhoo shuts down after pinning through $250M	1
LA-area polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; at least two people were wounded	LA polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; 2 people wounded	1
LA-area polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; at least two people were wounded	LA polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; two people wounded	1
What did they call this ? A Jack in the Box taco ? Oh , come on , no you didnt .	What Was This? A Jack in the Box taco? Oh Come on, No You Didnt.	1
What did they call this ? A Jack in the Box taco ? Oh , come on , no you didnt .	Why did they call this? a Jack in the Box taco? Oh, come on, no you didnt.	1
CNN Trump hack condemns Jay Z video for celebrating " Mazel Tov cocktails	CNN Trump hack condemns Jay Z video for celebrating &ldquo;Mazel Tov cocktails&rdquo;	1
Missing woman found chained " like a dog " inside metal container in rural SC , sheriff says .	The missing woman was found chained in a metal container, " like a dog ", in rural SC, the sheriff says.	1
Donald Trump is rallying supporters in the battleground state of Iowa	Trump Rallys Supporters in Battleground State of Iowa	1
Donald Trump is rallying supporters in the battleground state of Iowa	Trump rallying supporters in battleground state of Iowa	1
Donald Trump is rallying supporters in the battleground state of Iowa	Trump rallies supporters in battleground Iowa.	1
Wolf Head crotch underwear " make man looks sexy and wild	Wolf Head Crotch Underwear'makes man looks sexy and wild" property	1
Wolf Head crotch underwear " make man looks sexy and wild	Wolf Head Crotch Underwear " Make Man Looks Sexy and Wild ht	1
Taken down by Khzir Khan and deported by Latino voters .	Tilted by Khzir Khan and deported by Latino voters.	1
Taken down by Khzir Khan and deported by Latino voters .	Taken down and deported from Latino voters by Khzir Khan.	1
Taken down by Khzir Khan and deported by Latino voters .	Hacked down by Khzir Khan and deported by Latino voters.	1
Taken down by Khzir Khan and deported by Latino voters .	Trolled by Khzir Khan, deported by Latino Voters.	1
Donald Trump says daughter Tiffany isn't quite on par with Don Jr. , Eric and Ivanka	Donald Trump Says Tiffany Isnt quite on Par with Don Jr., Eric, and Ivanka	1
Donald Trump says daughter Tiffany isn't quite on par with Don Jr. , Eric and Ivanka	Trump says his daughter Tiffany isn't quite on par with Ivanka, Eric, and Don Jr.	1
Donald Trump says daughter Tiffany isn't quite on par with Don Jr. , Eric and Ivanka	Trump Says Tiffany Isnt on Par with Don Jr., Eric and Ivanka Trump	1
Donald Trump says daughter Tiffany isn't quite on par with Don Jr. , Eric and Ivanka	Trump says Tiffany doesn't match up with Don Jr., Eric, and Ivanka.	1
How merit aid is changing the public university landscape	How Merit Aid Is Impacting Public Universities	1
Donald Trump as dealmaker Decades of boom and bust , reinvention and deception	Trump as Dealmaker Decades of Boom and Bust, Reinvention, and Deception Donald Trump as Trump	1
Donald Trump as dealmaker Decades of boom and bust , reinvention and deception	Trump as Dealmaker Decades of Boom and Bust, Reinvention & amp ; Deception	1
Donald Trump as dealmaker Decades of boom and bust , reinvention and deception	Trump as dealmaker in three decades ; boom and bust, reinvention and deception	1
Donald Trump as dealmaker Decades of boom and bust , reinvention and deception	Trump as Dealmaker After Decades of Boom and Bust, Reign and Deception	1
He left America 13 years ago . Before the iPhone . He returned in August . Here's what he found .	But Why I Left America 13 Years Ago. Before the iPhone. in August. Heres What I Found.	1
There's been another mishap for the Navy's $360 million warship	Another mishap for Navy's $360M Warship	1
Scores of extremist militias in the U.S. have rallied around Donald Trump's campaign	Militias Gather Around Trump's Campaign -Terres of Extremist Militias in U.S.	1
How female fans made " Star Wars " their own	Female fans made Star Wars their own How To Make Star Wars Your Own	1
How female fans made " Star Wars " their own	Female Star Wars Fans Created Their Own'Star Wars'Feature	1
How female fans made " Star Wars " their own	Female Star Wars Fans made &ldquo;Star Wars&nbsp;Her Own&rdquo;	1
How female fans made " Star Wars " their own	How female fans made &ldquo;Star Wars&rdquo; their own	1
When will we know when we have a winner ?	How Do We Know When We Have a Winner?	1
When will we know when we have a winner ?	When will we know'winner '?	1
When will we know when we have a winner ?	When will we know what the winner is?	1
When will we know when we have a winner ?	Who Knows When We Have a Winner?	1
The Crown , " about Queen Elizabeth II , finds drama in a monarchy , no gore needed .	The Crown, about Queen Elizabeth II, finds drama in a monarchy no gore.	1
The Crown , " about Queen Elizabeth II , finds drama in a monarchy , no gore needed .	The Crown, " About Queen Elizabeth II finds drama in a monarchy, no gore.	1
The Crown , " about Queen Elizabeth II , finds drama in a monarchy , no gore needed .	The Crown, about Queen Elizabeth II finds drama in a monarchy, no gore.	1
WhatsApp is testing a clone of Snapchat Stories , called Status	WhatsAppâ€™s Status is testing a clone of Snapchat Stories	1
WhatsApp is testing a clone of Snapchat Stories , called Status	WhatsApp is testing Status, a clone of Snapchat Stories	1
Turns out Melania Trump did work illegally in the U.S. after all	Melania Trump Did Work Illegally in the U.S.	1
Turns out Melania Trump did work illegally in the U.S. after all	Melania Trump, After All, Did Work Illegally in the U.S.	1
Turns out Melania Trump did work illegally in the U.S. after all	Melania Trump did work in the US illegally, it turns out	1
It doesnt take much to whip up a party in Wrigleyville , but a Cubs World Series win ? We captured the crowd in 360 .	Don&rsquo;t Take Much to Whip Up a Party in Wrigleyville, but a Cubs World Series Win? Here&rsquo;s What the Crowd Look Like in 360	1
It doesnt take much to whip up a party in Wrigleyville , but a Cubs World Series win ? We captured the crowd in 360 .	It doesn&rsquo;t take much to whip up a party in Wrigleyville, but a Cubs World Series win? Let&rsquo;s Snap the Crowd in 360	1
LEGACY ON THE LINE Historic election could save or scrap Obama's achievements	Obama on the line The historic election could save or scrap Obama's achievements	1
The 2016 Senate election forecast , updated	2016 Senate Election Forecast Is Up and Running	1
NYPD officer killed , another wounded in Bronx shootout	New York Police Officer John Burns was killed and another wounded in a shootout over a vacant property in the Bronx on Tuesday night after a NYPD officer was killed and a multiple shots were fired.	1
NYPD officer killed , another wounded in Bronx shootout	NYPD officer killed, another wounded in shootingout in Bronx	1
NYPD officer killed , another wounded in Bronx shootout	New York police officer killed, another wounded in shooting out in Bronx	1
300 million children breathe highly toxic air , Unicef reports	300 Million Children Breath Highly Toxic Air Unicef	1
Why failure is necessary for success in entrepreneurship . Full episodes of The Down Round	Why Failure is Essential for Success in entrepreneurship Listen to The Down Round.	1
An afternoon with Charles Oakley , proud son of Cleveland	On an afternoon with Charles Oakley, proud son of Cleveland	1
Among the casualties of the 2016 presidential campaign is the mystique of the FBI	Mysterious F.B.I. Agents In the Campaign Among the Victims of 2016 Presidential Campaign	1
Among the casualties of the 2016 presidential campaign is the mystique of the FBI	The FBI's Mystique Among the Victims of the 2016 Presidential Campaign.	1
A lament for Hillary Clinton , the woman	Our grievances are with the women of Hillary Clinton	1
Young readers share their stories of how banned books saved their lives .	Kids tell their stories of how banned books helped them and even saved their lives.	1
Chelsea Manning tried to commit suicide for the second time in October	Manning Tried Committing Suicide 2nd Time in October When this happened Chelsea Manning Tried Committing Suicide.	1
Women's cancer deaths are expected to rise 60% by 2030 , according to a new report	Women's cancer deaths expected to rise 60% by 2030, report says	1
Women's cancer deaths are expected to rise 60% by 2030 , according to a new report	Womens cancer deaths expected to increase 60% by 2030, report says	1
On #ElectionDay , Donald Trump still signals he may not accept the results	on election day, Trump still signaling he may not accept the results	1
We're looking for fake news and memes on Election Day . Can you help ?	Fake News and Memes on Election Day. What are you doing to help?	1
We're looking for fake news and memes on Election Day . Can you help ?	Can you help? We're looking for fake news and memes on Election Day. I'm looking for.	1
James Comey is a constitutional lightweight , and Trump is still the only real scandal	James Comey Is a Constitutionally Lightweight, and Donald Trump Still the Only Scandal Still	1
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are neck-and-neck in a new national tracking poll	Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Close in New National Tracking Poll	1
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are neck-and-neck in a new national tracking poll	Trump and Clinton Are Neck-and-Cross in New National Tracking Poll	1
The final days of Donald Trump's campaign We take you on his plane , to his headquarters and inside his head	The Final Days of Donald Trumps Campaign Take Me On His Plane, to His Headquarters, and Inside His Head	1
The final days of Donald Trump's campaign We take you on his plane , to his headquarters and inside his head	The last days of #Trump's campaign We take you on his plane, to his headquarters and inside his head	1
The final days of Donald Trump's campaign We take you on his plane , to his headquarters and inside his head	Here's a look at the last days of Trump's campaign. We take you on his plane, to his headquarters, and inside his head.	1
Barack Obama has added another milestone to his technological legacy He's the first U.S. president to use Snapchat	Obama is the first president to use Snapchat. He's the first U.S. president to do it.	1
Barack Obama has added another milestone to his technological legacy He's the first U.S. president to use Snapchat	Barack Obama is the first US President to use Snapchat	1
Barack Obama has added another milestone to his technological legacy He's the first U.S. president to use Snapchat	Barack Obama is the first U.S. President to use Snapchat	1
Barack Obama has added another milestone to his technological legacy He's the first U.S. president to use Snapchat	Barack Obama is the first US president to use Snapchat	1
Barack Obama has added another milestone to his technological legacy He's the first U.S. president to use Snapchat	Barack Obama is the first US president to use Snapchat! The technology is evolving.	1
closing the gap Are the mainstream media misjudging him yet again ?	Stop Gripping the Gap Are Mainstream Media Misjudging Him Again?	1
Oh , well in that casewait what	Oh, well in that case, wait what	1
Oh , well in that casewait what	Wait what happened	1
Oh , well in that casewait what	Oh, well in that case Wait what happened	1
Setting clocks back in winter could increase depression due to the added hour of darkness in the evening	If you set the clocks back in winter, you could increase depression due to the added hour of darkness in the evening.	1
Setting clocks back in winter could increase depression due to the added hour of darkness in the evening	If you set your clock back in winter, you might be prone to depression due to the extra hour of darkness in the evening.	1
The theory that the FBI is out to get Clinton is becoming more plausible	Theories That the FBI Is Out to Get Clinton Becoming More Plausible.	1
The theory that the FBI is out to get Clinton is becoming more plausible	Theory that the FBI is out to get Hillary Clinton Is More Plausible. Is that the FBI is out to get Clinton?	1
The theory that the FBI is out to get Clinton is becoming more plausible	Theories that the FBI is out to get Clinton becoming more plausible.	1
The warnings about TV news hiring political operatives have come true , @jimrutenberg writes	Warnings About TV News Hiring Political operatives Come True, JIMRUPTENS. They are real.	1
GoPro is recalling the Karma drone after just 16 days on the market	GoPro has recalled the Karma drone which was on the market for just 16 days.	1
GoPro is recalling the Karma drone after just 16 days on the market	GoPro is recalled the Karma drone after just 16 days on the market.	1
GoPro is recalling the Karma drone after just 16 days on the market	GoPro just recalled their Karma drone, which was on the market for just 16 days.	1
With just two days before the election , WikiLeaks releases more DNC emails	WikiLeaks releases more DNC emails, just two days before the election	1
With just two days before the election , WikiLeaks releases more DNC emails	WikiLeaks releases more DNC emails With just two days before the election, @HillaryClinton @jazz #Zanderbluth @CNNPolitics	1
With just two days before the election , WikiLeaks releases more DNC emails	WikiLeaks releases more DNC emails with just two days before the election	1
With just two days before the election , WikiLeaks releases more DNC emails	WikiLeaks releases more DNC emails just two days before the election.	1
Here are the rules in different states on carrying guns to the polls on	What are some rules in different states on carrying your guns to polls?	1
Here are the rules in different states on carrying guns to the polls on	The Rules in Different States on Carrying Guns to Polls	1
AirPR raises $5M to bring more data to PR	AirPR raises $5M to bring more data to&nbsp;PR	1
It's been a long , long but we've summarised it in 170 seconds	I've been a long, long story, but I've now summarised it in 170 seconds	1
It's been a long , long but we've summarised it in 170 seconds	It's been a long, long time but here's the recap we compiled in just 170 seconds	1
It's been a long , long but we've summarised it in 170 seconds	Its been a long, long time, but we've summarized it in 170 Seconds	1
Heres how the Chicago Cubs won Game 7	Here&rsquo;s How the Chicago Cubs Won Game 7	1
We should dump time zones and synchronize our watches for real .	Time to ditch time zones & amp ; synchronize our watches realtime.	1
We should dump time zones and synchronize our watches for real .	We should put away timezones & amp ; synchronize our watches for real.	1
We should dump time zones and synchronize our watches for real .	We Should Dump Time Zones & amp ; Synchronize Our Watches For Real	1
We should dump time zones and synchronize our watches for real .	Time to Dump Time Zones and Synchronize Our Watches for Real	1
We should dump time zones and synchronize our watches for real .	Should We Throw Time Zones & amp ; Synchronize Our Watches for Real?	1
So Cory's still on the team , huh ?	So So Corys Still on the Team, huh?	1
So Cory's still on the team , huh ?	So I Think Cory Still on the Team	1
So Cory's still on the team , huh ?	So Corys still on the team? Yes, indeed.	1
So Cory's still on the team , huh ?	So now we know who is still on the team! Cory still on team, huh?	1
UK government must hold vote in Parliament before triggering formal Brexit process , court rules .	To trigger formal Brexit process, the UK must vote in Parliament, the court rules	1
UK government must hold vote in Parliament before triggering formal Brexit process , court rules .	The UK parliament must be given a vote before the formal Brexit process starts, the Court rules.	1
This is literally how the Nazis defined who was and was not a Jew	The Nazis define who was and who were not a Jew, literally.	1
This is literally how the Nazis defined who was and was not a Jew	This is literally how the Nazis defined who was a Jew.	1
This is literally how the Nazis defined who was and was not a Jew	This is literally how the Nazis defined who was and wasnt a Jew	1
This is literally how the Nazis defined who was and was not a Jew	This is literally how the Nazis defined who was and what was not a Jew.	1
A guide to getting a bachelor's degree abroad	How to Get a Bachelors Degree abroad	1
Hillary Clinton enlists " Daisy " from the 1964 ad to question Donald Trump on nukes	Hillary Clinton enlists " Daisy " from 1964 ad to question Trump on nuclear nuclear weapons	1
Hillary Clinton enlists " Daisy " from the 1964 ad to question Donald Trump on nukes	Clinton seeks'Daisy'from 1964 ad to question Trump on nukes	1
On this one thing Donald Trump is right The Democratic Party has taken black Americans for granted .	On This One Thing Donald Trump Is Right The Democratic Party Has Taken Black Americans for Into.	1
On this one thing Donald Trump is right The Democratic Party has taken black Americans for granted .	How Donald Trump Is Right On This One Thing: The Democratic Party Has Taken Black Americans for?	1
Sex assault case dropped accuser withdraws lawsuit .	Sex assault case dropped accuser withdraws lawsuit Sex assault case dropped	1
The race to 270 is over . Here are the latest 2016 election results .	2016 Election Results The Race to 270 Is Over.	1
Grab a seat . This is a story about how a sandwich is not just a sandwich .	Grab a Seat: How to Make a Sandwich Not Just a Sandwich	1
Grab a seat . This is a story about how a sandwich is not just a sandwich .	Grab a Seat: How to Make a Sandwich Not just a Sandwich	1
Dow futures briefly dive 750 points on election anxiety	Dow futures plunge by 750 points after election scare	1
Xiaomi's Mi MIX is all about its gorgeous edge-to-edge display	MiX Is All About Its Gorgeous Edge-to-Ever Display	1
Video uncovered of Trump socializing with mob figure he's denied knowing	Video uncovered of #FLOTUSMX with mobster he's denied knowing	1
Libertarian VP candidate Bill Weld on Comey letter If you don't know keep your mouth shut	Libertarian VP candidate Bill Weld on Comey letter " Don't know. Keep your mouth shut.	1
Hillary Clinton , in her concession speech Never stop believing that fighting for whats right is worth it	Clinton Never Stop Believe in Believing in Whats Right Is Worth It, in her Concession Speech	1
Hillary Clinton , in her concession speech Never stop believing that fighting for whats right is worth it	Hillary Clinton, in Her Concession Speech, Never Stop believing that fighting for what&nbsp;is worth it&rsquo; is worth it&rsquo;	1
She took me apart like a toy watch said one lawyer who ran up against Hillary Clinton more than once	A lawyer who ran up against Hillary Clinton more than once once said, " she took me apart like a toy watch " said.	1
If Hillary Clinton goes to the White House , she could bring along these trusted aides and all of their baggage	If Hillary Clinton Goes to the White House, These Trusted Advisers Carry Baggages	1
If Hillary Clinton goes to the White House , she could bring along these trusted aides and all of their baggage	If Hillary Clinton Goes to the White House, She&rsquo;ll Have These Trustable Aides &ldquo; and All of Their Baggage.	1
If Hillary Clinton goes to the White House , she could bring along these trusted aides and all of their baggage	Hillary Clinton, if she goes to White House, she could bring these trusted aides and all of their baggage.	1
Donald Trump's path to 270 electoral votes is precarious but here's how he could do it	Trumpâ€™s path to 270 electoral votes is precarious, here&rsquo;s how he could do it	1
Prince Harry attacked the " racial undertones " of press coverage of his new girlfriend , the actress Meghan Markle	Prince Harry attacks'racial undertones'of press coverage of new girlfriend The actress Meghan Markle	1
Prince Harry attacked the " racial undertones " of press coverage of his new girlfriend , the actress Meghan Markle	Princess Harry attacked'racial undertones'of media coverage of new girlfriend, actress Meghan Markle	1
Why does education translate to less support for Donald Trump ? Readers weigh in .	Why Does Education Translate to Less Support for Donald Trump? Lets dig in	1
Trump will be the next president of the United States	Trump, Donald Trump, Is the New President of the United States.	1
Trump will be the next president of the United States	Trump was given the right to take office! He will become President of the United States	1
Black turnout soft in early voting , a bad sign for Hillary Clinton	Black turnout in early voting is bad for #HillaryClinton	1
Lawsuits , celebrities and Giuliani's crazy eyes . Slate's Election Day live-blog	Giuliani's crazy eyes, lawyers, celebrities on Slate's election day Live Blogging The New York Times	1
Trump lawyers file lawsuit over early voting in Nevada .	Trump Lawyer Files Nevada Voting Law Suit Over Early Voting	1
The Dalai Lama sees anger and discontent in some of the worlds richest nations . He shares advice in @nytopinion	Dalai Lama sees anger and discontent in some of the world&rsquo;s richest nations. He shares his advice in @NYTopinion	1
The Dalai Lama sees anger and discontent in some of the worlds richest nations . He shares advice in @nytopinion	Dalai Lama Sees Anxiety and Discontent in Some of the World&rsquo;s Richest Nations. He Shares His Tips in @nytimes	1
The Dalai Lama sees anger and discontent in some of the worlds richest nations . He shares advice in @nytopinion	The Dalai Lama sees anger and discontent in some of the world&rsquo;s richest nations. He shares advice in NYT opinion	1
GoPro trading halted as company misses revenue expectations by 23%	GoPro tying shuts as company misses revenue expectations by 23%	1
We are in a strange new land America in a time of Donald Trump	We are in a strange new land America in a time of @realDonaldTrump	1
Hillary Clinton to close the campaign by assembling political equivalent of ' The Avengers	Clinton to close campaign by assembling political equivalent of'Avengers" property	1
Hillary Clinton to close the campaign by assembling political equivalent of ' The Avengers	Clinton to close campaign by assembling political'Avengers	1
Hillary Clinton to close the campaign by assembling political equivalent of ' The Avengers	Clinton to close campaign by assembling political equivalent of'Avengers	1
Hillary Clinton to close the campaign by assembling political equivalent of ' The Avengers	Clinton to close campaign with assembling political'Avengers	1
Hillary Clinton to close the campaign by assembling political equivalent of ' The Avengers	Clinton to Close Campaign by Collecting Political Equivalent of The Avengers	1
Hillary Clinton to close the campaign by assembling political equivalent of ' The Avengers	Clinton to close campaign by assembling political equivalent of 'Avengers''	1
The Arabs deserve their Vogue , and they've deserved it for a long , long time	The Arabs deserve their Vogue. They&rsquo;ve deserved it for a long, long time.	1
A tiny skin patch may help treat peanut allergies , a new study says .	New study suggests patch-like patches might help children with peanut allergies.	1
Huma's email testimony could haunt her as FBI renews probe	Huma's Email Test Could Blow Her As FBI Renews Prosecutes Emails	1
Trump won by promising a resurgent white supremacy . sharp as ever last night .	White supremacy: Trump Wins by Proclaiming Resurgent White Supremacy. Sharp as Ever Last Night.	1
Trump on inner cities I say , honestly folks , what do you have to lose ? It's so bad now .	Trump's inner cities " I say, honestly folks, what do you have to lose. Its so bad now	1
Navdy's Heads-Up Display for your car starts shipping for $799	Navdy's Heads-Up Display for Your Car Starts Shipping For&nbsp;799	1
Navdy's Heads-Up Display for your car starts shipping for $799	Navdyâ€™s Heads-Up Display for Your Car Starts Shipping For&nbsp;799	1
Navdy's Heads-Up Display for your car starts shipping for $799	Navdyâ€™s Heads-Up Display for your car starts shipping for&nbsp;$799	1
Navdy's Heads-Up Display for your car starts shipping for $799	Navdyâ€™s Heads-Up Display for your car starts shipping for&nbsp;799	1
Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee , they would have beaten Donald Trump .	Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee, they would have won Donald Trump.	1
What's vanishing with Vine ? A home where black culture flourished .	Whats vanishing with Vine? A home where Black culture flourished.	1
What's vanishing with Vine ? A home where black culture flourished .	Whats disappearing with Vine? A home where black culture flourished	1
There are many ways to map election results . The @UpshotNYT tried most of them .	There are many ways to map the results of your vote. Try The ShotNYT Most of Them.	1
That pro-Trump propaganda in your feed ? It might be made in Macedonia	All this pro-Trump propaganda is in our feed. It might be made in Macedonia.	1
That pro-Trump propaganda in your feed ? It might be made in Macedonia	Pro-Trump apropaganda in your feed? It might be made in Macedonia.	1
That pro-Trump propaganda in your feed ? It might be made in Macedonia	What's that pro-Trump propaganda in your feed? It might be made in Macedonia	1
That pro-Trump propaganda in your feed ? It might be made in Macedonia	That pro-Trump propaganda you gotta see in your feed? It might be made in Macedonia.	1
Trump campaign keeping list of people who did not support his White House run	The Trump campaign is keeping a list of people who did not support his WH campaign.	1
There's one thing that Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton and voters all agreed on	For voters, there is one thing that @realDonaldTrump, #HillaryClinton, and all agreed on	1
There's one thing that Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton and voters all agreed on	It&rsquo;s One Thing Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton and Voters All Agreed on	1
There's one thing that Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton and voters all agreed on	Trump, Clinton, Voters Agree on One Thing.	1
There's one thing that Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton and voters all agreed on	The Key Thing That Donald Trump, Clinton and Voters All Agreed on	1
There's one thing that Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton and voters all agreed on	Trump, Clinton and Voters All Agreed on One Thing	1
A court got the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	Court Gets Trump Campaign to Promise Not to Intimidate Voters on Election Day	1
on Hillary Clinton It's a rigged system , and she's protected .	Clinton is a rigged system, and she&rsquo;s protected.	1
on Hillary Clinton It's a rigged system , and she's protected .	Hillary Clinton's rigged system -- and she's protected.	1
US Federal Reserve votes to keep key interest rates unchanged , waiting for further evidence before raising rates	The US Federal Reserve Reserve is voting to keep key rates unchanged, waiting for more evidence, before raising them	1
Sheldon Adelson ponies up $25m to help @realDonaldTrump more may be coming	Adelson pony up $25m to help President-elect Donald Trump More may be coming	1
Sheldon Adelson ponies up $25m to help @realDonaldTrump more may be coming	Adelson ponying up $25m to help Trump MORE MAY BE COMING.	1
The Mannequin Challenge still fun , not yet ruined by adults	Mannequin Challenge: Fun, Not Roughly Described by Adults	1
Paul Ryan on voting for Trump I already voted " for our nominee	Paul Ryan on vote for Trump I already voted & amp ; for our nominee	1
Paul Ryan on voting for Trump I already voted " for our nominee	Ryan on Trump'I already voted'for our nominee	1
It sure sounds like Pope Francis doesnt think Americans should vote for Trump	It Sure Sounds Like Pope Francis Doesn&rsquo;t Think Americans Should Vote For Trump	1
Minnesota's governor raised tax on the rich , increased minimum wage . Now state's economy is one of America's best .	Minnesotan Gouverneur Increasing Tax on the Rich, Raising Minimum Wage, Now Stateâ€™s Economy Is One of Americas Best	1
Minnesota's governor raised tax on the rich , increased minimum wage . Now state's economy is one of America's best .	An economy that has done well in recent history was Minnesota Governor Geddisman raising taxes on the rich and raising the minimum wage. Now State's economy is one of the best in the United States.	1
Some in the FBI are " actively working " to help Donald Trump	Some F.B.I. Officials Are'Actively Working' to Help Trump	1
Some in the FBI are " actively working " to help Donald Trump	Some in F.B.I.'actively working' to help Donald Trump	1
Some in the FBI are " actively working " to help Donald Trump	Some in FBI'actively working'to help Trump US @CNNPolitics	1
Trump beats the media and the Establishment in pulling off the greatest upset ever	Trump beats the media and establishment in pulling off the biggest upset ever&nbsp;[QUOTE]	1
Guilt a ' Moot Point She Cannot Take the Oval Office	Guilt a &ldquo;Moot Point&rdquo; She Cannot Take the Oval Office	1
Trump won with gains white working class voters who many believed the Democrats no longer needed	Trump won White Working Class Voters, Many Believe Democrats No No Longer Used	1
Trump won with gains white working class voters who many believed the Democrats no longer needed	Trump won White Working Class Voters, Many Believe Democrats No Longer Needed	1
Trump won with gains white working class voters who many believed the Democrats no longer needed	Trump Wins White Working Class Voters Who Many Believe Democrats No Longer Needed	1
How Donald Trump exaggerated the size of many of his New York buildings	How @realDonaldTrump exaggerated the size of many of his New York buildings	1
Standing Rock pipeline protest absent from Facebook Trends	Standing Rock pipeline protest does not appear on facebook.	1
Standing Rock pipeline protest absent from Facebook Trends	Standing Rock Pipeline Protest Abrupt from Facebook Trends	1
Standing Rock pipeline protest absent from Facebook Trends	Standing Rock pipeline protest misses facebooktrends	1
The cure for fake journalism is an overwhelming dose of good journalism , @jimrutenberg writes	What Is the Cure for Fake Journalism? An Overdose of Good Journalism, Jimrutenberg Writes	1
From Brexit to Trump , " white anxiety has fueled this year's political tumult in the West , " says @amandataub	From Brexit to Trump, White Anxiety Fuels the Political Turbult in the West, Says @AmanDataub	1
From Brexit to Trump , " white anxiety has fueled this year's political tumult in the West , " says @amandataub	From Brexit to Trump, white anxiety has fueled this year's political tumult in the West, reports Mandataub	1
Donald Trump tweets for the first time as president-elect	Trump tweets as president-elect for first time	1
The next US president faces a world of trouble	The next presidents world of trouble The next US president faces a world of trouble	1
Welcome to an unprecedented Election Day experiment . Slate and @VoteCastr are publishing turnout estimates all day	Powered by #Slate, VoteCastr is an unprecedented experiment for reporting election turnout estimates all day long	1
Now that the #Bridgegate trial is over , what's possibly next for Christie ?	What's next for Christie after the Bridgegate trial?	1
Now that the #Bridgegate trial is over , what's possibly next for Christie ?	Bridgegate trial is over, so what's next for Christie?	1
Now that the #Bridgegate trial is over , what's possibly next for Christie ?	What's next for Christie? The Bridgegate trial is over.	1
It is increasingly unlikely that Huma Abedin's emails will be reviewed by Election Day , FBI officials said	It Is increasingly unlikely that #HumaAbedin's emails will be reviewed by Election Day, FBI officials said	1
It is increasingly unlikely that Huma Abedin's emails will be reviewed by Election Day , FBI officials said	Huma Abedin's emails are increasingly unlikely to be reviewed by Election Day, FBI says	1
The majority of Trump supporters surveyed described black people as " less evolved	Black People Less Evolved, Survey Finds Most #Trump Supporters Say	1
NASA wants you to see this video of the Artic ice disappearing	Watch NASA's video of the Artic Ice disappearing	1
NASA wants you to see this video of the Artic ice disappearing	Watch NASA's video of Artic ice disappearing	1
seems of two minds in case testing the rights of disabled kids with service dogs .	Two minds in case testing rights of disabled kids with service dogs	1
The NYT review of " Doctor Strange , " the latest Marvel superhero movie	The New York Times'Doctor Strange,' the latest Marvel superhero film	1
on the kind of first lady she'll be if @realdonaldtrump becomes US president	the kind of first lady she'll be if @realdonaldtrump becomes the US president.	1
The FBI's investigations into alleged Trump-Russia ties have yielded little	FBI Investigations Into alleged Trump-Russia Ties Leave No Difference	1
Kids explain how banned and challenged books helped them and even saved their lives	Kids explain how banned and challenged books saved and even saved lives	1
to trick-or-treater dressed as him Man , I'm not that gray	man who is not that gray. I went to the trick-or-treater dressed as him Man.	1
Americans Blame Obesity on Willpower , Despite Evidence Its Genetic	Obesity Is linked to Genetics. Many Americans blame their blaming willpower.	1
How LinkedIn Drove a Wedge Between Microsoft and Salesforce	How LinkedIn Drove a Wedge Between Salesforce & amp ; Microsoft	1
How LinkedIn Drove a Wedge Between Microsoft and Salesforce	LinkedIn Drove a Wedge Between Microsoft and Salesforce	1
Mazel tov cocktails are what I reward myself with after a long hard day of controlling the media .	I love my Mazel Tov cocktail after a hard day of controlling the media.	1
That basket full of deplorables is more diverse than people want to believe	A basket full of deplorables. Thatâ€™s more diverse than people want to believe. Is it true?	1
Our words and actions are a reflection of who we are as a nation and what we want our children to emulate	What we speak and act as a nation are a reflection of who we are as a nation and what we want our children to emulate	1
Our words and actions are a reflection of who we are as a nation and what we want our children to emulate	We speak and act as a reflection of who we are as a nation and what we want our children to emulate.	1
Our words and actions are a reflection of who we are as a nation and what we want our children to emulate	Our words and actions are a reflection of who we are as a nation and what we want to ad in our children.	1
How a fake story about the Obamas and Hillary Clinton entangled Sean Hannity	Fake story about Obamas & amp ; Hillary Clinton entangled Sean Hannity	1
How a fake story about the Obamas and Hillary Clinton entangled Sean Hannity	Fake story about Obamas and Hillary Clinton entangled Sean Hannity.	1
How a fake story about the Obamas and Hillary Clinton entangled Sean Hannity	Fake story about Obamas and Hillary Clinton tangled Sean Hannity. In this case at least he is.	1
How a fake story about the Obamas and Hillary Clinton entangled Sean Hannity	Fake story about Obamas, Hillary Clinton enangled Sean Hannity	1
How a fake story about the Obamas and Hillary Clinton entangled Sean Hannity	Fake story about Obamas, Hillary Clinton entangled Sean Hannity	1
Some Florida parents plan to arm themselves while going trick-or-treating over clown concerns	Some Florida parents plan to arm themselves while trick-or-treating, following a clown's warnings	1
Pussy grabbing is a " serious issue " and other wise insights from a wise colleauge .	Pussy grabbing, a'serious issue ', and other wise insights from a wise colleauge.	1
Pussy grabbing is a " serious issue " and other wise insights from a wise colleauge .	Pussy grabbing, a'serious issue'and other wise insights from a wise colleauge.	1
Our culture has gotten too mean and too rough Melania Trump said at a campaign rally	OUR COLLABOR: We Got Too Mean and Too Rough Melania Trump Says at Campaign Rally: 'Our Culture Has Gone Too	1
What a Donald Trump presidency means for the Supreme Court	What will Donald Trump presidency mean for the Supreme Court?	1
What a Donald Trump presidency means for the Supreme Court	What the #Trump Presidency Means for the #SupremeCourtyCourt	1
What a Donald Trump presidency means for the Supreme Court	What's this Trump presidency mean for Supreme Court?	1
What a Donald Trump presidency means for the Supreme Court	What the Trump Presidency Means for the Supreme Court.	1
Dubai's airport has been closed three times this year because of unauthorized drones . Now it's fighting back	Dubai airport closed three times this year due to drone activity. Now Dubai airport is fighting back.	1
Dubai's airport has been closed three times this year because of unauthorized drones . Now it's fighting back	Dubai airport closed three times this year over drones. Now UAE airport fighting back against #drones.	1
How Donald Trump reshaped the election map	How Trump Shaped the Election Map	1
How Donald Trump reshaped the election map	How Trump shaped the election map ht	1
Donald Trump is neck-and-neck with Hillary Clinton in New Hampshire	Trump in New Hampshire is neck-and-neck with Clinton.	1
Is obesity a lack of willpower or a disease ? The public and obesity specialists disagree .	Is Obesity a result of willpower or disease? Public and Obesity Experts Contrast	1
New York area has the U . s 3 worst airports , a study says	NYC Area Has the World s 3 Worst Airports, Study Says	1
NYT critics ' pick Doctor Strange " with Benedict Cumberbatch	#nytimes critics pick Doctor Strange'with Benedict Cumberbatch" property	1
NYT critics ' pick Doctor Strange " with Benedict Cumberbatch	NYT critics pick Doctor Strange'with Benedict Cumberbatch" property	1
Our live forecasts are alive and dancing . Watch the returns like a smart person .	Live Forecasts Are Live and Dance: Watch the Returns Like a Smart Person	1
Trump is appealing a court order against voter intimidation . Let that sink in .	Trump Is Appealsing Court Order Against Voter Intimidation	1
Kendall Jenner and join forces to launch wireless headphones	Kendall and joining forces to launch Wireless headphones	1
Rudolph Giuliani , Chris Christie and Newt Gingrich are among candidates for Trump's cabinet and staff , aides said	Newt Gingrich, Chris Christie and Rudolph Giuliani are among candidates for President-elect Donald Trump's Cabinet and Staff, Aides Say	1
Rudolph Giuliani , Chris Christie and Newt Gingrich are among candidates for Trump's cabinet and staff , aides said	Newt Gingrich, Chris Christie and Rudolph Giuliani, among candidates for the Cabinet and Staff of Donald Trump, Officials Say	1
When you have unbridled access , what happens when policies change ?	When you have unlimited access, what happens when policy changes?	1
The key to Trumps more disciplined campaign ? He no longer controls his twitter account	The key to Trump&rsquo;s more disciplined campaign? He no longer controls his twitter account.	1
The key to Trumps more disciplined campaign ? He no longer controls his twitter account	The key to Trump&rsquo;s more disciplined campaign? He no longer controls his Twitter account.	1
The key to Trumps more disciplined campaign ? He no longer controls his twitter account	key to Trump&rsquo;s more disciplined campaign? He no longer controls his Twitter account	1
The key to Trumps more disciplined campaign ? He no longer controls his twitter account	The key to Trump&rsquo;s more disciplined campaign? He no longer controls his Twitter account	1
What kind of jobs are in demand in Silicon Valley ? Full series of " The Down Round " here	What type of jobs are in demand in Silicon Valley? A complete series of " The Down Round ", available in.	1
Clinton will win but Congress won't work with her , a longtime Republican political strategist says	Hillary Clinton Will Win, but Congress Won't Work With Her Longtime Republican Political Stratege says	1
Our Baghdad bureau chief @tarangoNYT entered the city of Mosul on Wednesday with Iraqi special forces soldiers	Our Baghdad bureau chief 'tarangoNYT' enters Mosul with Iraqi special forces soldiers on Wednesday	1
Colonial Pipeline spokesperson 1 fatality , 5 injuries confirmed after Shelby County , Ala	A Colonial Pipeline spokesman confirmed 1 fatality, 5 injuries after Shelby County, Ala.	1
This time , there really is a Hispanic voter surge	This is a real Hispanic voter surge	1
Mobile internet use passes desktop for the first time , study finds	Mobile internet usage surpasses desktop first time, study finds	1
Chelsea Manning Tried Committing Suicide a Second Time in October reports Charlie Savage at NYT .	Chelsea Manning Attempts Suicide 2nd Time in October Charlie Savage Reports in NYT	1
Chelsea Manning Tried Committing Suicide a Second Time in October reports Charlie Savage at NYT .	Chelsea Manning Tried Committing Suicide a Second Time in October in October, Charlie Savage reports from NYT	1
A letter signed by 370 economists urges American voters Don't vote for Trump	370 economists sign letter calling for american voters to Don&rsquo;t Vote for Trump	1
A letter signed by 370 economists urges American voters Don't vote for Trump	Letter Signed By 370 Economics Calls Americans Don't Vote for Trump	1
A letter signed by 370 economists urges American voters Don't vote for Trump	370 economists have signed a letter urging American voters to "Dont Vote for Trump's"	1
Get ready for a VERY fast recap of the US election	A very fast recap of the US election!	1
Get ready for a VERY fast recap of the US election	Get ready for a VERY quick recap of the #U.S. election!	1
A look at demographic breakdowns from the exit polls	A look at exit polls' demographic breakdowns	1
China's new cybersecurity law is bad news for business	Chinas Cybersecurity Law is bad news for business	1
China's new cybersecurity law is bad news for business	Chinas new cybersecurity law is bad for & amp ; economics" property	1
Obama on 2016 election We have to remember that we're actually all on one team .	Obama on 2016 election Reminder that we're actually all on one team.	1
Obama on 2016 election We have to remember that we're actually all on one team .	On 2016 election Obama on We have to remember that we're actually all on one team.	1
Leia , Rey and now Jyn Erso are the best known , but theyre hardly alone . A look at indomitable women of " Star Wars .	The best known of all Star Wars heroes, Leia, Rey and now Jyn Erso are the best known. But theyre not alone.	1
Leia , Rey and now Jyn Erso are the best known , but theyre hardly alone . A look at indomitable women of " Star Wars .	Leia, Rey, and now Jyn Erso are the best known, but theyre barely alone A Guide to the Brave Women of Star Wars	1
Suspect captured after 2 Iowa officers killed in ambush-style attacks	A suspect was arrested in the ambush attack that killed 2 Iowa police officers.	1
It's not too late for an October surprise .	An October Surprise Is Not Too Late	1
It's not too late for an October surprise .	An October Surprise Is Not Too Late.	1
The new 64-bit Orange Pi is a quad-core computer for $20	A new Orange Pi 64-bit quad-core computer for $20	1
The new 64-bit Orange Pi is a quad-core computer for $20	New 64-bit Orange Pi Quad-Core Computer for Around $20	1
FBI Releases Files On Bill Clinton's Pardon Of Marc Rich	F.B.I. Releases Files On Bill Clinton's Pardon Of Marc Rich	1
Donald Trump's big bet on less educated whites	Trumps Big Bet on Less Educated Whites	1
How Wynton Marsalis composed his new violin concerto transatlantically	Wynton Marsalis Transatlantic Composition of Solo Violin Concerto	1
Visitors are expected and welcomed today at the Bronx graves of 4 prominent suffragists	The Bronx graves of 4 prominent suffragists will welcome visitors to the city today.	1
Police capture man sought after ambush-style killings of 2 Iowa police officers	Police in Iowa have arrested a man in connection with the ambush killings of two Iowa police officers.	1
You go from this moonscape of war-destroyed buildings to a street of buses , open shops	Imagine this moonscape of war-destroyed buildings to a street of buses, open shops.	1
You go from this moonscape of war-destroyed buildings to a street of buses , open shops	I went from this moonscape of war-destroyed buildings to this street of buses, open shops	1
You go from this moonscape of war-destroyed buildings to a street of buses , open shops	How to Go From This Moonscape of War-Destroyed Buildings to a Street of Buses, Open Shops	1
You go from this moonscape of war-destroyed buildings to a street of buses , open shops	You go from a moonscape of war-destroyed buildings to a street of buses, open shops" property	1
Was a Trump server communicating with a Russian bank ? These cyber experts believe so .	Using a Trump server to connect with a Russian bank, experts believe it is possible.	1
Was a Trump server communicating with a Russian bank ? These cyber experts believe so .	A Trump server was communicating with a Russian bank, cyber experts say.	1
I spent hours with Omar Mateen's wife . Here is what she said .	H & amp ; I spent hours with Omar Mateen's wife. Heres What She Said	1
The internet is distorting our collective grasp on the truth , @fmanjoo writes	How the Internet Is Distorting Our Grip on the Truth @FMANJOO	1
CDC identifies first US cases of drug-resistant fungal infection	First US cases of drug-resistant fungal infection CDC is one of the first	1
CDC identifies first US cases of drug-resistant fungal infection	First US cases of drug-resistant fungal infection CDC is investigating	1
Huh , a suggestion of violent retaliation outside the law . Where did that come from ?	A suggestion of violent retaliation outside of the law, where did that come from?	1
Huh , a suggestion of violent retaliation outside the law . Where did that come from ?	Huh, sounds like a form of violent revenge outside the law, from where did that come?	1
Volkswagen parts ways with the historian who chronicled its Nazi past	VW Parts Ways With the Historian Who Chronicled Its Nazi Past	1
Volkswagen parts ways with the historian who chronicled its Nazi past	VW Parts Ways With Historian Who Chronicled Nazi Past	1
Volkswagen parts ways with the historian who chronicled its Nazi past	VW Parts Ways With the Historian Who Chronicled Its Nazi Past.	1
One thing is clear the F.B.I. director destroyed his own reputation , writes @paulkrugman	It was clear that the FBI director destroyed his own reputation," writes Paul Krugman.	1
While Beyonc performed , Hillary Clintons words from 24 years ago appeared on a screen above the stage	As Beyonc Performs, Hillary Clintons Words From 24 Years Av appeared on a Screen Above the Stage	1
Students at Harvard grappled with the revelations of the men's soccer team's lewd " scouting report .	Harvard Students Worked With the Enquiries of the Men's Soccer Team's Lewd Scouting Report	1
Students at Harvard grappled with the revelations of the men's soccer team's lewd " scouting report .	Harvard students grappled with the revelations of a'lewd'scouting report, by the men's soccer team.	1
Trump , handed the political gift of the century , goes back to praising Vladimir Putin .	Trump, given the political gift of the century, goes back to praising Putin. " property	1
Trump , handed the political gift of the century , goes back to praising Vladimir Putin .	Trump, Given the Political Gift of the Century, Goes Back to Prraising Vladimir Putin	1
Kellyanne Conway deflects on the Trump campaign's claims of an assassination attempt	Conway deflects on Trump's claims of assassination attempt.	1
Live 2016 election results , as they come in	2016 Election Results As They Come In	1
Come inside the media pen at a @realDonaldTrump rally with our Daily360 video	Watch and Listen to @Daily360 Video Put the Media Pen at a Trump Rally	1
Donald Trump on Hillary Clinton aide Thank you , Huma . Good job , Huma	Trump says Clinton aide'thanks you, Huma. Good job, Huma	1
Donate to EFF . Defend the future of freedom . We need it now more than ever .	Please support #eFF by investing in EFF. Defend the future of freedom. We need it now more than ever.	1
Beware , iPhone Users Fake Retail Apps Are Surging Before Holidays	Beware, iPhone users fake retail apps are surging before&nbsp;holidays	1
President Obama to Hillary Clinton volunteers Ignore the " noise and distractions	Obama tells volunteers @HillaryClinton Ignore the'noise and distractions	1
Would you let an algorithm choose the next US president ?	Do You Care to Let an Algorithm Choose the Next US President?	1
It may be especially painful to James Comey that some are comparing him to J .	James Comeys Comparison with J may be a painful one to James Comey.	1
It may be especially painful to James Comey that some are comparing him to J .	James Comey's Comparison with J may be particularly painful to Comey	1
We have loaded a gun and put it in the hands of a lunatic .	Then we loaded a gun in the hands of a lunatic.	1
We have loaded a gun and put it in the hands of a lunatic .	We have loaded a gun in the hands of a lunatic.	1
We underestimated as Americans how deep our hatred was of the other	Americans underestimated how deep our hatred for the other was.	1
As of June , Bill Clinton still had a locker at Donald Trump's golf club , @MaureenDowd writes	Bill Clinton had a locker at Donald Trump's golf club As of June, Clinton Still Had a Locker, writes @MaureenDowd	1
gets his hands on a photo of that portrait that Trump brought for himself	So, this guy gets his hands on a photo of this portrait #Trump brought him	1
The evidence is now overwhelming One type of charter school has repeatedly shown impressive results	The evidence is overwhelming Charter Schools have shown impressive results.	1
More detail on who voted for Donald #Trump . Based on exit polling so treat with caution	More detail on who voted for @realDonaldTrump. Based on exit polling so treat with caution.	1
More detail on who voted for Donald #Trump . Based on exit polling so treat with caution	More detail on who voted for &ldquo;Trump&rdquo;. Based on exit polling so treat with caution.	1
This path that this country has taken has never been a straight line . We zig and zag .	This path this country has never been a straight line. We zig zag.	1
North Carolina early voting trends are strongly consistent with the polls	Early voting in North Carolina strongly aligns with polls	1
North Carolina early voting trends are strongly consistent with the polls	Early Voting in North Carolina Strongly Consistent With Polls in NC	1
Jury finds reporter , Rolling Stone responsible for defaming U-Va . dean with gang rape story	Jury finds reporter, Rolling Stone responsible for defaming U-Va dean. with gang rape story.	1
Jury finds reporter , Rolling Stone responsible for defaming U-Va . dean with gang rape story	Rolling Stone found guilty of libel of U-Va dean, gang rape story	1
UK government must consult Parliament before triggering Article 50 to leave EU , High Court rules	High Court rules UK government must consult Parliament before triggering Article 50 to leave EU	1
Why Tesla's new solar roof tiles and home battery are such a big deal	Why Tesla's new solar roof tiles and home battery are such a big&nbsp;deal	1
Why Tesla's new solar roof tiles and home battery are such a big deal	Why Teslas New Solar Roof Tiles and Home Battery Are such a Big&nbsp;Deal	1
Twitter still might save Vine by selling it	Twitter still might save Vine by selling&nbsp;it	1
Twitter still might save Vine by selling it	Twitter might still save Vine by selling&nbsp;it	1
Twitter still might save Vine by selling it	Twitter might be saving #Vine by selling&nbsp;it	1
Hong Kong elected 2 separatists to its legislature . China took drastic action .	Hong Kong Set to Elect 2 Separatists to its Legislative Secessionists, China Takes Drastic Action	1
It took 108 years . But the Chicago Cubs have ended the longest title drought in baseball .	Chicago Cubs End 108-Year Longest Title Ditch in Baseball	1
A polling location in Azusa , California , is currently on lockdown after a shooting happened nearby	Azusa polling station on lockdown after shooting nearby	1
BleachBit selling ' cloth or something in homage to Clinton	BleachBit is selling 'cloth or something' in homage to Clinton.	1
The Cubs end 108 years of heartbreak	The Cubs end their 108 years of heartache.	1
North Carolina county requests voting hours extension after glitch	a North Carolina county asks for an vote extension after glitch	1
North Carolina county requests voting hours extension after glitch	A North Carolina county requests an extension of voting hours after a glitch	1
If youre a fan of baseball , this is the best outcome that you could possibly hope for in a World Series	If you&rsquo;re a fan of baseball, this is the best outcome that you could possibly hope for in a World Series.	1
If youre a fan of baseball , this is the best outcome that you could possibly hope for in a World Series	If you&rsquo;re a fan of baseball, this is the best outcome that you could possibly hope for in a World Series game.	1
If youre a fan of baseball , this is the best outcome that you could possibly hope for in a World Series	Baseball Fans are Getting the Best Out Of This World Series	1
Russian President Putin backs plan to banish Microsoft from government offices , state firms	Putin backs plan to ban Microsoft from government offices, state firms & amp ; s	1
Knock yourself out , John 67 . Everybody needs a hobby .	For John 67, Knocking Yourself Out, Everybody Needs a Hobby	1
In World Series Game 7 , the Cubs did not so much beat the Indians as survive them	In Game 7 of the World Series, the Cubs did not beat the Indians as much as the Cubs did to survive.	1
On Election Day , our turnout projections will tell you whos leading before the polls close	On Election Day, our turnout projections will tell you who&rsquo;s leading before the polls close.	1
On Election Day , our turnout projections will tell you whos leading before the polls close	On Election Day, our Election Turnout Projects Will Tell You Who&rsquo;s Leading before the Polls Close	1
On Election Day , our turnout projections will tell you whos leading before the polls close	Our turnout projections will tell you who&rsquo;s leading on Election Day before the polls close	1
Before you step out for Halloween in your sexy Harambe costume , consult our handy chart	Check out this handy chart before you step out for Halloween in your sexy Harambe costume	1
Before you step out for Halloween in your sexy Harambe costume , consult our handy chart	Check out this handy chart to guide you on Halloween. Before you step out in your sexy Harambe costume, consult this handy chart.	1
The Onion is struggling to satirize this election and " put into words how horrible this experience has been	The Onion is struggling to satirize this election & amp ; tell how terrible this experience has been	1
Facebook threatens LinkedIn with job opening features	Facebook threatens LinkedIn w/job opening features!	1
President Obama to black voters Donald Trump would undo my legacy	Obama to black voters Trump would undo my legacy Obama to the black people	1
For First Time , Openly LGBT Governor Elected Oregon's Kate Brown	For the First Time, Oregons Kate Brown Elected an Openly LGBT Governor	1
For First Time , Openly LGBT Governor Elected Oregon's Kate Brown	An Openly LGBT Governor elected Kate Brown to Oregon's ballot for the First Time	1
For First Time , Openly LGBT Governor Elected Oregon's Kate Brown	For the first time, Oregon's Kate Brown elects its first openly LGBT governor	1
For First Time , Openly LGBT Governor Elected Oregon's Kate Brown	Oregon's Kate Brown elected as the first openly LGBT Governor.	1
For First Time , Openly LGBT Governor Elected Oregon's Kate Brown	For the first time, Oregon's Kate Brown has been elected as openly LGBT governor.	1
For First Time , Openly LGBT Governor Elected Oregon's Kate Brown	Oregon's Kate Brown elected a first Openly LGBT Governor	1
Don't even THINK about taking a selfie when you vote in these states	Dont even think about taking a selfie when voting in these states	1
Trump is on the ballot , and were talking about emails . What the hell are we doing ?	WHILE READY. Trump Is on Ballot, Talk About Emails. What the Hell Are We Doing?	1
Will there be another end-of-the-week surprise in the U.S. presidential race ?	This Week in U.S. Presidency Race: Will There Be Another End-of-the-Week Surprise?	1
Trump has " almost certainly " lost Nevada amid surge of Latino votes in key states .	Trump " almost certainly " lost Nevada as Latino vote surge continues in key states	1
Trump has " almost certainly " lost Nevada amid surge of Latino votes in key states .	Trump'almost certainly'lost Nevada, as Latino mania continues to hit key states	1
Trump has " almost certainly " lost Nevada amid surge of Latino votes in key states .	Trump loses Nevada " almost certainly " thanks to Latino influx in key states	1
Trump has " almost certainly " lost Nevada amid surge of Latino votes in key states .	Trump Has'Almost Certainly'Lost Nevada after Latino Votes Surge in Key States	1
Race officials and a Russian sports agent are under federal scrutiny	Russian sport agent and race officials under federal scrutiny	1
Race officials and a Russian sports agent are under federal scrutiny	Russian sports agent and race officials under federal scrutiny	1
Some pretty decent costumes have been designed for kids in wheelchairs in the US	Design some pretty decent costumes for kids in wheelchairs in the US	1
Hillary Clinton's emails Did the FBI director abuse his power ?	Hillary Clintons Emails Did the F.B.I. Director Abuse His Power?	1
99 percent chance foreign agencies breached Clinton server , sources say	99 percent chance foreign agencias breached Clinton server, sources say	1
This is the moment where America stands up for our best selves .	America is at the moment where we stand up for our best selves.	1
Forget your old alarm system . This drone will protect your house .	Forget Your Old Alarm System. This #Drone Will Protect Your #Home.	1
California and Massachusetts have legalized recreational marijuana use , reflecting national shift in attitudes	A national shift in attitudes was driven by California and Massachusetts' legalizing marijuana	1
Hundreds of people are flocking to Susan B . Anthony's grave on	Hundreds flocking to Susan B. Anthony's grave" property	1
Vine founders ' Hype app blends live video into a rich multimedia mix	Vine founders' Hype app blends live video into a rich multimodal mix	1
NYC unveils possible routes for streetcar in Brooklyn and Queens	New NYC Streetcar Routes Unveiled for Brooklyn & amp ; Queens	1
How did all our political norms get destroyed ? It started long before Trump	How Did All Our Political Rorts Get Destroyed? It Started Long Before Trump	1
How did all our political norms get destroyed ? It started long before Trump	How All Our Political Normes Got Stolen. You start long before Donald Trump!	1
Amazon rolls out Rapids , a chat style reading app for kids	Amazon rolls out Rapids, a chat-style reading app for&nbsp;children	1
Amazon rolls out Rapids , a chat style reading app for kids	Amazon releases Rapids, a chat style reading app for&nbsp;children	1
Amazon rolls out Rapids , a chat style reading app for kids	The #Amazon is rolling out Rapids, a chat style/Reading App for&nbsp;Kids	1
Amazon rolls out Rapids , a chat style reading app for kids	Amazon rolls out Rapids, a chat style reading app for&nbsp;kids	1
Trump will speak soon at his victory party .	Trump will speak soon at his victory party's.	1
Why its so hard to create unbiased artificial intelligence	Why its so hard to create unbiased #AI	1
Why its so hard to create unbiased artificial intelligence	Why its so hard to create unbiased AI	1
Why its so hard to create unbiased artificial intelligence	Why its so hard to create unbiased Artificial&nbsp;intelligence	1
Why its so hard to create unbiased artificial intelligence	What makes this task hard to create unbiased Artificial&nbsp;intelligence?	1
Why its so hard to create unbiased artificial intelligence	Why its so hard to create unbiased 'AI	1
Why its so hard to create unbiased artificial intelligence	Why its so hard to create unbiased&nbsp;AI	1
North Carolina is using " insane " Jim Crow-style voter suppression .	In North Carolina, Is Used " Insane " Jim Crow-Style Voter Suppression.	1
I congratulated Hillary Clinton " on a very , very hard-fought campaign	congratulate @HillaryClinton on a very, very hard-fought campaign.	1
I congratulated Hillary Clinton " on a very , very hard-fought campaign	Congratulations to @HillaryClinton " on a very, very hard-fought campaign	1
Hillary Clinton's challenge Make Donald Trump unacceptable again	How Hillary Clinton's challenge to Donald Trump will make her challenge even more unacceptable again	1
FBI Director Comey has to go .	@FBI Director James Comey Must Go	1
FBI Director Comey has to go .	FBI Director James Comey MUST GIVEN.	1
Better red than dead ? That might explain why fall foliage gets so fiery .	Red is better, than dead. That might explain why the fall foliage gets so fiery.	1
The world's shortest international commercial flight is just 8 minutes long	Worlds shortest international business flight only takes 8 mins	1
The world's shortest international commercial flight is just 8 minutes long	World's shortest international commercial airline. Just 8 minutes	1
Trump feuded with a Gold Star family and attacked the country's most famous POW . Here's why other veterans back him	Trump Fell Flat With a Gold Star Family, and Attacked Country's Most Famous POW. Heres Why Other Veterans Back Him.	1
Trump feuded with a Gold Star family and attacked the country's most famous POW . Here's why other veterans back him	Donald Trump Fled With a Gold Star Family and Attacked the Countrys Most Famous POW. Heres Why Other Veterans Back Him	1
amp ; @BarackObama Have ' Completely Corrupted ' the State Dept , DOJ	President-elect Barack Obama'Completely Corrupted' the State Dept, DOJ	1
amp ; @BarackObama Have ' Completely Corrupted ' the State Dept , DOJ	& amp ; Obama Have'Completely Corrupted & amp ; Corrupted'the State Dept, DOJ	1
There are playlists for birthing . How about a playlist for dying ?	playlist for birth, if you want it, how about a playlist for dying?	1
There are playlists for birthing . How about a playlist for dying ?	Playlists for birthing. Why Not A Playlist for Dying?	1
There are playlists for birthing . How about a playlist for dying ?	There Are Playlists for Birthing. How about a playlist for Dying? nn in a minute.	1
This program lets thousands of undocumented immigrants visit Mexico , which they left as kids . It could be canceled .	This program lets thousands of undocumented immigrants visit Mexico they left as kids. Could be cancelled	1
In her #election2016 concession speech , @HillaryClinton had this message for young people .	In her concession speech at #Election2016, Hillary Clinton had this message for young people.	1
In her #election2016 concession speech , @HillaryClinton had this message for young people .	Hillary Clinton had this message for young people in her concession speech at the 2016 election	1
In her #election2016 concession speech , @HillaryClinton had this message for young people .	Hillary had this message for young people in her concession speech at the 2016 election.	1
In her #election2016 concession speech , @HillaryClinton had this message for young people .	In her concession speech at the 2016 election, Hillary Clinton had this message for young people.	1
This cannot be emphasized enough Facebook is a unique enabler of misinformation	This cannot be emphasized enough: #Facebook is a unique enabler of misinformation	1
This cannot be emphasized enough Facebook is a unique enabler of misinformation	This cannot be emphasized enough : Facebook, a unique enabler of misinformation.	1
Facebook Messenger is testing " Instant Games " from developers like King	Facebook Messenger is testing'Instant Games'from developers like King & amp ; King	1
Facebook Messenger is testing " Instant Games " from developers like King	Facebook Messenger is testing instant games w/King.	1
CNN's Zucker must come clean on Brazile probe	CNN's Zucker to Come Clean on Brazile STOCKDOWN	1
You signed a pledge Rick Santorum calls out John Kasich and several fellow Republicans	Santorum Calls Out Kasich and Other GOP Leaders Who Signed a Pledge	1
Eric Trump may have broken law with ballot tweet .	Eric @realDonaldTrump may have broken a law with his tweet	1
This is a story of love lost over social media .	This is a story of how love lost over social media.	1
An intriguing , totally not recommended method for clearing your earwax	This is a fantastic method for clearing earwax, but sadly not recommended.	1
The Justice Department has obtained a warrant allowing it to search Huma Abedin's emails	Justice Department obtains warrant to search Abedin emails	1
The Candy Hierarchy , 2016 edition A definitive list of #Halloween's best and worst treats	The Candy Hierarchy for 2016 -- A definitive list of #Halloween's best and worst treats" property	1
North Carolina could be the state on which the 2016 presidential race hangs	North Carolina could become the hot seat of the 2016 presidential race	1
North Carolina could be the state on which the 2016 presidential race hangs	NC could be the state where the 2016 presidential race hangs	1
North Carolina could be the state on which the 2016 presidential race hangs	How North Carolina Might Be the Place to Hang the 2016 Presidential Race	1
Ghirmay Ghebreslassie of Eritrea was a firs t-t ime winner in the New York City Marathon	A New York City Marathon Starter Ghirmay Ghebreslassie of Eritrea was a firs winner	1
For centuries , no one looked inside until last week	Since the beginning of time, no one looked inside, until this week.	1
Game of Thrones ' author isn't writing . He's campaigning for Clinton .	Game of Thrones'author isn&rsquo;t writing. He&rsquo;s campaigning for Clinton.	1
Justice Department to North Carolina stop purging black voters from the rolls .	Justice Dept. in North Carolina tells Carolinas black voters to stop "purging from the rolls".	1
Justice Department to North Carolina stop purging black voters from the rolls .	Justice Department tells North Carolina to stop black voter purging from the rolls	1
Justice Department to North Carolina stop purging black voters from the rolls .	#JusticeDepartment in North Carolina Stop Purging Black Voters From the Rolls.	1
Donald Trump wins Alaska , CBS News projects	Trump wins Alaska, CBS News projects CBS News	1
Kellyanne Conway reacts to false reports of a gun at Trump rally	Conway reacts to false reports of gun at Trump rally Kellyanne Conway reacts to	1
Tesla acquires Grohmann engineering to boost production	Tesla acquires Grohmann engineering to boost&nbsp;production	1
A call to action for journalists covering President Trump	Journalism Journalists Covering Trump: A Call to Action	1
This was a whitelash against a changing country	This was a Whitelash against aChanging Country	1
Many churches in Zimbabwe now accept tithes by debit cards , cellphone payments or wire transfers	Many churches in Zimbabwe now accept titites through debit cards, cellphone payments or wire	1
A lot can go wrong when you try to project election results in real time	Expect a lot to go wrong when it comes to Projecting Election Results in Real Time	1
Rep. Adam Schiff Im not sure " what James Comey can say to clean up the mess he has made	Rep. Adam Schiff I'm not sure what James Comey can say : clean up'the mess he has made	1
If Hillary Clinton Moves to Oval Office , Aides Baggage May Be Heavy	Hillary Clinton's Aides Baggage May Be Heavy If she Moves to Oval Office	1
If Hillary Clinton Moves to Oval Office , Aides Baggage May Be Heavy	Clinton Aides Baggage Might Be Heavy If Clinton Moves to Oval Office	1
AP POLL ALERT Duke runaway No . 1 in preseason AP Top 25 mens hoops poll ; Kentucky is No .	Duke Runaway No. 1 in AP Top 25 Men's Basketball Poll Before Season, Kentucky Is No.	1
Area Woman Travels 800 Miles To Find Something Funny About This Election	Where Woman Travels 800 Miles To Find Something Funny About This Election	1
Early voting data in 3 key states show a spike in Latino turnout	Early Voting Signs of a Rise in Latino Turnout In 3 Key States	1
National Enquirer paid $150G for Trump affair story , then quashed it	National Enquirer Pays $150G for Trump Affair, then Quits It	1
National Enquirer paid $150G for Trump affair story , then quashed it	The National Enquirer paid $150G for Trump Affidah, and then quashed it	1
National Enquirer paid $150G for Trump affair story , then quashed it	This is the kind of thing! National Enquirer paid $150G for Trump affair story, then cashed it	1
Tesla unveils its solar roof and Powerwall 2	Teslaâ€™s unveils its solar roof & amp ; Powerwall 2	1
Tesla unveils its solar roof and Powerwall 2	#Tesla unveils its Solar Roof & amp ; Powerwall 2	1
Donald Trump's extremist supporters feel like winners either way	Trump's extreme supporters feel like winners either way!	1
Investigators find body at rural S . Carolina farm after rescuing woman " chained up like a dog " in shipping container	Investigators find body on a rural South Carolina farm after rescue of a woman chained " like a dog " in a shipping container	1
Mexico has a " contingency plan " if Donald Trump wins the US presidential election	Mexico has a " contingency plan " if @realDonaldTrump wins the US presidential election	1
California has the nations strictest gun laws . An initiative may push those laws even further .	California & amp ; the world's strictest gun laws. An initiative could push those laws even further.	1
Thousands protested in Hong Kong against what they consider a legal overreach by Beijing	Protesters Against a Law Over Reach by Beijing Thousands protested in Hong Kong	1
Last chance to save big on early bird tickets to Disrupt London	Disrupt London is here! Last chance to save big on early bird tickets.	1
Bryan Cranston is the latest celebrity who vows to leave the U.S. if #DonaldTrump wins	Bryan Cranston is the latest celebrity who vows to leave the United States if Trump wins.	1
Bryan Cranston is the latest celebrity who vows to leave the U.S. if #DonaldTrump wins	Bryan Cranston Is the Latest Celeb Who Vows to Leave the U.S. If Trump Wins	1
Bryan Cranston is the latest celebrity who vows to leave the U.S. if #DonaldTrump wins	Bryan Cranston Is the Latest Celebrity Who Vows to Leave the U.S. If Trump Wins	1
Bryan Cranston is the latest celebrity who vows to leave the U.S. if #DonaldTrump wins	Bryan Cranston Is the Latest Celebrity Who Vows To Leave the United States if Trump Wins	1
Bryan Cranston is the latest celebrity who vows to leave the U.S. if #DonaldTrump wins	Bryan Cranston Is the Latest Celebrity Who Vows To Leave The US If Trump Wins	1
The real problem with power posing ? It assumes alpha male confidence is worth mimicking	Why is this? The Real Problem With Power Posing? It Presupposes Alpha Male Confidence Is Worth Imitating	1
The real problem with power posing ? It assumes alpha male confidence is worth mimicking	The real problem with power posing is that the assumptions that Alpha male confidence is worth mimicking.	1
Hacked email appears to show DOJ official tipping Clinton campaign about review	Hacked Email Shows DOJ Official Tipping Clinton Campaign About Review ht	1
Hard-line Islamists marched in Jakarta , demanding that the Christian governor be jailed .	Hard-line Islamists March in Jakarta Demand Christian Governor Be Jailed	1
Hard-line Islamists marched in Jakarta , demanding that the Christian governor be jailed .	Islamists Demand Christian Governor Be Jaded Indonesia'Hard-line Islamists March on Jakarta	1
Hard-line Islamists marched in Jakarta , demanding that the Christian governor be jailed .	Hard-line Muslims Marched in Jakarta and Demand Christian Governor Be Jade	1
Volkswagen has abruptly parted ways with the historian who chronicled its Nazi past	VW Exitees War With Historian Who Chronicled Nazi Past	1
Volkswagen has abruptly parted ways with the historian who chronicled its Nazi past	VW abruptly parted ways with the historian who chronicled its Nazi past	1
CNN severed ties with the Democratic strategist Donna Brazile	The cable news network has severing ties with Democratic strategist Donna Brazile.	1
Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouts of " Gun !	Donald Trump hustled offstage at NV rally after shouting'Gun!	1
New poll alert ! Trump leading in Arizona and Texas , but deadlocked in Georgia	New Poll Alert: Trump Leading in Arizona & amp ; Texas, but Deadlocked in Georgia	1
Obama to crowd in New Hampshire The fate of our democracy depends on what you do .	Obama To Crowd in New Hampshire Death of our Democracy Depends on What You Do	1
Gannett abandoned its bid for Tronc , the media company that owns The Los Angeles Times and The Chicago Tribune	Gannett Abandons Tribute For Tronc, the Los Angeles Times and Chicago Tribune	1
Leading the Mosul attack , under fire then trapped	Mosul attack, then trapped under fire at Mosul site	1
Leading the Mosul attack , under fire then trapped	Mosul attacks, led by Mosul, then trapped under fire	1
Leading the Mosul attack , under fire then trapped	Leading Mosul attack, then trapped under fire	1
President Obama pledged to help Donald Trump in his transition , saying " we are all rooting for his success	Obama Pledges to Help Trump in His Transition, Saying'We Are All Rooting for His Success'@CNNPolitics	1
President Obama pledged to help Donald Trump in his transition , saying " we are all rooting for his success	Obama pledged to help Trump in his transition " We are all rooting for his success " @CNNPolitics	1
officer killed after being hit by car during chase is identified	Officers killed after hitting car during chase, official says	1
Harvard mens soccer team is sidelined for vulgar " scouting report	Harvard Mens Soccer Team Is Sidelined for Viral'Scouting Report	1
Harvard mens soccer team is sidelined for vulgar " scouting report	Harvard Men&rsquo;s Soccer Team Is Sidelined for Vile&rsquo;s Scouting Report&rsquo;	1
Body on site where Anderson County , SC , woman found chained identified as Charlie Carver	Charlie Carver, identified as body on site where Anderson County, SC, woman found chained	1
ABC News staged crime-scene shot with police tape , photograph shows	ABC News staged crime-scene shot w/police tape, photograph shows	1
Would you pay $100 for a whiff of Welsh air ?	Would you pay $100 for a swig of Welsh air?	1
Here we go again Samsung just recalled millions of washing machines for exploding	Samsung recalled millions of washing machines after leak. Sorry to hear about it Samsung recalled millions of washing machines after an explosion	1
Aaaannnd the first round of polls are starting to close !	First Polls Are Starting to Close!	1
What did they call this ? A Jack in the Box taco ? Oh , come on , no you didn't .	a Jack in the Box taco! Oh no no I didnt.	1
What did they call this ? A Jack in the Box taco ? Oh , come on , no you didn't .	Oops, come on, No you didnt. It was a Jack in the Box taco.	1
What did they call this ? A Jack in the Box taco ? Oh , come on , no you didn't .	A jack in the box taco? Oh, come on, no you didnt.	1
What did they call this ? A Jack in the Box taco ? Oh , come on , no you didn't .	What Did They Call This? A Jack in the Box Taco? Oh, Come On, No You Didn&rsquo;t	1
Find Florida's results , broken out by county , here	Floridas election results, broken by county, are listed below	1
VoleCaster early vote estimate Clinton leads in Florida .	Clinton Leads in Florida, Based on VoleCastr Early Vote	1
Jon Stewart rips Donald Trump Dude , you live in a tower with your name on it in gold	Jon Stewart tells Trump: 'you live in a tower with your name on it in gold'" property	1
Beyonc's backup dancers even wore blue pantsuits , la Hillary Clinton	Beyoncs Backup Dancers Even Wore Blue Pantuits, La Hillary Clinton	1
Donald Trump is in a billing dispute with one of his own campaign aides	Trump in a Billing Debate With One of His Own Campaign Aides	1
After stock indexes plunged overnight , Wall Street opened calmly as markets absorbed Trump's presidential victory	After Stock Indexes Plunged Overnight, Wall Street Opened Still as Trump Wins Presidency	1
It really is unacceptable and insane that Trump got away with not releasing his taxes .	It really is insane that @realDonaldTrump got away with not releasing his tax returns.	1
Kellyanne Conway on Donald Trump staying on message He's doing it perfectly	Kellyanne Conway on Trump staying on message. Exactly what he's doing.	1
Kellyanne Conway on Donald Trump staying on message He's doing it perfectly	Conway on Trump staying on message. doing it perfectly.	1
Gut bacteria ' may help drugs fight cancer	Gut bacteria'may help drugs fight #Cancer" property	1
We are all becoming dumber by the minute . This has got to stop	Our society is becoming dumber by the minute. This must stop.	1
We are all becoming dumber by the minute . This has got to stop	So, this must stop. We are all becoming dumber by the minute.	1
He left America 13 years ago . Before the iPhone . He returned in August . Here's what he found	Exiting America 13 years ago. Before the iPhone. Returning in August. Here&rsquo;s What He Found.	1
He left America 13 years ago . Before the iPhone . He returned in August . Here's what he found	He left America 13 years ago. Before the iPhone. In August. Heres What He Found Here	1
He left America 13 years ago . Before the iPhone . He returned in August . Here's what he found	I left America 13 years ago. Before the iPhone. I returned in August. Here's what I found.	1
Finally , at long last , someone hacked Amazon's Alexa into one of those singing fish	Someone hacked Amazon's Alexa into one of those singing fish " at long last	1
After a sudden Islamic State attack in Kirkuk , fighters were looking for clues to strategy in corpses and cellphones	After a sudden IS attack in Kirkuk, fighters were searching for clues to strategy in corpses and cellphones.	1
After a sudden Islamic State attack in Kirkuk , fighters were looking for clues to strategy in corpses and cellphones	After ISIS-Breaking Kirkuk Attack, Fighters Spur Strategy in Corpses and Cellphones	1
After a sudden Islamic State attack in Kirkuk , fighters were looking for clues to strategy in corpses and cellphones	After a sudden ISIS attack in Kirkuk, fighters sought clues to strategy in corpses and cellphones	1
Inside @Intels race to build a newreality	Inside Intells race to build a new&nbsp;reality	1
Inside @Intels race to build a newreality	Inside Intel&rsquo;s race to build a new&rsquo;reality&rsquo;	1
Inside @Intels race to build a newreality	Inside Intel race to build a new reality	1
Inside @Intels race to build a newreality	Inside Intel race to build a new&nbsp;reality	1
Inside @Intels race to build a newreality	Inside Intel's Intel race to build a new&nbsp;reality	1
Inside @Intels race to build a newreality	Inside Intel's race to build a new&nbsp;reality	1
says @HillaryClinton will help with his goal of making kids ' " dreams become a reality .	Clinton tells @HillaryClinton he will help with his goal of making kids'dreams become a reality.	1
says @HillaryClinton will help with his goal of making kids ' " dreams become a reality .	Hillary Clinton says @HillaryClinton will help him with his goal of making kids'" dreams become a reality.	1
The weather wild card ! Rain on #Election2016 could affect turnout in a few key states .	Weather Wild Card! Rain on Election 2016 Could Effect Turnout in a Few Key States	1
The weather wild card ! Rain on #Election2016 could affect turnout in a few key states .	Weather Rarity: Rain on #Election2016 Could Impact Turnout in a Few Key Statens	1
The weather wild card ! Rain on #Election2016 could affect turnout in a few key states .	Weather Unseasonable is a. Forecasted rain on #Election2016 could affect turnout in a few key states.	1
The weather wild card ! Rain on #Election2016 could affect turnout in a few key states .	Weather Wild Card! Rain on Election 2016 Could Affect Turnout in Some Key States	1
You can't say yes to Trump and yes to common decency	You cant say yes to Trump and yes to the Common Decency You can't say "yes to" to Trump	1
Hillary Clinton has established a slim edge over Donald Trump in early-voter turnout in several swing states	Clinton Establishes Slim Edge Over Trump in Early Voter Turnout Several Swing States	1
unqualified " is the word you were looking for .	The word you were looking for was " unqualified.	1
unqualified " is the word you were looking for .	The word " unqualified " is what you were after.	1
America the beautiful's ugly election my final BBC blog of the campaign	A final BBC blog of the campaign America the Beautifulâ€™s Ugly Election	1
New statues honoring St. Vladimir , Ivan the Terrible and Stalin are popping up in Russia .	In Russia, new statues are emerging honouring Stalin, Ivan the Terrible and St. Vladimir.	1
New statues honoring St. Vladimir , Ivan the Terrible and Stalin are popping up in Russia .	New statues in Russia honoring Stalin, Ivan the Terrible and St. Vladimir are appearing.	1
Baby koala found in woman's backpack during traffic stop in Brisbane , Australia	Aussie koala found in woman's backpack A baby koala was found in her backpack after traffic stop in Brisbane	1
Baby koala found in woman's backpack during traffic stop in Brisbane , Australia	Baby Koala Finds Home in Womans Backpack During Traffic Stop in Brisbane, Australia	1
Trump has " almost certainly " lost Nevada amid surge of Latino votes in key states	Trump now has'almost certainly'lost Nevada, as Latinos surge across key states	1
Trump has " almost certainly " lost Nevada amid surge of Latino votes in key states	Trump has'almost certainly'lost Nevada, as Latino surge in key states	1
Trump has " almost certainly " lost Nevada amid surge of Latino votes in key states	Trump Has &ldquo;Almost Certainly&rdquo; Lost Nevada; As Latino Turnout Rises in Key States	1
Trump has " almost certainly " lost Nevada amid surge of Latino votes in key states	Trump has lost " almost certainly " Nevada as Latino votes surge in key states	1
Trump is addressing voters in Concord , North Carolina	Trump speaks to North Carolina voters in Concord	1
What's the cost of not offering paid sick leave ?	It costs money to pay for sick leave. Is there a reason why not offering paid leave?	1
We're giving all readers unlimited access to	To give all our readers unlimited access	1
This election is in danger of being stolen from Clinton , not by her , writes @CharlesMBlow	This Election Is in Gefahr of Being Stolen from @HillaryClinton, not Her, writes @CharlesMBlow	1
In her concession speech , Hillary Clinton took stock of her place as a role model for women	Clintons Concession Speech, Hillary Clinton Takes Stock of Her Place as Role Model for Women	1
My wife and family are hiding in the bathroom , ' says a doctor in Aleppo , Syria	A Doctor in Aleppo, Syria, Says My Wife and Family Are Hidden in the Bathroom	1
Key to Trumps More Disciplined Campaign ? He No Longer Controls Twitter Account	Key to Trump&rsquo;s More Disciplined Campaign? He No Longer Controls His Twitter Account	1
Which is a better helper , Google Home or Amazon Echo ? The 2 smart speakers face off .	What makes an Echo the better option? Google Home or Amazon Echo? 2 Ways to Answer Your Questions	1
Hillary Clinton will deliver remarks at 10:30 a.m. ET , according to her campaign .	Clinton to deliver remarks at 10:30 a.m. ET, according to campaign	1
Earthworm Dave enters the record books and could be " useful to science	Earthworm, Dave, enters record books and could be'useful to science" property	1
Earthworm Dave enters the record books and could be " useful to science	Earthworm'Dave'enters record books, could be useful to science	1
Earthworm Dave enters the record books and could be " useful to science	Dave, the earthworm, enters record books and could potentially be'useful to science'@CNNPolitics	1
heckled as he walks into polling station You're gonna lose !	heckled as he walks into polling station You&rsquo;re gonna lose!	1
heckled as he walks into polling station You're gonna lose !	heckled as he walks into the polling station You&rsquo;re gonna lose!	1
Facebook tried to buy Asian Snapchat clone Snow	Facebook try to buy #Snowmobile Asian Snapchat clone & amp ; Facebook try to buy #Snowmobile -	1
Google's Firebase developer platform gets better analytics , crash reporting and more	Googles Firebase developer platform gets better analytics, crash reporting&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and more	1
Google's Firebase developer platform gets better analytics , crash reporting and more	Googles Firebase developer platform gets better analytics, crash reporting&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and more	1
Google's Firebase developer platform gets better analytics , crash reporting and more	Google's Firebase developer platform gets better analytics, crash reporting&nbsp;and&nbsp;more	1
Google's Firebase developer platform gets better analytics , crash reporting and more	Googles Firebase developer platform gets better analytics, crash reporting & amp ; more	1
Google's Firebase developer platform gets better analytics , crash reporting and more	Googles Firebase Developer Platform Gets Better Analytics, Crash Reporting & amp ; More	1
Google's Firebase developer platform gets better analytics , crash reporting and more	Google&rsquo;s Firebase developer platform gets better analytics, crash reporting&nbsp;&nbsp;&rsquo; and more	1
Pentonville prison escapees named as cellmates James Whitlock , 31 , & amp ; Matthew Baker , 28	Pentonville escaped #Pentonville cellmates named as James Whitlock, 31, Matthew Baker, 28	1
People , we just put up a * video game editorial * on the NYT .	The Times has a new'video game editorial'out there.	1
Police identify suspect in fatal shooting of 2 Des Moines police officers Des Moines Register	2 Des Moines police officers fatally shot ; police identify suspect in shooting	1
Can you legally take a voting selfie ? That depends on where you are .	Can I legally take a voting selfie? Depending on where you are.	1
Hillary Clinton wins Dixville Notch's midnight vote	Clinton wins Dixville Notch midnight vote	1
Hillary Clinton wins Dixville Notch's midnight vote	Clinton wins Dixville Notch midnight vote Hillary Clinton wins	1
Former NFL player Kevin Turner diagnosed with CTE	Kevin Turner Diagnosed with T CTE Former NFL Player Kevin Turner Was Diagnosed With CTE	1
Wikileaks is now resorting to peddling Reddit conspiracy theories as " leaks	Wikileaks is now resorting to peddling Reddit conspiracy theories as &ldquo;leaks&rdquo;	1
She is very real and very large Meet the giant spider that will forever haunt your dreams	This giant spider that will haunt your dreams This spider is very real and very big.	1
Obama is campaigning for Hillary Clinton in Chapel Hill , North Carolina	Obama's campaign for Hillary Clinton reaches Chapel Hill	1
Mike Pence casts his vote on #ElectionDay in Indianapolis	Indy: Mike Pence casts his vote on Election Day	1
Lady Gaga at Clinton rally What I'm asking you is to be in this moment right now with us " and fight for the future	Gaga addressing Clinton rally what I'm asking you is " to be in this moment right now with us " and fight for the future" property	1
Lady Gaga at Clinton rally What I'm asking you is to be in this moment right now with us " and fight for the future	Lady Gaga at Clinton rally: "What I'm asking you is to be in this moment right now with us and fight for the future."" property	1
Huma Abedin appears to be laying low in the wake of the FBI's announcement	Huma Abedin Lies Low After F.B.I. Announcement	1
Huma Abedin appears to be laying low in the wake of the FBI's announcement	Huma Abedin lies low amid FBI announcement	1
Huma Abedin appears to be laying low in the wake of the FBI's announcement	Huma Abedin lies low amid #FBI revelations	1
Shades Of 2000 ? Clinton Surpasses Trump In Popular Vote Tally	A Tale From 2000, Clinton Surpasses Trump in Popular Vote Tally	1
I can't help but feel disrespected . What teenage girls are taking away from the election	What Teenage Girls Take After Election I can't help but feel disrespected	1
Early turnout tilts toward Democrats in swing states	Early turnout points Democratic in swing states	1
Early turnout tilts toward Democrats in swing states	Early voting tilts Democratic in swing states	1
Early turnout tilts toward Democrats in swing states	Early turnout indicates Democratic support in swing states.	1
Early turnout tilts toward Democrats in swing states	Early turnout is geared toward Democrats in swing states	1
The NES Classic Edition and all 30 games on it	The NES Classic Edition with all 30 games on&nbsp;it	1
The NES Classic Edition and all 30 games on it	NES Classic Edition and all 30 games on&nbsp;it	1
Nominate your choice for Best Startup Video in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Best Startup in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards Nominate your choice for Best Startup Video	1
Please 2016 , please . Anthony Weiner rides through sex addiction rehab on a horse	In 2016, Anthony Weiner Rides a Horse During Sex Addiction Rehab	1
Toll in south London tram derailment rises to 7 dead , police say	7 dead following tram derailment in South London, police say	1
The FBI had to build custom software to separate Huma Abedin's emails from Anthony Weiners emails	The FBI had to build custom software to separate Anthony Weiners emails from Huma Abedin's	1
After 2 years , Lebanon finally has a new president . But little else is resolved .	Lebanons New President After 2 Years, Not much to Say	1
Donald Trump said a Hillary Clinton win would create " an unprecedented constitutional crisis	Trump: 'A Hillary Clinton Win Would Create 'Unprecedented Constitutional Crisis'" property	1
Donald Trump said a Hillary Clinton win would create " an unprecedented constitutional crisis	Trump: 'A Hillary Clinton win would create an unprecedented constitutional crisis	1
Donald Trump said a Hillary Clinton win would create " an unprecedented constitutional crisis	Donald Trump Said Hillary Clinton Win Would Create &ldquo;Undeniable Constitutional Crisis&rdquo;	1
Video shows the massive plume of smoke and flames caused by a pipeline explosion in Alabama	Video Shows Massive Smoke and Flames of a Pipeline Explosion in Alabama	1
A refresher on how the Electoral College works	How the Electoral College Works A refresher	1
A refresher on how the Electoral College works	Learn How the Electoral College Works	1
A refresher on how the Electoral College works	How the Electoral College Works A refresher on how the electoral system works	1
A refresher on how the Electoral College works	How The Electoral College Works A refresher	1
A new official report says Malaysia Airlines #MH370 was spiraling fast in its final moments	Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 Was Spiraling Fast, New Official Report Says	1
The LEAST you can say about the GOP is that the party is anti-democratic Ht @xeni	What We Can Say About the GOP Is That Its Anti-Democratic Ht xeni!	1
The LEAST you can say about the GOP is that the party is anti-democratic Ht @xeni	How we can say less about the Republican Party is that it is anti-democratic Ht @xeni	1
How Trump Took Over the Media By Fighting It .	Trump Took Over the Media By Fighting It	1
Obama and VP Biden share an embrace I've lost elections before , Joe hasn't .	Obama and VP Biden Share Enembracing I've lost elections before, Joe haven't	1
Obama and VP Biden share an embrace I've lost elections before , Joe hasn't .	Obama and VP Biden embrace : " I've lost elections before, Joe hasn't	1
Partisan war is our way . Estonia trains a nation of insurgents	Patriotic War Is Our Way. Estonia Trains a Nation of Insurgents	1
Why would anyone do 5 Ironman triathlons in 5 days ? went to find out .	Why Would Anyone Do 5 Ironman Triathlons in 5 Days? I Want to Find Out	1
You can triage a dataset like this in a much shorter amount of time " said a former @FBI agent	We can triage this dataset in a much shorter time, writes one former FBI ai	1
At Trader Joe's , good cheer may hide worker complaints about treatment and safety lapses	At Trader Joes, Good Cheer May Hide Workers Concerns About Treatment & amp ; Safety Gaps	1
Illacme tobini has 414 legs and 4 penises	Lentillacme Tobini has 414 legs and 4 penises.	1
Illacme tobini has 414 legs and 4 penises	My ILlacme tobini is 414 legs and 4 penises	1
The impact of Obamacare , in 4 maps	What Impact of Obamacare in 4 Maps?	1
2 more days . Updates from the campaign trail	Two days to go. Latest from the campaign trail	1
It looks like North Carolinas LGBTQ-bashing Gov . Pat McCrory is out of a job	It looks like North Carolina&rsquo;s LGBTQ-Bashing Gov. Pat McCrory is out of a job	1
It looks like North Carolinas LGBTQ-bashing Gov . Pat McCrory is out of a job	It looks like NC&rsquo;s LGBTQ-bashing Gov. Pat McCrory is out of a job	1
Stars come out for Clinton as Trump brags he doesn't need them	Stars Come Out for Clinton As Trump Brags He Doesnt Need These Stars	1
Stars come out for Clinton as Trump brags he doesn't need them	Stars Come Out for Clinton as Trump Brags He Doesn&rsquo;t Need&rsquo;t Need Her	1
Stars come out for Clinton as Trump brags he doesn't need them	Stars come out for Clinton as Trump brags he doesn&rsquo;t need&rsquo;t need them	1
Trump says " Thank you Huma ! Thank you Anthony Weiner ! at rally in Grand Rapids , MI	Donald Trump, thanking Huma, thanking Anthony Weiner, at rally in Grand Rapids, MI	1
Justice Department to North Carolina Stop purging black voters from the rolls .	Justice Dept. calls on North Carolina to stop removing black votes from the rolls	1
The key to Trumps more disciplined campaign ? He no longer controls twitter account	The key to Trump&rsquo;s more disciplined campaign? He no longer controls his Twitter account	1
The key to Trumps more disciplined campaign ? He no longer controls twitter account	The key to Trump&rsquo;s more disciplined campaign? He no longer controls his Twitter account.	1
The key to Trumps more disciplined campaign ? He no longer controls twitter account	The key to Trump&rsquo;s more disciplined campaign? He no longer controls his twitter account.	1
The key to Trumps more disciplined campaign ? He no longer controls twitter account	key to Trump&rsquo;s more disciplined campaign? He no longer controls his Twitter account.	1
Clinton camp chair Podesta says Trump " inexplicably " attacked Jay Z , Beyonce I'm not sure that's smart for him	Clinton camp chair Podesta says Trump'inexplicably'attacked Jay Z, Beyonce.'I'm not sure that's smart for.	1
When @ABarnardNYT stepped off the bus in Aleppo on Wednesday , she found a war zone	On Wednesday, as AbarnardNYT stepped off a bus in Aleppo, she found a war zone.	1
Nancy Pelosi says she plans to vote in favor of a California proposition to legalize marijuana	Nancy Pelosi plans to vote in favor of California proposition to legalize #marijuana	1
The FBI didn't change its conclusions on Clinton's email case . Republicans say an announcement was made prematurely .	FBI Didnt Change Its Conclusions On Clinton Email Case Republicans Say Premature Announcement	1
The FBI didn't change its conclusions on Clinton's email case . Republicans say an announcement was made prematurely .	F.B.I. Didn't Change Its Conclusions on Clinton Email Case GOP Critics Call On An Announcement Early.	1
The FBI didn't change its conclusions on Clinton's email case . Republicans say an announcement was made prematurely .	The Congressional Press Service doesn't make a big change on Hillary Clintons email case the FBI hasn't changed any conclusions. Republicans say an announcement was made prematurely	1
Rwanda's tech initiatives prove African governments can catalyze innovation	Rwandan tech initiatives prove African governments can catalyze&nbsp;innovation	1
When the hardest part of 2016 has nothing to do with the campaign trail my #GirlsOnTheBus story	When the hardest part of 2016 has nothing to do with the campaign trail, heres my Girl on The Bus story	1
US Embassy in Jordan confirms American personnel in ' security incident ' amid reports 2 fatally shot	The US embassy in Jordan confirmed the United States personnel in'security incident'amid reports of 2 fatally shot. " property	1
At least seven people now confirmed as having died after tram derailed in Croydon , police say	Tram: Seven dead in Croydon tramway Accident	1
At least seven people now confirmed as having died after tram derailed in Croydon , police say	Seven dead after tram derailed in Croydon, police say	1
Helping more people vote would " cheapen the work " of civil rights heroes .	Voting more would cheapen the work of civil rights heroes	1
Here's how to choose between the least popular candidates of all time	Choose between the lesser-known candidates of all time	1
Here's how to choose between the least popular candidates of all time	Choose Between the Least Popular Candidates of All Time	1
What is blockchain , and why is it growing in popularity ?	What is #blockchain and why is it growing in popularity?	1
She has done an amazing job , and she is not done yet John Podesta says of Hillary Clinton	John Podesta says Hillary Clinton is amazing. That's the only thing she hasn't done yet.	1
People in this country get sick because they live alone . They don't get touched enough .	Americans are ill because they live alone. They don't get enough touched.	1
People in this country get sick because they live alone . They don't get touched enough .	In the USA, people who live alone get sick. Too many people don't get touched enough.	1
Here are the policy changes America can expect from Donald Trump	The policies and directions America can expect from @realDonaldTrump	1
Here are the policy changes America can expect from Donald Trump	What Policy Changes America Can Expect From Donald Trump	1
More Americans voted for Hillary Clinton than Donald Trump .	More Americans voted for @HillaryClinton than @realDonaldTrump.	1
Spectacular aerial photos of Australia's Lake Eyre .	Great photographic work Australia Lake Eyre from the sky	1
Spectacular aerial photos of Australia's Lake Eyre .	Australias Lake Eyre from the sky with spectacular views	1
Spectacular aerial photos of Australia's Lake Eyre .	The Australian Lake Eyre from the sky with some spectacular images.	1
Should we be scared of butter ?	Who should be scared of butter?	1
CNN's latest Electoral College map shows gains for Donald Trump	CNN's latest electoral college map shows gains for @realDonaldTrump	1
Final days of Trump's campaign a behind-the-scenes look at the squabbles , confusion and emotions	The Last Days of @realDonaldTrump's Campaign A Behind-the-Clinton View of the Squabbles, Mischief, and Emotions	1
Final days of Trump's campaign a behind-the-scenes look at the squabbles , confusion and emotions	The final days of Donald Trumps campaign A behind-the-scenes look at the squabbles, confusion & amp ; emotions	1
Final days of Trump's campaign a behind-the-scenes look at the squabbles , confusion and emotions	The final days of Trump's campaign, a behind-the-scenes look at his squabbles, confusion and emotions.	1
Final days of Trump's campaign a behind-the-scenes look at the squabbles , confusion and emotions	In the final days of Donald Trump's campaign, a behind-the-scenes look at squabbles, confusion and emotions	1
How Slate staffers are voting . Much pride from this former Slate staffer	What Slate Staffers Are Voting. Much Pride From This Former Slate Staffer.	1
A history of the slow , steady exploitation of our consciousness by TV commercials , war propaganda , tweets	A History of the Slow, Steady Exploration of Our Consciousness by TV Commercials, War Pa., Tweets	1
White House says President Obama called Donald Trump to congratulate him on his victory	Obama called Trump to congratulate him on victory White House says	1
This election was probably overdue for a " But why can't WHITE people say it " debate	This election was probably overdue for a " But why can't WHITE people sayit'debate	1
This election was probably overdue for a " But why can't WHITE people say it " debate	This election was probably overdue for a " But why can&squot;t WHITE people say&nbsp;debate&squot;	1
Time spent on social media could be associated with a longer life , a study found	Social media play a role in the longevity of a person's life, say Researchers	1
Time spent on social media could be associated with a longer life , a study found	Social Media Might Bring You Longer Life, Study Finds	1
Time spent on social media could be associated with a longer life , a study found	Social Media Could Have a Longer Life, Research Says	1
Time spent on social media could be associated with a longer life , a study found	Researchers exploring how time on social media could contribute to a longer life.	1
Donald Trump greets voters before he casts his vote on Everything's very good	Trump greets voters before he casts his vote on Everything&nbsp;very-good	1
Garth Brooks wins Country Music Association Award for Entertainer of the Year	Garth Brooks wins Entertainer of the Year! The award was announced via the Country Music Association	1
I've just received a call from Sec . She congratulated us on our victory .	I just received a call from Sec congratulating us on our victory.	1
Not all the Standing Rock Sioux are protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline	Not All Standing Rock Sioux Protesting Dakota Access Pipeline Not All Standing Rock Sioux Are Protesting	1
Fox News Electoral Scorecard Key states tilting toward Trump after FBI's October surprise	The 2016 Fox News Electoral Score Picks Key states have moved towards Trump after the October surprise from the FBI.	1
Not for this channel Podesta was wary of sending intel over Clinton server	Podesta was wary of sending intel over Clinton server " Not for this channel Podesta was wary of sending	1
A woman was killed after being pushed in front of an oncoming subway train at Times Square , police say	Woman Thrown in Front of Train at Times Square Subway Station Is Killed, police say	1
We looked at 130 million ballots from 2012 and found practically zero potential fraud	From 130 million ballots in 2012, we found virtually zero potential for fraud!	1
We looked at 130 million ballots from 2012 and found practically zero potential fraud	Check 130 Million Ballots from 2012 and find virtually zero fraud	1
We looked at 130 million ballots from 2012 and found practically zero potential fraud	We looked at 130 million ballots from 2012 & amp ; found virtually zero potential fraud	1
Could the US election polls be wrong ? We looked to the UK and Brexit polling to find out	Could the #election polls be wrong? We looked at the UK & amp ; #Brexit polls to find out	1
Donald Trump makes final pitch to Florida voters .	Donald Trump Makes FinalPitch to Florida Voters.	1
Melania Trump campaigning for anti-bullying is " hypocrisy	For Melania Trump's anti-bullying campaigning is'hypocrisy	1
Melania Trump campaigning for anti-bullying is " hypocrisy	Melania Trump says it's hypocrisy. It's BS Trump is campaigning for anti-bullying.	1
Melania Trump campaigning for anti-bullying is " hypocrisy	Melania Trumps Anti-Bullying Campaign Calls for'Hypocrisy	1
Turns out * this * is .	Turns out, is this.	1
Turns out * this * is .	Turns out is this	1
Turns out * this * is .	Turns out, this's it.	1
Turns out * this * is .	Turns out is this '.	1
Turns out * this * is .	Turns out, is this too.	1
Turns out * this * is .	Turns out, this is	1
The decline of the white voter How the electorate has changed in 2016	How the electorate has changed in 2016 The decline of the white voter	1
The decline of the white voter How the electorate has changed in 2016	The decline of the white voter The electorate has changed in 2016	1
Donald Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign	Trump Defied Skeptics Who Said He Would Never Run and the Veteran Politicians Who Spoffed at His Campaign	1
Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in newest version of Messenger	Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in Messenger'latest version'Facebook open sponsored messages	1
Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in newest version of Messenger	Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in Messenger newest version?	1
Trump continues to knock Mosul offensive , calls leaders ' group of losers	Donald Trump Continues to Bolt Mosul Open, Calls Leaders'Group of Losers	1
Trump continues to knock Mosul offensive , calls leaders ' group of losers	Trump Continues to Call Mosul Offensive, Calls Leaders'Group of Losers @CNNPolitics	1
Trump continues to knock Mosul offensive , calls leaders ' group of losers	Trump continues to push back at Mosul offensive calling leaders'group of losers'@CNNPolitics	1
Should games firms welcome or fear Chinese conquest ?	Chinese conquest should a 'Games Company' welcome or fear? 'YES.	1
Should games firms welcome or fear Chinese conquest ?	Games firms should welcome Chinese conquest or fear it	1
Should games firms welcome or fear Chinese conquest ?	Why Games Companies Should Welcome or Fear Chinese Conquest?	1
Should games firms welcome or fear Chinese conquest ?	What Should Games Companies Welcome or Fear Chinese Conquest?	1
Donald Trump brings baby onto rally stage in Tampa That's an early Trump fan .	Trump brings baby onto rally stage in Tampa That's an early #Trump fan.	1
Here is Donald Trump keeping an eye on Melania as she votes	Here Is Donald Trump Watching Melania Trump as She Votes	1
Here is Donald Trump keeping an eye on Melania as she votes	Here Is Donald Trump Looking Into Melania Trumps Vote	1
12 of our most memorable photographs from the 2016 U.S. presidential campaign	12 IMAGEABLE PHOTOS FROM THE 2016 US POTUS!! The most memorable presidential campaign pictures from the 2016 campaign	1
How white liberals really view black voters	How do white liberals see black voters?	1
Rolling Stone found liable for defamation for rape story	Rolling Stone liable for defamation after rape story	1
Can Donald Trump win ? Here's how he could pull it off	Can Donald Trump Win? Heres How to.	1
Can Donald Trump win ? Here's how he could pull it off	Can Donald Trump Win? Here&rsquo;s How to Do It	1
Can Donald Trump win ? Here's how he could pull it off	How #DonaldTrump could win! ht	1
If we don't win , this will be the single greatest waste of time , energy and money in my life Donald Trump said	If we don't win, this will be the single greatest waste of time, energy and&nbsp;money in my life&nbsp;Trump said	1
Libertarian VP nominee Bill Weld I'm here vouching for Mrs. Clinton	Libertarian VP nominee Bill Weld is here vouching for Hillary Clinton	1
Obama on Trump We are now all rooting for his success in uniting and leading the country	Obama on Trump " I am now all rooting for his success in uniting and leading the country." property	1
Germany will put the world's first hydrogen-powered zero-emission train into service in 2017	A hydrogen train will take the world's first zero-emission train into service in Germany in 2017..	1
Germany will put the world's first hydrogen-powered zero-emission train into service in 2017	In 2017 Germany plans to launch its first hydrogen powered, CO2-free train.	1
Moonlight ' is about as beautiful a movie as you are ever likely to see , " @aoscott writes	Oscott on Moonlight'Is About as Beautiful a Movie as You Are Ever Going to See	1
A good read & gt ; How to choose between the least popular candidates of all time	A Good Read Gt. How to Choose Between the Less Popular Candidates of All Time	1
The answer is embedded in the question .	The answer is in the question.	1
Third-party voters are " trading votes " with Clinton voters to defeat Trump	Third-party voters'trading votes with Clinton voters to defeat Trump.	1
Third-party voters are " trading votes " with Clinton voters to defeat Trump	3rd-party voters are " trading votes" with Clinton voters to defeat @realDonaldTrump	1
Fox News anchor It was a ' mistake ' to report possible Clinton Foundation indictment	Fox News anchor Is Mistaken to Report Possible Clinton Foundation Indictment	1
Hillary Clinton campaign staffers ' laptops stolen in Philadelphia	Clinton campaign staffers laptops stolen in Philly	1
Hillary Clinton campaign staffers ' laptops stolen in Philadelphia	Hillary Clinton campaign staffers'laptops stolen in Philadelphia" property	1
Hillary Clinton campaign staffers ' laptops stolen in Philadelphia	Clinton campaign staffers laptops stolen in Philly.	1
From 2003 to 2016 , see how Michelle Obama has evolved on the campaign trail	From 2003 to 2016, discover how Michelle Obama has evolved over the course of her campaign.	1
This is an historic night . The American people have spoken .	Its an historic night in American history. The American people have spoken.	1
This is an historic night . The American people have spoken .	A historic night in American history The American people have spoken	1
How journalists failed to predict Trump's victory	Journalists Failure to Predict Trump Win	1
How journalists failed to predict Trump's victory	Journalists Failed to Predict Trump Win	1
California woman faces possible jail time for selling signature dish online	CALIFORNIA woman faces possible jail time for selling online signature dish" property	1
Even as Turkish government blames Kurdish militants for bombing , ISIS claims responsibility .	As Turkey Blames Kurdish Insurgents for Bombing, ISIS Claims Retribution.	1
Even as Turkish government blames Kurdish militants for bombing , ISIS claims responsibility .	Despite Turkeys Blame Kurdish Forces for Bombing, ISIS Claims Responsibility	1
In Georgia , " KKK " and a swastika were painted on the route to the early voting site .	In Georgia, the route to the early voting site was painted'KKK'and a swastika.	1
In Georgia , " KKK " and a swastika were painted on the route to the early voting site .	In Georgia, the route to the early voting site was painted with KKK and a Swastika.	1
President Vladimir Putin of Russia congratulated Donald Trump , expressing hope for " a constructive dialogue	Putin of Russia congratulates Trump, expresses hope for'a constructive dialogue	1
President Vladimir Putin of Russia congratulated Donald Trump , expressing hope for " a constructive dialogue	Vladimir Putin of Russia congratulates Trump of'constructive dialogue	1
President Vladimir Putin of Russia congratulated Donald Trump , expressing hope for " a constructive dialogue	Putin of Russia congratulates Trump and calls for constructive dialogue	1
We are now all rooting for his success in uniting and leading our country President Obama on Donald Trump's win	We are now all rooting for his success in uniting and leading our country, Pres. Obama on Donald Trump's win	1
This isnt Watergate . But Comey and the F.B.I. are right to demand a fuller explanation .	It&rsquo;s Not Watergate. But Comey and the F.B.I. Are Right to Demand a Fuller Explaination.	1
This isnt Watergate . But Comey and the F.B.I. are right to demand a fuller explanation .	Its not Watergate. But Comey and the F.B.I. are right to demand a fuller explanation.	1
Obama criticized the FBI chief's handling of the Clinton email case We dont operate on incomplete information	Obama Critics Fbi Director for Handling Clinton Email Case We dont operate on Incomplete Information @CNNPolitics	1
Obama criticized the FBI chief's handling of the Clinton email case We dont operate on incomplete information	Obama Criticizes FBI Chief's Handling of Clinton Email Case We Don&rsquo;t Operate on Incomplete Information	1
Prince Harry warns the press about harassing his girlfriend Meghan Markle	Harry warns press about harassing girlfriend Meghan Markle	1
Two former Christie allies found guilty on all counts in #Bridgegate trial	Bridgegate - Two former allies of Gov. Chris Christie found guilty on all counts	1
How Moscow Uses Interpol to Pursue Its Enemies	Moscow Uses Interpol to Pursue Its Enemies	1
How a fake story about the Obamas and Hillary Clinton ensnared Sean Hannity	Fake story of Obamas and Hillary Clinton snares Sean Hannity	1
How a fake story about the Obamas and Hillary Clinton ensnared Sean Hannity	Fake story about Obamas, Hillary Clinton scares Sean Hannity.	1
How a fake story about the Obamas and Hillary Clinton ensnared Sean Hannity	Fake story about the Obamas, Hillary Clinton ensnares Sean Hannity.	1
Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta We're not going to have anything more to say tonight	Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta says he is not to speak tonight.	1
Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta We're not going to have anything more to say tonight	Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta says "I wouldn't say anything more tonight".	1
A German EU official reportedly referred to Chinese people as " slit-eyes " and " sly dogs " in a recent speech	German EU official reportedly refers to Chinese as'slit-eyes'and'sly dogs'in speech	1
THIS is the story of Election 2016	The Story of Election 2016	1
THIS is the story of Election 2016	This is the story of #Election2016	1
With Trump's win Silicon Valley investors start losing their damn minds	With Trump's win Silicon Valley investors start losing their damn&nbsp;minds	1
All of your Election Day FAQs , answered	All the Questions on Election Day	1
All of your Election Day FAQs , answered	Your Election Day FAQs and answered.	1
The contrasts between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump were on vivid display in the campaign's last full day	The contrasts between @HillaryClinton and @realDonaldTrump were on vivid display during the campaign's last full day.	1
We've been tracking turnout in seven swing states all day . Follow our latest estimates here	What we know all day long, we've been tracking turnout in seven swing states. Follow our latest estimates here.	1
Dems call for investigation on FBI leaks to Giuliani , Fox News .	Dems demand investigation into FBI leaks to Giuliani Fox News	1
Dems call for investigation on FBI leaks to Giuliani , Fox News .	Dems demand probe into FBI leaks to Giuliani via Fox News	1
Donald Trump's victory , on front pages worldwide	President-Elect Donald Trump's victory on front pages around the world	1
Donald Trump's victory , on front pages worldwide	Trumps victory on the front pages worldwide	1
Donald Trump's victory , on front pages worldwide	Donald Trump, on Front Pages Worldwide, Is a Reminder of His Victory	1
GOP election officials met secretly with industry donors hoping to sway ballot initiatives in their states	GOP Election Officials Meeting Secretly With Industry Donors Trying to Sway Ballot Initiatives in Their Counties	1
GOP election officials met secretly with industry donors hoping to sway ballot initiatives in their states	Republican officials meet secretly with industry donors aimed at swaying ballot initiatives in their states	1
Everybody is sad when their side loses an election we have to remember that we're actually all on 1 team .	Everybody is sad when their side loses an election, but when we&squot;re actually all on 1 team...	1
Everybody is sad when their side loses an election we have to remember that we're actually all on 1 team .	Everybody is sad when their side loses an election, but when we lose, we have to remind ourselves that we're all on one team.	1
What you need to know about startup boards	What startups need to know on startup boards	1
Fuck you , you unfunny , arrogant garbage fire	Fuck you, you laughable, arrogant garbage fire	1
How Donald Trump's alienation of key voting blocs has helped Democrats	Trump's alienation of key voting blocs has helped Democratic candidates.	1
How Donald Trump's alienation of key voting blocs has helped Democrats	How Trumps Alienation of Key Voting Blocks Has Helped Democrats	1
How Donald Trump's alienation of key voting blocs has helped Democrats	How Donald Trumps Alienation of Key Voting Blocks Has Helped Dems	1
How Donald Trump's alienation of key voting blocs has helped Democrats	Trump&rsquo;s alienation of key voting blocs has helped Democrats	1
Here are the winners of The New York Times Best Illustrated Childrens Books Awards for 2016	winners of the 2016 New York Times Best Illustrated Childrens Books Awards	1
Trump is not only a flawed politician , hes an indecent human being , writes @tomfriedman	Trump is a flawed politician, an indecent human being, writes @TomFriedman	1
Trump is not only a flawed politician , hes an indecent human being , writes @tomfriedman	Trump is a flawed politician, hes an indecent human being, writes @tomfriedman	1
This is what it's like when your team wins its first #WorldSeries in 108 years	What it's like when your team wins its first World Series in 108 years!	1
3 days left to go until the #USElection Trump and Clinton are eyeing the battleground states	3 days left before US Election. With Trump and Clinton Eyeing Battleground States	1
3 days left to go until the #USElection Trump and Clinton are eyeing the battleground states	3 days left until the US election! Trump and Clinton See Battleground States	1
3 days left to go until the #USElection Trump and Clinton are eyeing the battleground states	3 days to go Until the #USElection. Trump and Clinton Eye Battleground State	1
Canada military probes mysterious Arctic pinging noise	Whats up Canada? Military probe probes Arctic pinging noise	1
Canada military probes mysterious Arctic pinging noise	Canadian spy probe probes Arctic pinging noise	1
State Department contractors detail how Clinton and her team ignored security rules	State Department contractors describe Clinton's team ignored security rules	1
FBI shares file on Clinton pardon of Marc Rich .	FBI share documents about Rich's pardon of Clinton	1
offers " swifter UK border clearance " for Indian business travellers	Quicker UK Border Clearance " for Indian Business Travelers	1
offers " swifter UK border clearance " for Indian business travellers	UK border clearance faster for Indian business travellers.	1
YouTube upgrades its comments system to give creators more control	YouTube upgrades its comments system to give creators more&nbsp;control	1
YouTube upgrades its comments system to give creators more control	YouTube updates its comments system to give creators more&nbsp;control	1
A madman has been given the keys to the surveillance state	The key to the surveillance state? A madman, given the keys to the	1
Nearly half of Americans didn't vote not even for Harambe	Nearly half of Americans didn&rsquo;t vote&rsquo;t even vote for Harambe&rsquo;s!	1
Bill Baroni ignored increasingly agitated messages from the Fort Lee mayor about " an urgent matter of public safety	Bill Baroni. Bill Baroni ignored increasingly agitated messages from the Fort Lee Mayor about an urgent matter of public safety''''	1
So , I wrote about Trump and race . probably not what you think , tho .	What I wrote about Trump and race was probably not what you think	1
Primo Toys rolls out Cubetto , a wooden robot that teaches kids to code	First toys introduce Cubetto, a wooden robot that teaches kids to code	1
We asked women in Saudi Arabia to tell us about their lives . Here's what they said .	Saudi women tell us about their lives.	1
Voters in California , Massachusetts and Nevada approved recreational marijuana	recreational use of marijuana! Voters in California, Massachusetts, and Nevada Authorized to Use It	1
An intriguing , totally not-recommended method for clearing your earwax	A fantastic, and not-so-good, method for clearing earwax	1
Meet the man who spent $9 million on a license plate	This is a man with a nine million dollar license plate! He's got that.	1
Wisconsin projected by ABC News for @realDonaldTrump .	Wisconsin projected by ABC News for Donald Trump.	1
Wisconsin projected by ABC News for @realDonaldTrump .	Wisconsin projected for Donald Trump by ABC News.	1
Wisconsin projected by ABC News for @realDonaldTrump .	Wisconsin is projected by ABC News for Donald Trump.	1
NYU professor who blasted PC culture is booted from classroom	NYU prof who blasted PC culture is booted from class.	1
New Delhi to close its schools for the first time ever because of air pollution	Delhi Closes Its Schools for the First Time Ever Amidst Air Pollution	1
Bud is a UK startup that wants to re-bundle all of your fintech apps into one fintech app	Bud is a UK startup that wants to re-bundle all your fintech apps into one & amp ; fintech app	1
Some of the world's largest banks are financing the Dakota pipeline . Now they're under fire from environmentalists .	Environmentalists Criticize Some of the Worlds Largest Banks Creating Dakota Pipeline	1
Someone hacked Trump's website and left a poop emoji on it	Someone hacked the Trump site and left a Poop emoji on it's?	1
I'm just a headline the bad president , the bad guy , who is killing the good guys	Is Just a Headline: the Bad President, the Bad Guy, Who Is Killing the Good	1
No , " Emailgate " is not worse than Watergate	Emailgate Is Not Worse Than Watergate.	1
No , " Emailgate " is not worse than Watergate	Emailgate is no more " watergate " than	1
No , " Emailgate " is not worse than Watergate	Emailgate Is No Worse Than Watergate.	1
Donald Trump casts his ballot in the 2016 election .	Trump casts his ballot in 2016 election	1
Donald Trump casts his ballot in the 2016 election .	Donald Trump of Trump casts his ballot in the 2016 election.	1
Donald Trump leading Hillary Clinton in electoral votes 245 to 218 as of 2:09 AM ET .	Donald Trump ahead Hillary Clinton in ELECTIVITY VOTES 245 to 218 as of 2:09 AM ET	1
New polls show a tight Clinton-Trump race nationally and in battleground states	New polls show tight Clinton-Trump race nationally and battlegrounds.	1
Say what you will about Trump , the man is a consistent , persistent liar .	Say what you will about @realDonaldTrump. The man is a persistent, consistent liar.	1
Say what you will about Trump , the man is a consistent , persistent liar .	Say What You Will About Donald Trump, the Man Is a Consistency, Perseverent Liar	1
Why aren't we talking more about WHY Trump is getting away without releasing his taxes	Why Arent We Talking More About WHY Trump Is Getahead Without Releasing His Tax Returns	1
Why aren't we talking more about WHY Trump is getting away without releasing his taxes	Why Aren&rsquo;t We Talking More About WHY Trump Is GIVING AWAY Without Releasing His Tax Returns	1
Why aren't we talking more about WHY Trump is getting away without releasing his taxes	Why Aren&rsquo;t We Talking More About WHY Trump Is Getting Away Without Releasing His Tax Returns	1
Donald Trump is speaking in Hersey , Pennsylvania . Watch CNN and @CNNgo	Watch CNN and CNN Go Trump is speaking in Hersey, Pennsylvania	1
In Rolling Stone defamation case , magazine and reporter ordered to pay $3 million	Rolling Stone, Magazine, and Reporter Ordered to Pay $3 Million in Case of Defamation	1
Need to pick an insurance plan ?	Need to choose an insurance plan? Choose an insurance plan with.	1
Two US service members killed fighting Taliban in Afghanistan	Two US soldiers have been killed, 2 of them in Afghanistan, in a bloody battle with the Taliban	1
We asked women in Saudi Arabia to tell us about their lives .	Saudi women tell us about their lives.	1
They had inflated " Its a Girl " balloons . They wore white in honor of suffragists . Instead , Trump won the presidency	He had inflated " Its a Girl " balloons. He wore white in honor of the suffragists. Instead, Trump won the presidency.	1
Casting notice goes out for new ' up-and-coming ' conservative news network	casting notice for new conservative news network " up-and-coming	1
Rudy Giuliani suggests he knew about the FBI email review before it became public	Giuliani says he knew FBI email review before it became public.	1
Rudy Giuliani suggests he knew about the FBI email review before it became public	Giuliani hints he knew about FBI email review before it became public	1
I wanted to find out why the country was fragmenting . A correspondent takes stock of his divided homeland	And I Wanted to Find Out Why the Country Was Fragmenting A Correspondent Takes Stock of His Divided Heimat	1
I wanted to find out why the country was fragmenting . A correspondent takes stock of his divided homeland	I Wanted to Find Out Why the Country Was Fragmenting A Correspondent Takes Stock of His Divided Heimat	1
Iranians know everything they need to about U.S. politics . They watch " House of Cards .	Iranwatches American political shows'house of cards'All the important information they need '.	1
Iranians know everything they need to about U.S. politics . They watch " House of Cards .	Iran Watches House of Cards, Iran Knows Everything They Need to About US Politics	1
Its not just on Election Day . Republicans are suppressing Americans votes now	It&rsquo;s Not Just On Election Day. Republicans Are Stopping Americans Vote Now.	1
Its not just on Election Day . Republicans are suppressing Americans votes now	It&rsquo;s not just on Election Day. Republicans are suppressing Americans votes now.	1
Are there really hidden Donald Trump voters ?	What Are There Really Hidden Trump Voters?	1
Are there really hidden Donald Trump voters ?	Will There Be Any Hidden Trump Voters?	1
the entire election has been worth it for this headline/photo com	The entire election has been worth it., for this headline/photo com	1
The @frugaltraveler takes on Brooklyn and finds its essence .	Frugal Traveler, Explores Brooklyn and Finds Its Essence	1
On edge about the election ? Two Princeton professors walk through your election anxiety	How Princeton professors talk through the anxieties of the election	1
On edge about the election ? Two Princeton professors walk through your election anxiety	Two Princeton Professors Address Anxiousness During Election	1
On edge about the election ? Two Princeton professors walk through your election anxiety	2 Princeton Professors Talk Through Your Election Anxiety	1
On edge about the election ? Two Princeton professors walk through your election anxiety	Two Princeton professors take a walk through your election anxiety	1
Hillary Clinton edges Donald Trump in strong enthusiasm in new @ABC News/WaPo tracking poll	Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump in strong enthusiasm in new ABC News/WaPo tracking poll	1
She doesn't care about us Sanders supporter goes off-script at event for Hillary Clinton	Clinton supporter She doesn't care about us Sanders supporter goes off-script at event for HER	1
She doesn't care about us Sanders supporter goes off-script at event for Hillary Clinton	Sanders supporter goes off-script at Clinton event she doesn't care about us Sanders supporter	1
Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad says he plans to stay in power until term ends in 2021 New York Times	Bashar Al-Assad to Stay in Power Until Term Ends in 2021 via NYT	1
Even a modest drop-off in black turnout in NC could represent Clintons margin of defeat .	Even a modest drop in black turnout in NC could represent Hillary Clinton&rsquo;s margin of defeat.	1
Even a modest drop-off in black turnout in NC could represent Clintons margin of defeat .	Even a modest drop-off in black turnout in NC could represent Clinton&rsquo;s margin of defeat.	1
He's just pissed he didn't get to tag along to Red Lobster with em afterwards	He's just pissed he didn't get to tag along with em afterwards to Red Lobster	1
Everything you didnt know you didnt know about the election A handy guide to US elections	Everything you didn&rsquo;t know you didn&rsquo;t know about the election: A handy guide to US election.	1
James Comey " committed a serious error with potentially severe implications .	James Comeys error could have large-scale implications	1
James Comey " committed a serious error with potentially severe implications .	James Comey: Jim Comey commits'severe error with potentially serious implications" property	1
reacted to the FBIs decision on the latest review of #Clinton emails .	We reacted to the new decision of the FBI about the latest review of linton emails.	1
reacted to the FBIs decision on the latest review of #Clinton emails .	reaction on the FBIs decision on the latest review of @Clinton emails	1
reacted to the FBIs decision on the latest review of #Clinton emails .	reacted to the decision by the F.B.I. about the latest review of @Clinton emails.	1
The Justice Department has a warrant to review emails of Huma Abedin , a top Hillary Clinton aide	Justice Department obtains warrant to review emails of Clinton aide Huma Abedin	1
The Justice Department has a warrant to review emails of Huma Abedin , a top Hillary Clinton aide	Justice Department Obtains Warrant To Review Hillary Clinton Aides Emails Huma Abedin was assigned	1
Controversial Dem operative ' close ' to Clinton campaign boss , email claims	Controversial Dem operative'close'to #Hillary campaign boss, email claims	1
Controversial Dem operative ' close ' to Clinton campaign boss , email claims	Controversial Dem operative'close'to #Hillary campaign boss email claims	1
Do studies show that soft drinks promote obesity and Type 2 diabetes ? It depends on who paid for the study .	Soft Drinks Promote Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes. It depends on who paid for the study.	1
It took guts for Director Comey to make the move that he made	Director Comey Must Have Guts to Make the Move He Made	1
It took guts for Director Comey to make the move that he made	Director Christopher Comey Needs Gusts to Make the Move He Made	1
Who will protect the Constitution ? Clinton , amendment by amendment	Who Will Protect the Constitution, @HillaryClinton, Amend by Amend	1
Hacked emails show that Donna Brazile shared questions for candidate events with Hillary Clintons campaign	Hacked Emails Show Brazile Shared Questions for Clinton Campaign Event	1
Beyonc's backup dancers even wore blue pantsuits , la Hillary Clinton Photo by @dougmillsnyt	Beyoncs Backup Dancers Wore Blue Pantuits, LA Hillary Clinton Photo by @dougmillsnyt	1
Beyonc's backup dancers even wore blue pantsuits , la Hillary Clinton Photo by @dougmillsnyt	Beyoncs Back-Up Dancers Even Wore Blue Pantuits, Hillary Clinton Photo @DougmillsNyt	1
Beyonc's backup dancers even wore blue pantsuits , la Hillary Clinton Photo by @dougmillsnyt	Beyoncs Backup Dancers Even Wore Blue Pantuits, La Hillary Clinton Photo by Dougmillsnyt	1
Trump is making a final push in Scranton , PA	Trump Makes Final Push in Scranton, PA So this is what he is.	1
Trump is making a final push in Scranton , PA	Trump make last push in Scranton, PA	1
Trump is making a final push in Scranton , PA	Scranton, PA : Trump makes final push	1
Nevada judge denies Trump campaign request to separate early voting ballots	A Nevada judge denied a request to separate early voting ballots from Donald Trump's request.	1
Harvard cancels rest of mens soccer season over lewd ratings of female players	Harvard cancels men&rsquo;s soccer season over lewd ratings of female players	1
Harvard cancels rest of mens soccer season over lewd ratings of female players	Harvard cancels rest of men&rsquo;s soccer season over lewd ratings of female players	1
Harvard cancels rest of mens soccer season over lewd ratings of female players	Harvard canceled rest of men&rsquo;s soccer season over lewd ratings of female players	1
Trump International Hotel & amp ; Tower Toronto placed into receivership by a bankruptcy judge	Trump International Hotel & Tower Toronto Placed in Receiveship by a Bankruptcy Judge	1
On eve of election , US stock indexes surge ; Dow closes up about 370	Dow surges 370 points as US election nears	1
On eve of election , US stock indexes surge ; Dow closes up about 370	Dow surges more than 350 points as the US election approaches	1
What happened when I tried to document why Trump was taken off stage by Secret Service agents	What Happened When I Attempted to Document Why @realDonaldTrump Was Taken Off Stage By Secret Service Agents	1
gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; Culinary union political director .	Culinary Union Political Director.	1
NASA wants you to see this video of the Arctic ice disappearing	NASA is putting out a video showing the Arctic ice disappearing	1
In some of the worlds most polluted cities , sales of bottled air are taking off	Bottled air is taking off in some of the world&rsquo;s most polluted cities	1
In some of the worlds most polluted cities , sales of bottled air are taking off	In some of the world&rsquo;s most polluted cities, sales of bottled air are taking off.	1
LinkedIn launches new salary tracker to collect and report data on what we earn	LinkedIn launches Salary Tracker to collect and report what&nbsp;we earn	1
After more than 2 years without a president , Lebanon finally has one	After more than 2 years without a president, #Lebanon finally has one	1
Teams , Microsofts Slack competitor , is official	Teams, Microsoft&rsquo;s Slack competitor, is officially an official Microsoft Slack competitor.	1
Teams , Microsofts Slack competitor , is official	Microsofts Slack competitor Teams Officially Launches!	1
Teams , Microsofts Slack competitor , is official	Microsoft Teams, Microsoft&rsquo;s Slack competitor, is officially Microsoft&rsquo;s official Slack competitor....	1
Teams , Microsofts Slack competitor , is official	Microsoft slack competitor Team is officially a Microsoft Slack competitor!	1
Teams , Microsofts Slack competitor , is official	Teams, Microsoft&rsquo;s Slack competitor, is official	1
Teams , Microsofts Slack competitor , is official	Teams, Microsoft&rsquo;s Slack competitor, is officially released	1
Ebola shows signs of adapting to human hosts , new studies find	Ebola Evolves Into Human Hosts, New Studies Show.	1
Ebola shows signs of adapting to human hosts , new studies find	Ebola Evolves Into Human Hosts, New Studies Find	1
Ebola shows signs of adapting to human hosts , new studies find	Ebola Evolves Into Human Beings, New Studies Find	1
Ebola shows signs of adapting to human hosts , new studies find	Ebola Evolves Into Human Hosts, New Evidence Shows	1
CNN scheduled more than a dozen rehearsals for election night with a 25-person on-air team	CNN schedules more than a dozen rehearsals for election night w/ a 25-person on-air team.	1
Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta at Javits Center They're still counting votes . everybody should head home	Listen to Podesta : Clinton chairman at Javits Center : " They're still counting votes. everybody should head home	1
FBI sends letter to Congress saying email review completed , decision not to prosecute Clinton stands	F.B.I. Sends Letter to Congress Says Clinton Email Review Completed, Decision Not to Prosecute Clinton Stands	1
Obama on Trump If your closest advisors dont trust you to tweet , how can you trust him with the nuclear codes .	Obama on Trump If Your Closest Advisors Don&rsquo;t Trust You to Tweet, How Can You Trust Him With the Nuclear Codes?	1
Emotions run high in the final days of the campaign	Emotions Run High In The Final Days of the Campaign The Campaign	1
Emotions run high in the final days of the campaign	The final days of the campaign are an emotional time, and emotions run high." property	1
A look back at 41 U.S. presidential elections as covered by The New York Times .	The New York Times. A look back at 41 US presidential elections.	1
A look back at 41 U.S. presidential elections as covered by The New York Times .	41 US Presidential Elections Covered by The New York Times	1
A look back at 41 U.S. presidential elections as covered by The New York Times .	A look at 41 presidential elections in the US as the covered by The New York Times	1
In a knowledge economy corporate learning is necessary to survive	In a knowledge economy, learning is necessary to survive corporations, especially	1
I hope he will be a successful President for all Americans makes her concession speech	I hope he will be a successful president for all Americans'made her concession speech	1
Donald Trump on GOP chairman Reince is really a star	Donald Trump: Republican Chairman Reince Is Really a Star	1
The Donald Trump who won this campaign is far scarier than the one who began it	Donald Trump: The One Who Won This Campaign Far Scarier Than the One Who Begun It	1
Black riders wait 30% longer overall for an UberX to arrive , a new study shows	Wait 30% Longer For an UberX by Black Riders, study Shows	1
Here is Donald Trump keeping an eye on Melania as she votes .	Here Is Donald Trump Watching Melania Donald Trump Vote	1
Here is Donald Trump keeping an eye on Melania as she votes .	Trump watching Melania as she votes " Here Is Donald Trump	1
Here is Donald Trump keeping an eye on Melania as she votes .	Donald Trump is keeping an eye on Melania Trump as she votes.	1
Is there anything cuter than these tiny NICU babies wearing #Halloween costumes ?	How can there be anything cuter than these tiny NICU babies in Halloween costumes?	1
The economy created 161,000 jobs last month . That figure , the last before the election , suggests a healthy outlook .	The number of jobs created in February is 161,000. That figure, the last before the election, suggests a healthy outlook	1
Clinton and her team saw untapped potential in the 27 million Hispanics who would be eligible to vote in 2016	Clinton & amp ; her team saw untapped potential in the 27 million Hispanics who would be eligible to vote in 2016.	1
Most Expensive Thing on Californias Ballot A One-Cent Soda Tax	What Is Most Expensive in Californias Ballot A One-Cent Soda Tax?	1
2 Americans killed outside Jordan air base	2 americans killed & amp ; 2 Jordanian air base	1
Here's the transcript of Donald Trump's victory speech	The transcript of Donald Trumps victory speech. See it.	1
Here's the transcript of Donald Trump's victory speech	Transcript of Donald Trump's Victory Speech	1
Here's the transcript of Donald Trump's victory speech	Transcript of Trump's Victory Speech	1
Here's the transcript of Donald Trump's victory speech	The full transcript of Donald Trumps victory speech below.	1
What a difference an " r " makes fact-checks Donald Trump's tweet	Fact-checks Trump's tweet Why an " r " makes a difference	1
What a difference an " r " makes fact-checks Donald Trump's tweet	What an " r " makes fact-checks of @realDonaldTrump's tweet	1
What a difference an " r " makes fact-checks Donald Trump's tweet	What an " r " makes fact-checks @realDonaldTrump's tweet	1
Hillary Clinton on email probe There is no case here .	Clinton on email probe : there is no case here	1
Hillary Clinton on email probe There is no case here .	Clinton on email probe: There is no case here" property	1
aide says Foundation paid for Chelseas wedding , @wikileaks emails show .	@DFK @ChelseaJessicasJ aide says @Foundation paid for @ChelseaJess wedding, @wikileaks emails show	1
aide says Foundation paid for Chelseas wedding , @wikileaks emails show .	aide: Foundation paid for Chelsea&rsquo;s wedding&rsquo;s @wikiLeaks emails show	1
A senior law enforcement official tells CNN We went through this as fast as we could	Top law enforcement official tells CNN: 'We went through this as fast as we could&nbsp;we did	1
Here Is What Donald Trump Wants To Do In His First 100 Days	Trump Wants To Do in His First 100 Days	1
Don't forget about down ballot voting .	Dont forget the down-ballot voting.	1
Don't forget about down ballot voting .	Remember the down ballot voting.	1
Don't forget about down ballot voting .	Remember the down ballot!	1
Don't forget about down ballot voting .	Remember the down-ballot vote? Don't forget this.	1
Don't forget about down ballot voting .	Don&rsquo;t forget about down-ballot voting.	1
California , Massachusetts , and Nevada legalize recreational marijuana	Legalizing marijuana, in states like Nevada, Massachusetts and California	1
No , you cant text your vote . But these fake ads tell Clinton supporters to do just that .	I Can't Text My Vote, But These Fake Ads Tell Clinton Supporters to Do Just That	1
We're going to build a wall . Who's paying for it ?	Building a Wall. Whos Paying for It? Theys Willing to Build a Wall.	1
We're going to build a wall . Who's paying for it ?	Building a Wall. Who&rsquo;s Paying for It&rsquo;s Time To Build One	1
We're going to build a wall . Who's paying for it ?	Hey, it's going to be a wall. Who's paying for it?	1
Microsoft open sources its next-gen cloud hardware design	Microsoft Open Sources its Next-Generic&nbsp;Cloud Hardware Design	1
Microsoft open sources its next-gen cloud hardware design	Microsoft opens up its next-gen #cloud hardware design	1
Microsoft open sources its next-gen cloud hardware design	Microsoft opensources its next-gen. cloud hardware&nbsp;design&nbsp;design	1
Bob Dylan won the Nobel Prize in Literature . But in science , the times they arent a-changin ' .	Bob Dylan won Nobel Prize in Literature, but in science, the times they aren&rsquo;t a-changin&rsquo;	1
Bill Clinton has become a peripheral player in his wife's campaign	Clinton campaign has become a peripheral player in his wife's campaign	1
Does a campaign full of unexpected twists have one more to offer up ? Here's what we're watching	Will a campaign full of unexpected twists have one more to offer up? Heres what we&squot;re watching.	1
How combined human and computer intelligence will redefine jobs	Combining human and computer intelligence will redefine jobs	1
The suspect in the " ambush " killings of 2 Iowa police officers was described as a troubled loner	2 Iowa cops'shooter identified as a troubled loner & amp ; killer	1
What Tesla's new Gigafactory means for electric vehicles	What Teslaâ€™s new Gigafactory means for&nbsp;electric vehicles	1
What Tesla's new Gigafactory means for electric vehicles	What Tesla's new Gigafactory means for electric&nbsp;vehicle	1
What Tesla's new Gigafactory means for electric vehicles	What Tesla's new Gigafactory means forEVs	1
What Tesla's new Gigafactory means for electric vehicles	What Tesla&rsquo;s New Gigafactory Means for Electric Vehicles	1
Wider recognition for New York's chopped cheese sandwich has come with a side of controversy	New York's Chopped Cheese Sandwich Gets Wider Recognisation ; Yet Controversy Runs Against It.	1
Story doesnt say that . Says investigators believe its likely .	History doesnt say that, says investigators believe its likely	1
Colombia is hit hard by the Zika virus , but not by microcephaly	Colombia is hit hard by Zika, but not by microcephaly	1
Mike Pence responds after FBI closes Clinton email probe .	Pence responds after FBI closes Clinton email probe	1
Mike Pence responds after FBI closes Clinton email probe .	Mike Pence says FBI closes Clinton email probe	1
Former Miss Universe Alicia Machado Trump " told me that I looked ugly " and called me names	& amp ; AOL Miss Universe Alicia Machado Trump " said I looked ugly & amp ; called me names	1
Former Miss Universe Alicia Machado Trump " told me that I looked ugly " and called me names	Former Miss Universe Alicia Machado Trump, who'said I looked ugly'and called me names	1
Is America a failed state and society ? It looks truly possible , says @PaulKrugman	Is America a failed state & amp ; society? It&rsquo;s truly possible, @PaulKrugman says	1
And here are your plummeting stock futures .	Watch your #stockfutures plummet.	1
Rolling Stone was found liable for defamation over a piece on a gang rape accusation at the University of Virginia	Rolling Stone found liable for defamation over " piece" on gang rape at University of Virginia	1
Rolling Stone was found liable for defamation over a piece on a gang rape accusation at the University of Virginia	Rolling Stone found liable for defamation over piece on gang rape accusation @U of V	1
Rolling Stone was found liable for defamation over a piece on a gang rape accusation at the University of Virginia	Rolling Stone liable for defamation over article on gang rape at University of Virginia	1
An " avalanche of evidence " may now bury @HillaryClinton	An "avalanche of evidence" may now bury Clinton's buried Hillary	1
Donald Trump's website wasn't hacked with a poop emoji . But you * can * leave a poop emoji on it !	Trump's website wasn't hacked with a poop emoji. But you can've got a '' poop emoji on it	1
David Duke , former grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan	David Duke, Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard. RIP David Duke, that was	1
David Duke , former grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan	David Duke, Ku Klux Klan Grand Wizard	1
David Duke , former grand wizard of the Ku Klux Klan	David Duke, Ku Klux Klan - Former Grand Wizard David Duke	1
The Law and Justice Party wants to make Poland great again	The Party of Law and Justice is determined to make Poland Great Again	1
The Law and Justice Party wants to make Poland great again	The Party for Law and Justice wants to make Poland great.	1
Donald Trump probably avoided paying millions of dollars of Medicare taxes , too	How Trump Probabilly Avoided Paying Millions of Dollars in Medicare&nbsp;Taxes, Too	1
Donald Trump probably avoided paying millions of dollars of Medicare taxes , too	Trump probably avoided paying millions of dollars in Medicare&nbsp;taxes, too	1
Rudy Giuliani on FBI probe I haven't spoken to any " current FBI agents	Rudy Giuliani on FBI probe I haven't spoken to any &ldquo;current FBI agents&rdquo;	1
The real MVP of the World Series ? That guy sitting next to @sarahlyall at the bar .	The Real MVP of the Series by the guy sitting next to @sarahlyall at the bar	1
Think this is an admission that the billion dollar loss he claimed was other people's money .	Think this is an admission that the bln$ loss he claimed was other peoples money.	1
Workers at Clinton party emptied confetti cannons that had pieces to imitate shattered glass	Workers at Clinton Party Vacuum Confetti Cannons with Pieces to Imitate Shattered Glass.	1
Workers at Clinton party emptied confetti cannons that had pieces to imitate shattered glass	Workers at Clinton Party Vacuum Confetti Cannons to Imitate Shattered Glass	1
Workers at Clinton party emptied confetti cannons that had pieces to imitate shattered glass	Workers at Clinton Party Vacuum Confetti Cannons That Had Pieces to Imitate Broken Glass	1
Racial discrimination lawsuit against Airbnb blocked by federal judge	A federal judge blocked a complaint against Airbnb over race discrimination.	1
Police now describe suspect in Azusa , Calif shooting as male ; suspect found dead at home Los Angeles TImes	Cops describe Azusa shooting suspect as male ; suspect found dead at home LA TImes	1
KKK Paper Endorses Trump ; Campaign Calls Outlet ' Repulsive	KKK endorses @realDonaldTrump campaign, calls outlet'repulsive	1
KKK Paper Endorses Trump ; Campaign Calls Outlet ' Repulsive	KKK endorses Trump ; campaign calls outlet'repulsive'@CNNPolitics	1
The artist responsible for Obamas 2008 ' Hope ' poster wont create one for Hillary Clinton	Art Director who created Obamas 2008'Hope'poster won't create one for Clinton	1
The artist responsible for Obamas 2008 ' Hope ' poster wont create one for Hillary Clinton	Artist Responsible for Obamas 2008  Hope '' Poster Wont Create One For Hillary Clinton.	1
The artist responsible for Obamas 2008 ' Hope ' poster wont create one for Hillary Clinton	artist responsible for Obama&rsquo;s 2008 &ldquo;Hope&rdquo; poster won&rdquo;t create one for Clinton	1
The artist responsible for Obamas 2008 ' Hope ' poster wont create one for Hillary Clinton	The artist responsible for Obama&rsquo;s 2008 &ldquo;Hope&rdquo; poster won&rdquo;t create one for Clinton	1
Justice Clarence Thomas set a record by asking no questions for more than a decade . 2 interviewers got him talking .	Clarence Thomas sets a record by quoting no questions for more than a decade. 2 interviewers got him talking.	1
This is what is happening to America . This guy knows full well he's making it up .	This Is What Is Happening in America. This Guy Knows Full Well He&rsquo;s Making It Up.	1
This is what is happening to America . This guy knows full well he's making it up .	Heres What Is Happening to America These Guys Know Full Well That They&rsquo;re Making It Up	1
Clinton will win 3 of Maines 4 electoral votes ; Trump receives 1 , CNN projects	Clinton will win 3 of Maine&rsquo;s 4 electoral votes, Trump receives 1; CNN&rsquo;s Projects	1
Google will display election results as soon as polls close	Google is putting out results of polls for a vote so people can see them as soon as they close.	1
Facebook scores big in Q3 earnings $7.01 B revenue and 1.79 B users	Facebook scores big in Q3 earnings of $7.01 B&amp;M Revenue and 1.79 B Users	1
Facebook scores big in Q3 earnings $7.01 B revenue and 1.79 B users	Facebook kooeps big in Q3 earnings $7.01 B revenue and 1.79 B users	1
7 new carcinogens identified by Dept . of Health and Human Services	7 new carcinogens identified by HSHS	1
7 new carcinogens identified by Dept . of Health and Human Services	7 more substances classified as human carcinogens by Health & Human Services	1
Smoke from crop fires accounts for a quarter of Delhi's worst air pollutants in winter	In winter, crop fire smog generates 17% of Delhi's worst air pollutants.	1
First he married me , then he blackmailed me	I married him first, then he blackmailed me	1
How to stop sugar from sneaking into your child's diet	How to Stop Sugar Sneaking into Your Childs Diet	1
How to stop sugar from sneaking into your child's diet	Stop Sugar Sneaking Into Your Childs Diet	1
Tim Kaine ends up second in line behind a 99-year-old voter	Tim Kaine is second in line for a 99-year-old voter	1
Huma Abedin continues to lay low in the wake of the FBI's announcement	Huma Abedin lies low amid FBI's announcement	1
Huma Abedin continues to lay low in the wake of the FBI's announcement	Huma Abedin Lie Low After F.B.I. Closing	1
Emails show Clinton campaign coordinated with State Dept . official before email revelation	Emails Show Clinton Campaign Coordinated With State Dept. Official Before Email Enigma	1
Donald Trump says the Patriots ' Tom Brady and coach Bill Belichick are supporting him	Trump Says Patriots'Tom Brady & amp ; Coach Bill Belichick Are Supporting Donald Trump	1
Britain must consult Parliament before opening talks to leave the EU , the High Court has ruled	Britain must consult Parliament before launching talks to leave the European Union, the High Court rules	1
Students are more likely to gain excessive weight during the summer than when they're in school	Students are more likely to put on weight during the summer, rather than during school hours.	1
Facebook takes a break from copying Snapchat	Facebook breaks from Snapchat's social media trend	1
figure out how to crack Clinton's advantage in these states	Find & amp ; Break Hillary Clintons Advantage in These States	1
figure out how to crack Clinton's advantage in these states	How to Crack Clintons Advantage in These States	1
figure out how to crack Clinton's advantage in these states	find out how to crack @HillaryClintons advantage in these states	1
figure out how to crack Clinton's advantage in these states	how to crack Hillary Clintons advantage in these states	1
The bad and worse options James Comey faced	James Comeys Bad and Worst Options	1
The Game 7 starters are expected to be Kyle Hendricks and Corey Kluber .	Kyle Hendricks and Corey Kluber are expected to be the starters in Game 7.	1
The Game 7 starters are expected to be Kyle Hendricks and Corey Kluber .	Kyle Hendricks and Corey Kluber are expected to start the Game 7.	1
Don't blame James Comey for this mess , a @CNNOpinion writer says	Don't blame Comey for this mess, author says @CNNOpinion Went in.	1
Election night is finally here ! Join @nytpolitics for live results , analysis and race calls from the 2016 race .	Election Night Live From @Nytimes with analysis & amp ; race calls from the 2016 race	1
You can literally see smoke in the air , and when you breathe , you can smell it , too	In one breath, you can literally see smoke, and in the air. You can smell it too	1
Election Day 2016 A historic moment arrives	Election Day 2016, Election Day 2016 is a historic moment	1
The Washington Redskins Jordan Reed has had 6 concussions , but he wont quit the NFL	Redskins, who has suffered 6 concussions, is determined not to quit the NFL at any point in time." property	1
Extremely questionable , if not illegal behavior ' outside polling station	If not illegal behavior, extreme questionable behaviour'outside polling station	1
This was the first of two lawsuits that Rolling Stone faces over the discredited article about a supposed gang rape	Rolling Stone facing second lawsuit over its discredited article about a supposed gang rape	1
Here's a list of celebrities who vow to leave the US if Donald Trump wins	Let's make this list of celebrities who vow to leave the country if Trump wins.	1
Here's a list of celebrities who vow to leave the US if Donald Trump wins	List of celebrities who will leave the US if Trump wins	1
Here's a list of celebrities who vow to leave the US if Donald Trump wins	Check out our list of celebrities who pledged to leave the US if Donald Trump wins	1
Here's a list of celebrities who vow to leave the US if Donald Trump wins	List of celebs who have vowed to leave the country if Trump wins	1
Here's a list of celebrities who vow to leave the US if Donald Trump wins	Celebrities who have pledged to leave the US if Trump wins.	1
Here's a list of celebrities who vow to leave the US if Donald Trump wins	Celebrities Who Vow To Leave the U.S. if Trump Wins	1
Key point in our story Trump is focused on revenge , win or lose	Trump is focused on revenge, win or lose #torn in Trump story	1
Key point in our story Trump is focused on revenge , win or lose	trump is focused on revenge, win or lose	1
Jay Z and Beyonc join Hillary Clinton in Cleveland . Highlights of the Friday before the election	Beyonc, Jay Z join Clinton in Cleveland during the " Friday before the election" video	1
Anybody who says a donkey is stubborn has been outsmarted by a donkey	Who says a Donkey is stubborn is outsmarted by a Donkey.	1
Behind our anxiety , the fear of being unneeded	Behind our Anxiety, the Fear of Not Needed	1
California man finds dozens of ballots stacked outside home	California man finds dozens of ballots stacked outside home" property	1
Self-recruited ' Trump volunteers break mold for how campaigns are run	Self-recruited'Trump Volunteers Break Rule for How Campaigns Are Run	1
Self-recruited ' Trump volunteers break mold for how campaigns are run	Self-recruited'Trump volunteers break mold for campaign management	1
We now have the chance to elect a 45th president who will build on our progress	45th President Elects President Who Will Build on Our Progress	1
We now have the chance to elect a 45th president who will build on our progress	The time has come to elect a 45th president. We have the opportunity to elect a 45th President, who will build on our progress.	1
Hes got to get control of the ship again How tensions at FBI will persist after the election	He&rsquo;s Got to Get Control of the Ship Again How tensions at the FBI will persist after the election	1
Hes got to get control of the ship again How tensions at FBI will persist after the election	He&rsquo;s Got to Get Control of the Ship Again Tensions at the FBI Will Persist After the Election.	1
Hes got to get control of the ship again How tensions at FBI will persist after the election	He&rsquo;s Got to Get Control of the Ship Again. How TENSIONS AT THE F.B.I. Will Persist After the Election	1
Hes got to get control of the ship again How tensions at FBI will persist after the election	Hes Got to Get Control of the Ship Again How tensions at the F.B.I. Will Continue After the Election	1
The FBI discovered the Clinton aide's emails weeks ago but didn't disclose them until Friday	FBI stumbled on Clinton aide's emails weeks ago, didn't reveal them until Friday	1
In Boomers Sunset , Election Reaggravates an Old Divide	In Boomers Sunset, Election Reappears an Old Divide	1
Donald Trump reported gross revenue , as opposed to net income after expenses , on his financial disclosure forms	Donald Trump reported on Financial Disclosures gross revenue, as opposed to net income after expenses.	1
Donald Trump reported gross revenue , as opposed to net income after expenses , on his financial disclosure forms	President-elect Trump reported on his Financial Disclosure Forms gross revenue as opposed to net income after expenses.	1
Donald Trump reported gross revenue , as opposed to net income after expenses , on his financial disclosure forms	Trump Reports Gross Revenue, as opposed to Net Income AfterExpenses, on His Financial Disclosure Forms	1
Is America a failed state and society ? It looks truly possible	Is America a Failure State or a Nation? It Looks Really Possible!	1
We now have an even clearer picture of how brazenly Trump tried to avoid paying taxes	Here comes the damned revelation of how Trump tried to avoid paying his taxes.	1
They would have killed me if they saw this said a man in Mosul , holding up a cellphone . Just one bullet .	I just think that they would have killed me if they saw this. Man in Mosul holds up cellphone, with just one bullet.	1
White women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for Trump .	By voting for Trump, white women sold the world and sisterhood	1
Muslim immigrant explains why she voted for Trump	Muslim immigrant explains why she voted for @realDonaldTrump.	1
Think the Trump protests are silly ? Look closer at how they work	Trump Protests Do You Think Themselves Are They Silly? Look Ahead at How They Work	1
Think the Trump protests are silly ? Look closer at how they work	Think Trump Protests Are BS? Look Closer at How They Work	1
Think the Trump protests are silly ? Look closer at how they work	Think Trump Protests are Sloppy? Look Closer At How They Work	1
After 40 years , a South Korean mother is ready to welcome home the son she gave up for adoption	South Korean mother awaits her son, an adoption she gave up for 40 years.	1
After 40 years , a South Korean mother is ready to welcome home the son she gave up for adoption	South Korean mother awaits her son, who was taken from her for adoption 40 years ago.	1
During interview , Trump looked into @60Minutes camera and told supporters carrying out racial attacks to " stop it .	During his interview, Trump looked into 60 Minutes camera and told supporters carrying out racist attacks to " stop it.	1
During interview , Trump looked into @60Minutes camera and told supporters carrying out racial attacks to " stop it .	During the interview, Trump looked into 60 Minutes'camera and told supporters carrying out racist attacks to'stop it.	1
During interview , Trump looked into @60Minutes camera and told supporters carrying out racial attacks to " stop it .	During an interview, Trump looked into the camera of 60 Minutes and told supporters carrying out racist attacks to'stop it'.	1
During interview , Trump looked into @60Minutes camera and told supporters carrying out racial attacks to " stop it .	During an interview, Trump looked into 60 Minutes camera and told supporters carrying out racial attacks to " stop it.' property	1
During interview , Trump looked into @60Minutes camera and told supporters carrying out racial attacks to " stop it .	During the interview, Trump looked into 60 Minutes' camera and told supporters carrying out racial attacks to'stop it '.	1
During interview , Trump looked into @60Minutes camera and told supporters carrying out racial attacks to " stop it .	As Trump appeared in the 60 Minutes camera, Trump said to supporters conducting racial attacks to'stop it.	1
President-elect Trump delivers a tweetstorm at The New York Times	Trump delivers tweetstorm at New York Times	1
White police officers don't unfairly target black suspects , study says	study shows #Whitepolice officers don't unfairly target #black suspects	1
White police officers don't unfairly target black suspects , study says	Study Says White Police Officers Dont Target Black Suspects	1
White police officers don't unfairly target black suspects , study says	Study: White police officers don't unfairly target Black suspects	1
White police officers don't unfairly target black suspects , study says	study: White police officers don't unfairly target black suspects'	1
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper says he submitted his letter of resignation Wednesday night .	Director of National Intelligence James Clapper submitted his resignation Wednesday night.	1
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper says he submitted his letter of resignation Wednesday night .	Director of National Intelligence James Clapper submitted his resignation on Wednesday night" property	1
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper says he submitted his letter of resignation Wednesday night .	Director of National Intelligence James Clapper submitted his resignation on Wednesday night, officials said.	1
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper says he submitted his letter of resignation Wednesday night .	Director of National Intelligence James Clapper submitted his resignation on Wednesday night.	1
Jared Kushner has emerged as the closest thing to a steadying influence for Donald Trump	Kushner is the closest thing to a steadying influence for @realDonaldTrump	1
Jared Kushner has emerged as the closest thing to a steadying influence for Donald Trump	Jared Kushner emerges as the closest thing to a steadying influence for #Trump	1
Translator reveals how Muslim refugees want to ' Islamize ' Germany	#Muslim refugees in Germany want to " Islamize " #Germany. Translation: " The refugees are Muslim immigrants who want to, " Islamize " Germany.	1
What Trumps vow to deport up to 3 million immigrants would mean	What Trump&rsquo;s Promise to Deport Up to 3 Million Immigrants Would Mean	1
What Trumps vow to deport up to 3 million immigrants would mean	What Trump&rsquo;s Vow To Deport Up to 3 Million Immigrants Would Mean	1
What Trumps vow to deport up to 3 million immigrants would mean	What Trump&rsquo;s Vow to Deport Up to 3 Million Immigrants Would Mean	1
Depression is rising among teen girls , and many aren't getting treatment	Depression Rising Among Teen Girls, and Many Dont Get Treatment	1
Depression is rising among teen girls , and many aren't getting treatment	Depression is rising among teen girls, and many aren&squot;t getting treatment	1
Depression is rising among teen girls , and many aren't getting treatment	Depression Rises Among Girls, Not Teenagers Seek Help	1
Yes , he thought Donald Trump would win . No , he didn't use hard data .	Sure, Donald Trump thought he would win. But he didnt use hard data.	1
if democrats can't stop this they literally shouldn't be a party	If Democrats Cant Stop This, They Probably Shouldnt Be a Party.	1
if democrats can't stop this they literally shouldn't be a party	If democrats can&rsquo;t stop this they literally shouldn&rsquo;t be a party&rsquo;	1
if democrats can't stop this they literally shouldn't be a party	If Democrats Can&rsquo;t Stop This, They Shouldn&rsquo;t Literally Be a Party	1
Why we can't know whether Facebook is to blame for Trump's win	Why We Cant Know Whether Facebook Is to Blame for Trumps Won	1
Why we can't know whether Facebook is to blame for Trump's win	Why We Cant Know Whether Facebook Is to Blame for Trumps Win	1
Why we can't know whether Facebook is to blame for Trump's win	Why We Cant Know If Facebook Is to Blame for Trump&rsquo;s Win	1
Some conservatives who insisted that electing Trump president would be a terrible mistake are now seeing the upside	A conservative argued that electing Trump would be a terrible mistake. Today, the upside is seen.	1
Some conservatives who insisted that electing Trump president would be a terrible mistake are now seeing the upside	Many conservatives who ruled out electing Trump would be a great mistake. But now they can see the upside.	1
Nairobi is devouring pastureland . So cattle are devouring Nairobi .	Nairobi is devouring pastureland. So cattle devouring Nairobi. This is real.	1
Nairobi is devouring pastureland . So cattle are devouring Nairobi .	Nairobi is devouring pastureland, so cattle devouring Nairobi.	1
The transformation President Obama envisioned may not survive his administration	Obamas Imagined Transformation May Not Survive His Administration.	1
I am a gay Jew in Trumps America . And I am afraid for my life	I am a gay Jew in Trump&rsquo;s America. And I am afraid for my life.	1
I am a gay Jew in Trumps America . And I am afraid for my life	Trump's America is a gay Jew that I am afraid for my life	1
I am a gay Jew in Trumps America . And I am afraid for my life	I am a gay Jew in Trumps America. I am afraid for my life. It is.	1
Trump's transition team is beginning minority outreach with a " new deal for Black America	President-elect Donald Trumps transition team begins minority outreach w/ a & gt ; New Deal for Black America	1
Trump's transition team is beginning minority outreach with a " new deal for Black America	Trump transition team begins minority outreach with'new deal for Black America.	1
Trump's transition team is beginning minority outreach with a " new deal for Black America	Trump's transition team begins minority outreach with " new deal for #BlackAmerica.	1
Families around the U.S. are facing uncomfortable holidays as relationships are tested across the political divide	Holidays are hard for families across the country as relationships are tested across the political divide" property	1
An amazing interview with a guy who writes fake news .	Embark on an amazing interview with a guy who writes fake news.	1
An amazing interview with a guy who writes fake news .	Great interview, amazing interview with guy who writes fake news	1
Is Tim Kaine the future of the Democratic Party ?	Tim Kaine, the Future of the Democratic Party	1
Is Tim Kaine the future of the Democratic Party ?	Tim Kaine Is the Future of the Democratic Party?	1
Is Tim Kaine the future of the Democratic Party ?	Is Tim Kaine the future of the Democratic Party? Is Tim Kaine the future of?	1
Reid resumes attacks on Trump , says election ' sparked a wave of hate crimes	Reid is back in the attack on Trump, he says election'sparked a wave of hate crimes	1
During the Berlusconi years , Italy was a laughingstock . Now its America's turn .	During the Berlusconi years, Italy was a laughingstock. Now its America turning.	1
American allies trying to reach Donald Trump were blindly dialing in to Trump Tower	American Allies Targeted for Trump Blindly Dial In to Trump Tower	1
American allies trying to reach Donald Trump were blindly dialing in to Trump Tower	US Allies Tried to Reach Donald Trump Blindly By Dialin to Tower	1
Operation Wetback enforced immigration lawand the idea that U.S. citizens are white	Operation Wetback enforced immigration lawandthe idea that US citizens are white.	1
Operation Wetback enforced immigration lawand the idea that U.S. citizens are white	Operation Wetback enforced immigration lawsandthe idea that US citizens are white.	1
Operation Wetback enforced immigration lawand the idea that U.S. citizens are white	Operation Wetback was the enforcement of immigration lawand the idea that US citizens are white.	1
Operation Wetback enforced immigration lawand the idea that U.S. citizens are white	Operation Wetback enforced immigration lawandthe idea that American citizens are white.	1
on Trump's complex and unprecedented conflicts of interest	On Trump&rsquo;s Complex and Unprecedented Conflicts of Interest	1
Move over , #MannequinChallenge . The #TrumpsComingChallenge is sending students fleeing	Move over, MannequinChallenge. The Trumps ComingChallenge Is Sending Students Flie	1
Move over , #MannequinChallenge . The #TrumpsComingChallenge is sending students fleeing	TrumpsComingChallenge: Send Students Fleeing	1
Oh dear God " is the appropriate response to this news , and I fear much else .	Oh dear God, 'the appropriate response to this news, and I fear much else '.	1
Oh dear God " is the appropriate response to this news , and I fear much else .	Oh dear God, This Is the Correct Response to This News. I Fear Much!	1
We are not planning on erecting a deportation force . Donald Trump's not planning on that	Trump Doesnt Have a Plan for Erecting a Deportation Force #Were not planning on	1
We are not planning on erecting a deportation force . Donald Trump's not planning on that	The Trumps are not planning on erecting a deportation force.	1
Led by Elizabeth Warren and Bernie , the Democrats are screwing up the Trump resistance	Led by Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren, the Democrats Are Screwing Up the Resistance to Donald Trump	1
Led by Elizabeth Warren and Bernie , the Democrats are screwing up the Trump resistance	Led by Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren, the Democrats Are Screwing Up The Resistance to Donald Trump	1
App abandoment is on the rise as consumers stick to the apps they know	The age of #appabandoment is on the rise as consumers stick to the apps they know	1
App abandoment is on the rise as consumers stick to the apps they know	the future of #appabandonment is on the rise as consumers stick to the apps they know.	1
Carrier isnt changing its plans to move an Indiana factory to Mexico . Donald Trump's supporters expect action .	Carrier isn't changing its plans to move an Indiana factory to Mexico. #Trump's supporters expect action #Carrier is	1
Carrier isnt changing its plans to move an Indiana factory to Mexico . Donald Trump's supporters expect action .	Carrier isn't changing its plans to move an Indiana factory to Mexico -- Donald Trump's supporters expect action" property	1
Carrier isnt changing its plans to move an Indiana factory to Mexico . Donald Trump's supporters expect action .	@Carrier is NOT moving its Indiana factory to Mexico. Trump's supporters expect action.	1
Carrier isnt changing its plans to move an Indiana factory to Mexico . Donald Trump's supporters expect action .	Carrier is moving an Indiana factory to Mexico. Trump's supporters expect action.	1
Bless Hillary Clinton for not wearing makeup during her Childrens Defense Fund speech	God Bless Hillary Clinton for Not Wearing Makeup During Her Children&rsquo;s Defense Fund Speech	1
Bless Hillary Clinton for not wearing makeup during her Childrens Defense Fund speech	Bless Hillary Clinton for not wearing makeup during her Children&rsquo;s Defense Fund speech	1
Bless Hillary Clinton for not wearing makeup during her Childrens Defense Fund speech	Lord Bless Hillary Clinton for Not Wearing Makeup During Her Children&rsquo;s Defense Fund Speech	1
Bless Hillary Clinton for not wearing makeup during her Childrens Defense Fund speech	Oh dear Glorify @HillaryClinton for Not Wearing Makeup During Her Children&rsquo;s Defense Fund Speech	1
Bless Hillary Clinton for not wearing makeup during her Childrens Defense Fund speech	God Bless Clinton for Not Wearing Makeup During Her Children&rsquo;s Defense Fund Speech	1
I didn't vote but if I did , ' I would have voted for Trump	No voting, I would have voted for Trump. By the way, I didnt vote.	1
The Democrats dont need to cooperate with Donald Trump . They need Keith Ellison	The Democrats Don&rsquo;t Need to Cooperate With Donald Trump. They Need Keith Ellison.	1
A key piece of understanding Trump ? He is often swayed by whoever he last talked to	This is the key to understanding the reality Trump. He is often swayed by whoever he last talked to.	1
How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming	Mixed Reality & amp ; Machine Learning driving innovation in&nbsp;agriculture	1
How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming	How Mixed Reality & amp ; Machine Learning Are Driving Innovation in Agriculture	1
How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming	Mixed Reality and Machine Learning Drive Innovation in Agriculture	1
A 10-digit key code to your private life your cellphone number	A 10-digit key code to your private life Your #Cellphone #Number	1
A 10-digit key code to your private life your cellphone number	A 10-digit code to your private life Your cell phone #node	1
Vice President-elect @mike_pence arrives for meeting with Donald Trump at Trump Tower	Vice President-Elect mike_pence arrives at Trump Tower for meeting with @realDonaldTrump	1
Trump on 60 Minutes Wade will be repealed , women " have to go to another state " for abortion	Trump on 60 Minutes Wade repeal, women & amp ; have to go to another state for abortion	1
The best times to see November's big supermoon	The best times to see Novembers supermoon.	1
The best times to see November's big supermoon	Super Moons Ahead This November Is a Top Time to See Them!	1
The best times to see November's big supermoon	The best times to see November's big supermoon The best times to see the super moon.	1
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key says two people killed in earthquake	2 dead in quake New Zealand Prime Minister John Key says earthquake	1
It's not only how much you sleep , it's when you sleep that matters	It's not how much you sleep. It's how you sleep.	1
It's not only how much you sleep , it's when you sleep that matters	It's not how much you sleep, but how much you sleep	1
It's not only how much you sleep , it's when you sleep that matters	It's not how much you sleep, it's how much you sleep.	1
It's not only how much you sleep , it's when you sleep that matters	Its not only how much you sleep, it's when you sleep.	1
Donald Trump campaigned against lobbyists . Now they're on his transition team .	Donald Trump criticized lobbyists in his campaign, now theyre on his transition team.	1
Donald Trump campaigned against lobbyists . Now they're on his transition team .	Trump campaigned against lobbyists, now theyre on his transition team	1
Donald Trump campaigned against lobbyists . Now they're on his transition team .	Trump campaigned against lobbyists, now theyre on his transition team.	1
Donald Trump campaigned against lobbyists . Now they're on his transition team .	Trump Campaigned Against Lobbyists, Now Theyre on His Transition Team	1
Donald Trump campaigned against lobbyists . Now they're on his transition team .	Trump campaigned against lobbyists. Now theyre on his transition team.	1
Donald Trump campaigned against lobbyists . Now they're on his transition team .	Trump campaigned against lobbyists, and now theyre on his transition team	1
Donald Trump campaigned against lobbyists . Now they're on his transition team .	Trump Campaigned Against Lobbyists. Now Theyre on His Transition Team	1
The Democratic establishment is finished . What a joke	What a joke! The Democratic establishment is done. What a Jocket!	1
Outside Trump Tower , it was a snarl of barricades , police officers , tourists and aggrieved New Yorkers	After Trump Tower, it Was a Snarl of Barricades, Police Officers, Tourists and Aggressed New Yorkers	1
In 1986 the Senate rejected Jeff Sessions for being racist . Now he may be attorney general .	Jeff Sessions: Senator Jeff Sessions Rejected for Racist In 1986, Jeff Sessions May Be Attorney General	1
Pence reportedly taking over transition effort from Christie	Pence becomes Christie's replacement as Pence takes over the transition	1
Pence reportedly taking over transition effort from Christie	Pence reportedly takes over Christie transition process	1
Pence reportedly taking over transition effort from Christie	Pence to take over transition battle for Christie	1
Pence reportedly taking over transition effort from Christie	Pence to take over Christie transition?	1
Pence reportedly taking over transition effort from Christie	Pence reportedly taking over from Christie in transition.	1
Pence reportedly taking over transition effort from Christie	Pence to Take Over Pence Transition Team! Christie has become Pence.	1
Kubernetes founders launch Heptio with $8.5 M in funding to help bring containers to the enterprise	Kubernetes founders kick off #Heptio with $8.5M in funding to help bring containers to the enterprise	1
Kubernetes founders launch Heptio with $8.5 M in funding to help bring containers to the enterprise	Kubernetes founders launch #Heptio with $8.5 million to help bring&nbsp;containers to the&nbsp;enterprise	1
Her roommate supports Donald Trump . I had finally found the ' silent majority .	Her roommate supports Donald Trump. I had finally found the'Silent Majority '" property	1
Her roommate supports Donald Trump . I had finally found the ' silent majority .	Her roommate supports Trump. I had finally found the'silent majority'@CNNPolitics	1
Her roommate supports Donald Trump . I had finally found the ' silent majority .	Donald Trump: She Supports Her Roommate. I Had Finally Found the 'Silent Majority '" property	1
Here's what it's like to use @Snap's new Spectacles	What it's like to use some of SNAP&rsquo;s new Spectacles&rsquo;s	1
Here's what it's like to use @Snap's new Spectacles	It's like using Snap's new Spectacles! " property	1
Here's what it's like to use @Snap's new Spectacles	Heres What Its Like to Use @Snap&rsquo;s New Spectacles	1
Here's what it's like to use @Snap's new Spectacles	What it's like to use Snap&rsquo;s new Spectacles	1
Here's what it's like to use @Snap's new Spectacles	What Its Like to Use Snapâ€™s New Spectacles @Snap	1
Russia says it had contact with the Trump team	Russia says it had contact with Trump team ht	1
Mark Zuckerberg is contradicting Facebooks own research , and doing real damage to democracy	Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg Abruptly Contrasts Facebooks Own Research and Dose REAL DAMAGES to Democracy.	1
Mark Zuckerberg is contradicting Facebooks own research , and doing real damage to democracy	Mark Zuckerbergs Countering FACEBOOKs own Research, and Doing Real Damage to Democracy	1
Three ways the press must cover Trump in the abnormal days to come . My new column	3 ways the press must cover @realDonaldTrump in the abnormal days to come. My New Column	1
NFL star Mike Evans sits during national anthem to protest Donald Trump election victory	NFL star Mike Evans sits during the anthem to protest @realDonaldTrump election win	1
Looking back , I see that my inability to listen well cost me my first love	Now, I see how my inability to listen well cost me my first love	1
Donald Trump is a racist . But here's why many Americans dont see him that way	Donald Trump Is a Racist. Here&rsquo;s Why Many Americans Don&rsquo;t See Him That Way.	1
Donald Trump is a racist . But here's why many Americans dont see him that way	Donald Trump Is a Racist. Heres Why Many Americans Dont See Him That Way. IMHO!	1
Donald Trump is a racist . But here's why many Americans dont see him that way	Trump Is a Racist. Here&rsquo;s Why Many Americans Don&rsquo;t See Him That Way.	1
When it comes to heart disease , " DNA is not destiny , " new research says	New research says DNA is not destiny when it comes to heart disease" property	1
When it comes to heart disease , " DNA is not destiny , " new research says	DNA is not destiny when it comes to heart disease, the study says	1
When it comes to heart disease , " DNA is not destiny , " new research says	DNA is not destiny in heart disease, new research reveals	1
When it comes to heart disease , " DNA is not destiny , " new research says	DNA is not destiny for heart disease, new research shows.	1
Mark Zuckerberg says fake news on Facebook had " no impact " on the election	Mark Zuckerberg Says Fake News on Facebook Had &ldquo;No Impact&rdquo; on the Election	1
Mark Zuckerberg says fake news on Facebook had " no impact " on the election	Mark Zuckerberg Says Fake News on Facebook Had'No Impact'on Election. @realDonaldTrumpKit:	1
A small , shadowy band of militants leads an insurgency that paralyzes Kashmir .	Kashmir: A Small, Shadowy Band of Militants Leads Insurgency That Paralyzes Them	1
IBM opens new Cambridge , MA security headquarters with massive cyber range	IBM opens new Cambridge, MA security headquarters with massive cyber&nbsp;range	1
IBM opens new Cambridge , MA security headquarters with massive cyber range	IBM opens Cambridge, MA security headquarters with massive cyber&nbsp;range	1
IBM opens new Cambridge , MA security headquarters with massive cyber range	IBM expands Cambridge, MA security headquarters, with massive cyber&nbsp;range	1
You crybabies are why @realDonaldTrump won ! Air Force veteran's message to anti-Trump protesters goes viral	You crybabies are why Trump won! Air Force veteran's message to anti-Trump protesters goes viral	1
You crybabies are why @realDonaldTrump won ! Air Force veteran's message to anti-Trump protesters goes viral	Crybabies Are Why Donald Trump Won! Air Force Veterans Message to Anti-Trump Protesters Go Viral	1
Video of mom punishing son , 8 , over school Trump vote leads to investigation	Watch video of mom punishing 8-year-old son over school Trump vote leads to investigation	1
More than 50% of white women who voted cast their ballot for Trump , according to exit poll data collected by NYT	In the NYT exit poll, over 50% of white women voted for Trump.	1
More than 50% of white women who voted cast their ballot for Trump , according to exit poll data collected by NYT	More Than 50% of White Women voted for Trump, according to exit data collected by NYT	1
The Electoral College is hated by many . So why does it endure ?	The Electoral College Is Hated by Many, and So Why Does It Stand Up? The Electoral College	1
Volkswagen is cutting 30,000 jobs in the wake of its huge emissions scandal	VW will cut 30,000 jobs as it comes under fire over its Emissions Scandal	1
Mayors of NY and Los Angeles pledge to remain immigrant sanctuaries	Mayors of LA and NY vow to preserve immigrant sanctuaries	1
Facebook Messenger launches its public group chat feature " Rooms " in select markets	Facebook Messenger launches its public group chat feature'Rooms'in select&nbsp;markets	1
Facebook Messenger launches its public group chat feature " Rooms " in select markets	Facebook Messenger launches its public group chat feature & amp ; room feature in select markets	1
Facebook Messenger launches its public group chat feature " Rooms " in select markets	Facebook Messenger launches its public group chat feature, Rooms '' in select&nbsp;markets	1
Facebook Messenger launches its public group chat feature " Rooms " in select markets	Facebook Messenger opens its public group chat feature, & amp ; selects markets' rooms	1
Facebook Messenger launches its public group chat feature " Rooms " in select markets	Facebook Messenger opens its public group chat feature & amp ; chat room in select&nbsp;markets	1
In the longer run Trumpism will be a very bad thing for the economy , writes @PaulKrugman	Trump in the long run will be bad for the economy, writes @PaulKrugman	1
A Russian dissident explains why Clintons concession speech was dangerous	A Russian Dissident Explains Exactly Why Clinton&rsquo;s Concession Speech Was Dangerous	1
A Russian dissident explains why Clintons concession speech was dangerous	A Russian Dissident Explains Exactly Why Clinton&rsquo;s Concession Speech Was So Dangerous	1
A Russian dissident explains why Clintons concession speech was dangerous	A Russian Dissident Explains Why Clinton&rsquo;s Concession Speech Was Dangerous&rsquo;	1
The president-elect is suing D.C. so his luxury hotel can pay less in taxes	Trump Sues DC, So Luxury Hotel Can Pay Less in Taxes	1
Think you can beat @willoremus at the Slate News Quiz ?	Think You&rsquo;re Smarter Than Slate&rsquo;s Willoremus at The News Quiz?	1
We just opened up comments on this article . Thanks for flagging it .	Just opened up comments on this article Thanks for flagging it.	1
A hot souvenir from Cuba for some Americans A cancer vaccine	Hot Souvenir From Cuba for Some Americans Cancer Vaccine.	1
It wasn't always handshakes and hellos between Obama and Trump	It Wasn&rsquo;t Always Handshakes and Hellos Between Obama and Trump	1
The supermoon and other moons that are super in their own ways	Supermoons, And Other Moons, Super in Their Own Ways	1
The supermoon and other moons that are super in their own ways	The moon and other moons that are super in their own way.	1
The supermoon and other moons that are super in their own ways	Super Moons and Other Mons That Are Super in Their Own Ways.	1
The supermoon and other moons that are super in their own ways	Super Moons, Super In Their Own Ways.	1
The supermoon and other moons that are super in their own ways	These tidbits are awesome! The Supermoon and Other Moons Were Super in Their Own Ways	1
The supermoon and other moons that are super in their own ways	The super moons and the other moons that are awesome in their own ways	1
Megyn Kelly sees her story as a cautionary tale for journalists who will cover a Trump White House	Megyn Kellys Tragedy as a Warning for Journalists Who Cover a Trump White House	1
SEC Chair Mary Jo White says she will step down at the end of the Obama administration	Mary Jo White steps down as chair of the SEC at the end of the Obama administration	1
SEC Chair Mary Jo White says she will step down at the end of the Obama administration	SEC Chair Mary Jo White to step down at the end of Obama administration	1
SEC Chair Mary Jo White says she will step down at the end of the Obama administration	Mary Jo White to Step Down from SEC by end of Obama's	1
International students considering college in Donald Trumps U.S. are asking , " Is it safe for me to come there ?	International Students Thinking of College in Donald Trump&rsquo;s U.S. Are Asking, "Is it Safe for Me to Come There?&rsquo;.	1
International students considering college in Donald Trumps U.S. are asking , " Is it safe for me to come there ?	International Students Thinking of College in Donald Trumps US Are Asking, " Is it Safe to Come There?	1
Republicans stole the Supreme Court . Democrats , dont let them get away with it	Republicans Stole the Supreme Court. Democrats, Don&rsquo;t Let Them Get Away With It.	1
Republicans stole the Supreme Court . Democrats , dont let them get away with it	Republicans Stole Supreme Court. Democrats, Don&rsquo;t Let Them Get Away With It	1
Chicago police say charges are expected in death of congressman's grandson	Chicago police: charges in death of congressman's grandson	1
Chicago police say charges are expected in death of congressman's grandson	Chicago police: Charges in Death of Congressman's Grandson	1
The Russian government maintained contacts with members of Donald Trump's " immediate entourage , " a diplomat said	Russian Officials Maintain Contacts With Trump'Immediate Envoyage,'Diplomat Says	1
The Russian government maintained contacts with members of Donald Trump's " immediate entourage , " a diplomat said	Russian government maintains contact with immediate entourage members of Trump, diplomat says	1
Sharon Jones , the lead singer with the band Dap-Kings , has died at the age of 60	Soul singer Sharon Jones dead at 60 RIP Dap-Kings singer Sharon Jones dies at age 60	1
Scared of Trump ? Canadians say there's plenty of room	Scared by Trump? Canadians Say There&rsquo;s Plenty of Room	1
Scared of Trump ? Canadians say there's plenty of room	Can Canadians Still Be Scared by Trump? Canadians Say There's Plenty of Room for Trump	1
How media outlets are avoiding calling Steve Bannon a racist propagandist	What Some Outlets Are Avoiding Calling Steve Bannon a Racist Propagandist	1
Republicans rolled over for Steve Bannon . Theyll roll over when he comes for you , too .	Republicans rolled over for Steve Bannon. They&rsquo;ll roll over when he comes for you, too.	1
Republicans rolled over for Steve Bannon . Theyll roll over when he comes for you , too .	Republicans Rolled Over for Steve Bannon. They&rsquo;ll Roll Over When He Comes for You, Too.	1
Ivanka Trump met with her father and the prime minister of Japan . Potential for conflicts of interest emerge again .	Ivanka Trumps Japan, Japans Prime Minister and Potential Conflicts of Interest Emerge Again	1
Bob Dylan has proved to be an elusive and frustrating Nobel laureate	Bob Dylan Proves to Be an Impeachable and Frustrating Nobel Laureate	1
Judge declares mistrial in trial of Ray Tensing , who faced murder charges for death of Sam DuBose	Judge Declares Mistrial in Ray Tensing vs. Sam DuBose Murder Case	1
Trumps Parade of Cabinet Prospects Looks Like His Old Enemies List	Trump&rsquo;s Parade of Cabinet Prospects Looks Like His Old Enemies List	1
Identity politics never wins elections . But it can lose them .	Identity politics & amp ; politics rarely win elections. But it can lose them.	1
Identity politics never wins elections . But it can lose them .	Identity politics & amp ; Identity politics never win elections. But it can lose them	1
Senior ISIS commander killed in coalition airstrike , Iraqi military sources say .	ISIS Chief Chief Died in Coalition Airstrike, Iraqi Sources Say	1
The plan officially is You should totally trust us , we'll act incredibly responsibly .	The plan officially is You Should Trust Us, We'll Act incredibly Responsible.	1
Chili's refused to honor a Veteran's Day meal deal for a black veteran . They apologized , & amp ; promise to make it right .	Chili's refused to honor a Veteran's Day meal deal for a black veteran, apologised and promised to make it right.	1
Chili's refused to honor a Veteran's Day meal deal for a black veteran . They apologized , & amp ; promise to make it right .	Chili's refused to honor Veteran's Day meal deal for black veteran,& amp ; they apologized.	1
US intelligence director Clapper says he has submitted letter of resignation amid presidential transition	US intelligence director Stephen Clapper submitted a letter of resignation amid presidential transition	1
strike gracious tone . Trump calls Obama " very fine man .	United States strikes gracious tone. Trump calls Obama'very fine man	1
Donald Trump says he may keep parts of Obama health care act	Trump may keep parts of Obamacare	1
Donald Trump says he may keep parts of Obama health care act	President-elect Trump says he might keep parts of the Obama health care law	1
The time for ranting is over , and its time to accept the inevitable , writes @NickKristof	The Time for Rants and Accepting the Inevitable, By @NickKristof	1
China hints at looming trade war as Trump talks to Chinese president	China Tides at Imminent Trade War as Trump Talks To Chinese President	1
We could effectively abolish the Electoral College soon . But we probably won't .	The Electoral College could be abolished soon, but we probably wont.	1
The Democratic Party has " some soul-searching to do in Ohio	The Dems need to do more soul-searching in Ohio	1
A group of raccoons living by in Central Park has become a sort of tourist attraction .	Some kind of raccoon population in Central Park is being touted as the attraction	1
A group of raccoons living by in Central Park has become a sort of tourist attraction .	Raccoons Living By in Central Park Make an Attraction	1
A group of raccoons living by in Central Park has become a sort of tourist attraction .	Raccoons in Central Park Associating With Tourist Attraction.	1
A group of raccoons living by in Central Park has become a sort of tourist attraction .	Raccoons in Central Park Turn Into Tourist Attractions	1
6 people stabbed at mental health facility outside Pittsburgh ; suspect shot and wounded by police	6 people stabbed at mental health facility outside Pittsburgh, police shot suspect & amp ; wounded	1
6 people stabbed at mental health facility outside Pittsburgh ; suspect shot and wounded by police	6 stabbed at mental health facility outside Pittsburgh ; suspect shot & amp ; wounded by police	1
This security camera was infected by malware in 98 seconds after it was plugged in	A security camera infected with Malware 98 seconds after it was plugged in	1
As President Obama exits the world stage , Angela Merkel may be liberal West's last defender	Angela Merkel as Obama Exits World Stage May Be the Liberal Wests Last Defender	1
As President Obama exits the world stage , Angela Merkel may be liberal West's last defender	Angela Merkel May Be the Liberal Wests Last Defender As Obama Exits World Stage	1
Here's how to outsmart fake news in your Facebook and Twitter feeds	How to outsmart fake news in your Facebook feed #Twitter feeds	1
Here's how to outsmart fake news in your Facebook and Twitter feeds	Find out how to fake news in your Facebook and Twitter feeds.	1
If you understand how race and racism works in this country then the Obama/Trump voter is no surprise .	If you understand how race and racism work in this country, then the Obama & amp ; Trump voter is no surprise.	1
WHY WASN'T I NOTIFIED' ? Mom sues after daughter got secret sex change	WHY WASN'T I NOTIFIED? A parent sued her daughter after she got secret sex change treatment	1
I think it's fair to say that I was surprised by the election results	I think it's fair to say that I was surprised by the election results. I was surprised by the.	1
After Brexit , tolerant Britons adopted a simple symbol of solidarity . We should , too .	After Brexit, tolerant Britons adopted a simple symbol of solidarity & amp ; we should too	1
In this Iraqi village , children have to be taught how to avoid bombs that look like toys	In this #Iraqi village, children learn to avoid bombs that look like toys.	1
In a country where voters are split , one party adds to its hold at all levels of government .	One party adds its hold at all levels of government in a country where voters are divided.	1
NES Classic Edition review The best and worst of retro gaming	The best and worst of retro gaming at The NES Classic Edition.	1
With Trump's triumph , the Trans-Pacific Partnership is dead . Few understand what is lost .	With Trump's Triumph, the Trans-Pacific Partnership is dead&nbsp;And Few Understand What&nbsp;Is Losing	1
Is Donald Trump already walking away from campaign promises ?	Is Trump walking away from campaign promises? It sounds like Trump is just walking away from them.	1
Among the new Democratic leaders in Congress are Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren	Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren New Democratic Leaders in Congress	1
Some Guantnamo prisoners were victims of mistaken identity or held on flimsy evidence	Some Guantnamo Prisoner Victims of Misidentity or Held on Flimsy Evidence	1
Some Guantnamo prisoners were victims of mistaken identity or held on flimsy evidence	Some Guantnamo prisoners were victims of misidentification or held on flimsy evidence" property	1
Some Guantnamo prisoners were victims of mistaken identity or held on flimsy evidence	Guantnamo prisoners were victims of false identity, based on a lack of supporting evidence.	1
Some Guantnamo prisoners were victims of mistaken identity or held on flimsy evidence	Guantnamo prisoners accused of false identity and held on the basis of untrue evidence	1
Some Guantnamo prisoners were victims of mistaken identity or held on flimsy evidence	Some Guantnamo prisoners were victims of misidentification, or held on fake evidence.	1
Love is love is love is love is love is love	Love is love is love is love is love Islove is love	1
Love is love is love is love is love is love	Love is love is love is love is love & amp ; is love	1
Do not be taken in by small signs of normality .	Be careful not to be taken by small signs of normality.	1
Do not be taken in by small signs of normality .	Don t be fazed by small signs of normality.	1
Do not be taken in by small signs of normality .	Do not be intimidated by small signs of normality.	1
Do not be taken in by small signs of normality .	Be careful not to be intimidated by small signs of normality.	1
Potential Trump Homeland Security chief believes BLM-ISIS alliance is imminent	Potential Trump Homeland Security Chief Believes Black Lives Matter ISIS Alliance Is Imminent	1
Donald Trump has reached out to Mitt Romney , who had called Trump " a phony , " about naming him as secretary of state	Trump Reaches Out to Mitt Romney, Who Called Trump a Phish, About Nameing Him Secretary of State	1
Donald Trump has reached out to Mitt Romney , who had called Trump " a phony , " about naming him as secretary of state	Trump Reaches Out to Romney, Who Had Called Trump a "phony, " About Name Me as Secretary of State @CNNPolitics	1
LeBron James was not happy with Phil Jackson's " posse " comment	LeBron James Unsatisfied With Phil Jackson's Posse Comment	1
LeBron James was not happy with Phil Jackson's " posse " comment	LeBron James Not Happy With Phil Jacksons Posse Comment	1
LeBron James was not happy with Phil Jackson's " posse " comment	LeBron James Wasn't Happy With Phil Jackson&rsquo;s Posse&rsquo; Comment	1
LeBron James was not happy with Phil Jackson's " posse " comment	LeBron James Unsatisfied With Phil Jacksons Posse Comment	1
LeBron James was not happy with Phil Jackson's " posse " comment	LeBron James Not Happy With Phil Jackson'Posse'Comment	1
Google signs on to the NET Foundation as Samsung brings NET support to Tizen	Google opted to integrate with the NET Foundation as Samsung brought NET support to the #Tizen brand	1
Google signs on to the NET Foundation as Samsung brings NET support to Tizen	Is this a move by @Google to NET Foundation? Samsung will bring NET support to Tizen.	1
Google signs on to the NET Foundation as Samsung brings NET support to Tizen	#Google adds a #NetFoundation piece to @Samsung Tizen	1
Rep. Sean Duffy says " friction " during Trump's transition is " expected	Rep. Sean Duffy says'friction'during Trump transition is'expected '" property	1
SpaceX exec announces he's quitting to do grassroots work to combat the rise of Donald Trump	A SpaceX executive quits his job to make a grassroots push to counter the rise of Donald Trump	1
SpaceX exec announces he's quitting to do grassroots work to combat the rise of Donald Trump	Ex-SpaceX CEO quits'grassroots work to combat the rise of Trump	1
SpaceX exec announces he's quitting to do grassroots work to combat the rise of Donald Trump	SpaceX exec quits to make grassroots work to fight the rise of Donald Trump.	1
I give it a month before the pejorative " mainstream media " has been replaced with " fake news	I give it a month before the pejorative & amp ; mainstream media & amp ; fake news have been replaced	1
LAPD arrests approximately 185 protesters overnight , most for blocking the roadway	The LAPD arrests about 185 protesters overnight. The protesters were apprehended for blocking the roadway.	1
Why wouldn't Facebook let me post death threats I received from Trump supporters ?	Facebook refuses to let me post death threats I received from Trump supporters. What does ht	1
The Trump administration wont protect diversity and inclusion . Corporate America will .	The Trump Administration Won&rsquo;t Protect Diversity and Inclusion. Corporate America Will.	1
The Trump administration wont protect diversity and inclusion . Corporate America will .	Trump&rsquo;s Administration Won&rsquo;t Protect Diversity and Inclusion. Corporate America Will.	1
The Trump administration wont protect diversity and inclusion . Corporate America will .	Trump Administration Won&rsquo;t Protect Diversity and Inclusion;. Corporate America Will.	1
The Trump administration wont protect diversity and inclusion . Corporate America will .	Trump Won't Protect Diversity and Inclusion. Corporate America Will.	1
The Trump administration wont protect diversity and inclusion . Corporate America will .	The Trump Administration Will Not Protect Diversity and Inclusion. Corporate America Will Do. Read More	1
Fake news is a problem . But Facebook is getting away with an even bigger lie	Facebook's Fake News Problem Is Said to Be a Problem. But then Its Becoming an Even Larger LÃ¼ge	1
Crybaby snowflake repubtard cuck got his little girly-man feelings hurt , huh ?	Crybaby snowflake republic cuck hurts little girly-man feelings, huh?	1
Crybaby snowflake repubtard cuck got his little girly-man feelings hurt , huh ?	Crybaby snowflake repubtard cuck hurt his little girly-man feelings, huh?	1
Crybaby snowflake repubtard cuck got his little girly-man feelings hurt , huh ?	Crybaby snowflake repubtard cuck hurts little girly-man feelings, huh?	1
Crybaby snowflake repubtard cuck got his little girly-man feelings hurt , huh ?	Crybaby Snowflake Repubtard Cuck Got His Little Girly-Man Feelings Hurted, Uh-Official	1
Crybaby snowflake repubtard cuck got his little girly-man feelings hurt , huh ?	Crybaby Snowflake Repubtard Cuck Got His Little Girly-Man Feelings Hurted, Uh-oh My God!	1
Hitler's only kidding about the antisemitism New York Times , 1922	Hitler's only kidding about the antisemitism New York Times, 1922 Hitlers only kidding about the'antisemitism '	1
Hitler's only kidding about the antisemitism New York Times , 1922	Hitler's only kidding about antisemitism New York Times 1922 Hitler's only kidding about antisemitism	1
Five industries that should take a cue from Netflix and crowdsource parts of its tech	Five industries that should take a cue from Netflix & amp ; crowdsource parts of its tech	1
Google will ban websites that host fake news from using its ad service	#Google to ban websites that host fake news from using #adservice	1
The start of the end for environmental protections	Environmental Sustainability: A starting point for the end	1
The start of the end for environmental protections	The beginning of the end for ecPath	1
The start of the end for environmental protections	For Environmental Protections, the start of the end	1
Just keep this tab open for the next 4 years Boing Boing's White Supremacy Euphemism Generator	White Supremacy Euphemism Generator for Boing Boing. Keep this tab open for the next 4 years	1
Congressional Clinton probes will go forward post-election , GOP lawmakers say	Congressional Clinton Probations Will Go Forward Post-Election, GOP Legislators Say	1
A news release from Trump's transition team said Reince Priebus and Steve Bannon would work as " equal partners	Priebus and Bannon would work as'equal partners'in Trump transition team announcement	1
President-elect @realDonaldTrump took to Twitter to defend his vice president @mike_pence .	President-Elect Relative to @realDonaldTrump Takes to Twitter to Defend Vice President Mike Pence	1
President-elect @realDonaldTrump took to Twitter to defend his vice president @mike_pence .	Donald Trump took to Twitter to defend his vice president @mike_pence.	1
President-elect @realDonaldTrump took to Twitter to defend his vice president @mike_pence .	Donald Trump takes to Twitter to defend vice president Mike Pence	1
President-elect @realDonaldTrump took to Twitter to defend his vice president @mike_pence .	President-elect @realDonaldTrump defends Vice President @mike_pence on Twitter'	1
Grace Hopper and Margaret Hamilton awarded Presidential Medal of Freedom for computing advances	Grace Hopper & amp ; Margaret Hamilton awarded Presidential Medal of Freedom for Computing Advances	1
Trumps team says it will ban lobbyists from working in the administration	Trump team says it will ban lobbyists working in administration.	1
Trumps team says it will ban lobbyists from working in the administration	Trump team announces ban on lobbyists in administration	1
Voters target Electoral College members to switch their Trump ballots , elect Clinton	Voters target electors ; switching Trump ballots & amp ; electing Clinton	1
As a black woman in journalism , Gwen Ifill spent her stellar career proving people wrong	Gwen Ifill, A Black Woman in Journalism, Spent Her Spellbinding Career Proving People Wrong	1
@AsraNomani is an immigrant , a Muslim and a life-long liberal . She also voted for Trump .	Asra Nomani is an immigrant, a Muslim and a life-long liberal. She also voted for Trump	1
@AsraNomani is an immigrant , a Muslim and a life-long liberal . She also voted for Trump .	Asra Nomani is an immigrant, a Muslim and a life-long liberal. She also voted for Trump.	1
@AsraNomani is an immigrant , a Muslim and a life-long liberal . She also voted for Trump .	Asra Nomani is an immigrant, a Muslim, and a life-long liberal. She also voted for Trump.	1
@AsraNomani is an immigrant , a Muslim and a life-long liberal . She also voted for Trump .	Asra Nomani is an immigrant, a Muslim and a life-long liberal. She also has voted for Donald Trump.	1
@AsraNomani is an immigrant , a Muslim and a life-long liberal . She also voted for Trump .	Asra Nomani is an immigrant, a Muslim and a life-long liberal. She also voted for #Trump	1
@AsraNomani is an immigrant , a Muslim and a life-long liberal . She also voted for Trump .	AsraNomani is an immigrant, a Muslim and a life-long liberal. She also voted for @realDonaldTrump.	1
@AsraNomani is an immigrant , a Muslim and a life-long liberal . She also voted for Trump .	Asra Nomani is an immigrant, a Muslim and a life-long liberal. She also voted for #Trump.	1
Twitter suspends alt-right accounts like Richard Spencer's who we spoke with this summer	Twitter suspends alt-right's like Richard Spencer, who we spoke with this summer.	1
Arizona's presidential electors being harassed , urged not to cast vote for Trump	Arizona voters persecuted by Trump, they are encouraged not to vote in this election	1
Trump protests intensify , as doubts swirl about spontaneity	Trump Protests Rise as Sparks Shift Toward Spontaneity	1
Trump protests intensify , as doubts swirl about spontaneity	Trump protests intensify as spontaneity doubts swirl	1
Media remain hostile to Donald Trump even as some pundits admit they blew it	Media remain hostile to @realDonaldTrump even as some pundits admit they blew it	1
Media remain hostile to Donald Trump even as some pundits admit they blew it	Media remain hostile to @realDonaldTrump even as some pundits admit they blew	1
Media remain hostile to Donald Trump even as some pundits admit they blew it	Media remain hostile to @realDonaldTrump even as some pundits admit they blew it.	1
Media remain hostile to Donald Trump even as some pundits admit they blew it	Media remain hostile to Trump Even as Some Privits Say They Were Blown	1
what is literally the first ocean liner you think of when anyone says ocean liner	When people think of ocean liner, this is the first thing they think of.	1
Chili's refused to honor Veteran's Day meal deal for black veteran	Chili&rsquo;s refused to honor Veteran&rsquo;s Day meal deal for black veteran	1
David Brooks on the life and example of Gwen Ifill . He was a commentator on her show " NewsHour .	David Brooks on Gwen Ifills life and example. He was a commentator for the NewsHour show.	1
David Brooks on the life and example of Gwen Ifill . He was a commentator on her show " NewsHour .	David Brooks on Gwen Ifill's life'and her example He was a commentator on her " NewsHour'show	1
The racist , fascist extreme right is represented footsteps from the Oval Office a Republican said of Steve Bannon	FACTOR the racist, fascist extreme right is represented footsteps from the Oval Office a Republican said of Steve Bannon	1
More Americans voted for Hillary Clinton than Donald Trump	More Americans voted for #HillaryClinton than @realDonaldTrump	1
More Americans voted for Hillary Clinton than Donald Trump	As voters indicated by " vote", more Americans voted for Hillary Clinton, Trump for Trump.	1
We are on the verge of a consumer M & Aavalanche	We are on the verge of a consumer M&amp;A &amp;amp;A & amp ; a M & amp ; a A&nbsp;avalanche	1
We are on the verge of a consumer M & Aavalanche	We are on the verge of a consumer M&amp;A avalanche	1
We are on the verge of a consumer M & Aavalanche	We are on the verge of a consumer M & A avalanche	1
We are on the verge of a consumer M & Aavalanche	We are on the verge of a consumer M & amp ; A & amp ; A avalanche	1
We are on the verge of a consumer M & Aavalanche	We are on the verge of a consumer M&amp;A&nbsp;avalanche	1
Donald Trump's ' Transition Team ' launches	Trump Transition Team launches	1
Donald Trump's ' Transition Team ' launches	President-elect Trump's " transition team " launches	1
What if Hamilton actor had said THIS to Vice President-elect Pence	What Would Happen if the Hamilton actor had said THIS to VP-elect Pence?	1
Donald Trump's push for term limits will run into a wall of resistance in Congress	Trumps word limits fight will set up a wall of resistance in Congress	1
French IoT startup Sigfox confirms 150M Series E at a valuation of around 600M	French IoT startup Sigfox confirms 150M Series E at 600M&nbsp;Value	1
French IoT startup Sigfox confirms 150M Series E at a valuation of around 600M	French IoT startup Sigfox announces 150M Series E raised at 600M valuation	1
French IoT startup Sigfox confirms 150M Series E at a valuation of around 600M	French IoT startup Sigfox confirms 150M Series E at 600M&nbsp;Valuation	1
French IoT startup Sigfox confirms 150M Series E at a valuation of around 600M	French IoT startup Sigfox confirms 150M Series E @vailupt of 600M	1
French IoT startup Sigfox confirms 150M Series E at a valuation of around 600M	French IoT Startup Sigfox confirms 150M Series E at 600M&nbsp;Value	1
French IoT startup Sigfox confirms 150M Series E at a valuation of around 600M	French IoT startup Sigfox confirms 150M Series E @valancing of 600M	1
Black freshmen at UPenn were added to a " Daily Lynching " hate group	Black Freshmen at UPenn Went To a &ldquo;Daily Lynching&rdquo; Hate Group	1
Black freshmen at UPenn were added to a " Daily Lynching " hate group	Black Freshmen at UPenn Additon to a &ldquo;Daily Lynching&rdquo; Hate Group	1
Chilling NASA video shows Arctic ice vanish over the span of 30 years	Watch chilling #NASA animation shows 30 years of Arctic ice vanish	1
Chilling NASA video shows Arctic ice vanish over the span of 30 years	Chilling @NASA video shows Arctic ice disappearing over 30 years	1
Chilling NASA video shows Arctic ice vanish over the span of 30 years	A chilling @NASA - A chilling clip shows 30 years of Arctic ice disappearing	1
Chilling NASA video shows Arctic ice vanish over the span of 30 years	Chilling @NASA - Video Shows Arctic Ice Vanish Over 30 Years.	1
More Democrats should be talking like Harry Reid right now	More Democrats to Talk Like Harry Reid Right Now	1
Russia will withdraw from International Criminal Court under a directive signed by President Vladimir Putin	Russia will withdraw from the International Criminal Court, the move is in line with a directive signed by Putin.	1
President-elect Trump willing to keep parts of ObamaCare	Trump willing to keep parts of Obamacare	1
President-elect Trump willing to keep parts of ObamaCare	President-elect Trump is open to keeping pieces of #ObamaCare I.	1
President-elect Trump willing to keep parts of ObamaCare	Trump willing to keep parts of ObamaCare	1
Who Benefits From Donald Trump's Tax Plan ?	Who Benefits From Donald Trumps Tax Plan? Heres what I mean.	1
Who Benefits From Donald Trump's Tax Plan ?	Who Benefits From Donald Trump&rsquo;s Tax Plan?	1
Who Benefits From Donald Trump's Tax Plan ?	Who Benefits From Trump&rsquo;s Tax Plan?	1
The asteroid that helped wipe out the dinosaurs left a nasty scar on planet Earth	Asteroids, which destroyed dinosaurs, leave a nasty scar on Earth.	1
The asteroid that helped wipe out the dinosaurs left a nasty scar on planet Earth	Almost an asteroid wiped out the dinosaurs. Thats a horrible scar on planet Earth.	1
The asteroid that helped wipe out the dinosaurs left a nasty scar on planet Earth	From the asteroid that helped wipe out the dinosaurs, a nasty scar on the planet Earth has sunk in.	1
Do you have information about abortions Trump may have paid for ? Let us know .	If anyone has info about the abortions Trump has paid for, let us know.	1
If a fruit or vegetable isn't grown in dirt should it still be called organic ?	What Does a Fruit or Vegetable Grow in Dirt? If it isn't grown in dirt, should it still be labelled organic?	1
If a fruit or vegetable isn't grown in dirt should it still be called organic ?	Should a fruit or vegetable be Organic if it isnt grown in dirt?	1
If a fruit or vegetable isn't grown in dirt should it still be called organic ?	Should a fruit or vegetable be "organic" if it isn't grown in dirt?	1
If a fruit or vegetable isn't grown in dirt should it still be called organic ?	Does a fruit or vegetable, if it isn&rsquo;t grown in dirt, deserve to be called organic?	1
A lesson from Italy for Democrats Treat Donald Trump as an ordinary opponent .	A Lektion From Italy for Democrats, Treat Trump as an Ordinary Opponent	1
A lesson from Italy for Democrats Treat Donald Trump as an ordinary opponent .	A Lektion From Italy for Democrats Transform Trump As an Ordinary Opponent	1
A lesson from Italy for Democrats Treat Donald Trump as an ordinary opponent .	Italy Lessons for Democrats Treat Trump as an Ordinary Opponent	1
Watch Kate McKinnon perform Leonard Cohens " Hallelujah " on Saturday Night Live	Watch Kate McKinnon perform Leonard Cohen&rsquo;s â€œHallelujah&rsquo; on Saturday Night Live	1
Watch Kate McKinnon perform Leonard Cohens " Hallelujah " on Saturday Night Live	Kate McKinnon performs Leonard Cohen&rsquo;s " Hallelujah&rsquo; on Saturday Night Live	1
After a trip back in time , Michael Stipe is ready to return to music	Michael Stipe Set to Return to Music After a Time-Shaped Trip	1
President of university founded by Jefferson asked to not quote Jefferson	President of the University founded by Jefferson, who is being asked to not quote.	1
Before the election , a note on their door said " Terrorist Leave no one wants you here . After it , they're afraid .	Is. After it, they are afraid. before the election, a note on my door said. Terrorist Leave no one wants you here.	1
Say hello to the newest member of the Bush family . This is rescue puppy Freddy	Introducing the Bush Family. Rescue puppy Freddy.	1
Say hello to the newest member of the Bush family . This is rescue puppy Freddy	Go see this. Bush family newest member rescue puppy Freddy	1
Ted Cruz visited Trump Tower to meet with President-elect Donald Trump	Ted Cruz meets with President-elect Donald Trump at Trump Tower	1
Donald Trump is bringing America government by the worst men .	Donald Trump, by the worst men, is bringing America government.	1
Donald Trump is bringing America government by the worst men .	Trump is bringing America government from the worst men.	1
s unstated criticism of Clinton's campaign echoes my summarizing point here	s unqualified criticism of Clinton campaign echoes my summarizing point here	1
AZ cop put on administrative leave after cellphone video showed him punching a woman in the face during arrest .	A police officer in Arizona was put on administrative leave after cellphone video showed him punching a woman in the face during his arrest.	1
You can probably shrug off the supermoon . But there are other moons .	What Could You Throw Off The Supermoon? There Are Other Moons.	1
Pence says no need for apology after Hamilton jeers , lecture	Pence Says No Need for Apologia After Hamilton Jeers, Lecture	1
Pence says no need for apology after Hamilton jeers , lecture	Pence says no need for apology. Hamilton jeers, lectures	1
NJ train engineer in fatal crash had undiagnosed sleep apnea , lawyer says .	In Fatal Crash NJ Train Engineer Had Undeclared Sleep Apnea, Lawyer Says	1
Donald Trump says he plans to immediately deport approximately 2 to 3 million undocumented immigrants	Trump says plan to immediately deport approximately 2 to 3 million undocumented immigrants.	1
Boom's supersonic jets will pick up where the Concorde left off	Boom will create a supersonic jet that takes off from the Concorde.	1
Boom's supersonic jets will pick up where the Concorde left off	Boom&rsquo;s supersonic jets pick up where the Concorde left off	1
Boom's supersonic jets will pick up where the Concorde left off	Boom's supersonic jets to pick up where Concorde left off	1
Americans aren't just divided after the election . We're divided over whether all have the same standing as Americans	Americans Aren&rsquo;t Just Divided After the Election. We&rsquo;re Divided Over whether All Have the Same Standing as Americans.	1
Americans aren't just divided after the election . We're divided over whether all have the same standing as Americans	Americans arent just divided after the election. Were divided over whether all have the same standing as Americans.	1
Americans aren't just divided after the election . We're divided over whether all have the same standing as Americans	Americans aren&rsquo;t Just Divided After the Election. We&rsquo;re Divided Over The Same Status as Americans.	1
Americans aren't just divided after the election . We're divided over whether all have the same standing as Americans	Americans Arent Just Divided After the Election. Were Divided Over whether All Have the Same Standing As Americans.	1
Speaker Paul Ryan We are not planning on erecting a deportation force	Paul Ryan : "We are not planning on erecting a deportation force	1
Speaker Paul Ryan We are not planning on erecting a deportation force	Paul Ryan says he has no plans for erecting a deportation force.	1
More than 100,000 Americans rushed to buy health insurance under the Affordable Care Act	More than 100,000 Americans rushed to buy health insurance over the Obamacare law	1
How does the Electoral College work ?	What Does the Electoral College Mean?	1
How does the Electoral College work ?	What does the Electoral College mean?	1
Paul Ryan to maintain US House speaker role after unanimous GOP vote	GOP votes for Paul Ryan to remain US House Speaker after unanimous GOP vote	1
Trump to assemble cabinet from roster of loyalists	President-elect Donald Trump will assemble cabinet from a roster of loyalists.	1
A Trump dynasty ? The Berlusconi experience in Italy provides a blueprint to thwart it .	Berlusconi's Italy is a valuable example of how to defeat the Trump dynasty	1
A Trump dynasty ? The Berlusconi experience in Italy provides a blueprint to thwart it .	A Trump Dynasty? Berlusconi's Italy Experience Strategic Looms To Tothwart It	1
Tears ' and ' fear Harry Reid is not taking Trump's election well	Tears'and'Fear Harry Reid Is Not Taken Trumps Election Well.	1
Tears ' and ' fear Harry Reid is not taking Trump's election well	Tears & amp ; Fears Harry Reid Is Not Taking Trump's Election Well	1
When we look back , well see something different from Clinton's abrupt , shocking defeat .	When we look back, we see something different from Clinton&rsquo;s abrupt, shocking defeat.	1
When we look back , well see something different from Clinton's abrupt , shocking defeat .	When We Look Back, We See Something Different From Clinton's Immediately Discouraging, Shocking Death	1
Pioneering woman Chinese fighter pilot Yu Xu killed in an accident , according to Chinese state-run media .	The first female Chinese fighter pilot has been killed in an accident, according to Chinese state-run media.	1
North Korea begs China to stop calling Kim Jong Un fat	#NorthKoreaBegs #China to Stop Calling Kim Jong Un Fat	1
North Korea begs China to stop calling Kim Jong Un fat	Pyongyang begs China to stop calling Kim Jong Un Fat	1
First comes the emergency . Then comes the surprise out-of-network bill .	First comes the emergency bill then comes the surprise out-of-network billing	1
First comes the emergency . Then comes the surprise out-of-network bill .	First the urgent situation and then the surprise out-of-network bill.	1
First comes the emergency . Then comes the surprise out-of-network bill .	First, the emergency bill, then the surprise out-of-network bill.	1
Trump's lawyer threatened me , seemed OK with me getting physically hurt .	Trump '' Lawyer Threatened Me, Sounded OK With Me Getting Physically Stunned	1
Donald Trump chose Reince Priebus as his chief of staff and Steve Bannon as a chief strategist and senior counselor	Trump chooses Reince Priebus as his Chief of Staff, and Steve Bannon as his Chief Strategy and Senior Counsel.	1
Donald Trump chose Reince Priebus as his chief of staff and Steve Bannon as a chief strategist and senior counselor	The first two Trumps decided Priebus as his chief of staff and Bannon as a chief strategist and senior counselor	1
One high school student said that after the election , school is " a different environment	One High School Student Says School Is A'Different Environment After the Election'@CNNPolitics	1
The brash Conor McGregor delivered a knockout in the UFC's New York debut	Conor McGregor, the brash Conor McGregor, Delivers a Knockout in the UFCs New York Debut	1
The brash Conor McGregor delivered a knockout in the UFC's New York debut	Conor McGregor, the Bombshell of UFC New York, Delivers a Knockout in UFC New York Debut	1
Preinstalled software in some Android phones monitor where users go , whom they talk to and what they write in texts	Some Android phones preinstall software to monitor text usage, who they talk to and what they write in texts.	1
The overwhelming majority of Black Friday deals are duds . Here's how to find the bargains .	The overwhelming majority of Black Friday deals are duds. Heres How to Find the Deals	1
The overwhelming majority of Black Friday deals are duds . Here's how to find the bargains .	Black Friday: How to Find the Deals The overwhelming majority of Black Friday deals are duds	1
Republicans stole the Supreme Court . Democrats , dont let them get away with it .	Republicans Stole the Supreme Court. Democrats, Don&rsquo;t Let Them Get Away With It.	1
Republicans stole the Supreme Court . Democrats , dont let them get away with it .	Republicans Stole Supreme Court. Democrats, Don&rsquo;t Let Them Get Away With It.	1
you are unlikely to experience a good night sleep after reading this by Timothy Snyder	Timothy Snyder on sleep. It is hard to imagine a sleep that would occur without this guy reading this.	1
The grownups are in charge . The adults are back in the White House .	The Adults Are Back in the White House The Adults Are in Charge	1
Dem establishment made and primed a doomsday device that Trump will now control	The Dem establishment made and primed a doomsday device that Trump will now control&nbsp;output	1
Dem establishment made and primed a doomsday device that Trump will now control	DEMOCRATS THEORY INCREASE Makes and Primed a Doomsday Device Trump Will Now Control	1
Dem establishment made and primed a doomsday device that Trump will now control	Democratic establishment made and primed a doomsday device that Trump will now control	1
Dem establishment made and primed a doomsday device that Trump will now control	The Democratic establishment makes and primed a doomsday device that Trump will now control	1
President-elect Donald Trump has " emboldened the forces of hate	Trump pushes'forces of hate '.	1
President-elect Donald Trump has " emboldened the forces of hate	Trump has'inspired the forces of hate	1
President-elect Donald Trump has " emboldened the forces of hate	President-elect Trump has encouraged " forces of hate	1
49ers QB Colin Kaepernick I think it would be hypocritical of me to vote	Colin Kaepernick - NFL Football Colin Kaepernick would be hypocritical'to vote	1
Media coverage of " issues that divide us " is " irresponsible	This is'irresponsible " media coverage of'issues that divide us '.	1
Democrats hope Donald Trump meets his match in Sen. Chuck Schumer	Democrats hope Trump meets his match in Schumer Senate	1
North Carolina lawmaker rebuked over fake newspaper article about election	A North Carolina lawmaker is rebuked after being affixed to a fake newspaper headline about the election.	1
Alt-right " news " websites are dangerous , and increasingly influential , writes @NickKristof	Why alt-right'news'websites are dangerous, and increasingly influential, writes NikkKristof	1
The 11 most soothing Joe Biden memes for a post-election America	11 Most Comfy Joe Biden Memes for Americas Post-Election	1
Coddling campus crybabies Students take up toddler therapy after Trump win	CRYBABIES Coddling campus CRYBADS Students take up toddler therapy after Trump win	1
In case what you're really looking for is a story about a lost dog in Brooklyn	What you&rsquo;re Really Looking For Is a Story About a Lost Dog in Brooklyn	1
In case what you're really looking for is a story about a lost dog in Brooklyn	What Youre Really Looking For Is a Story About a Lost Dog in Brooklyn	1
In case what you're really looking for is a story about a lost dog in Brooklyn	Watch What You&rsquo;re Really Looking For Is a Story About a Lost Dog in Brooklyn	1
A renewed blitz on Syria's eastern Aleppo has killed almost 300 people in five days , rescuers say .	Refreshing bomb on Syria's eastern city of Aleppo kills almost 300 people in 5 days says rescuers	1
A renewed blitz on Syria's eastern Aleppo has killed almost 300 people in five days , rescuers say .	Resurgent bombing on eastern Syrian city of Aleppo kills nearly 300 people in five days, rescuers say	1
Sprinklr acquires LittleBird , a tool for finding experts on anything via Twitter	Sprinklr acquires LittleBird, a tool for finding experts on&nbsp;anything via Twitter	1
David Plouffe ran Obamas 2008 campaign . Here's what he thinks he got wrong about this election	David Plouffe Running Obamas 2008 Campaign. Here&rsquo;s What He Gets Wrong About This Election	1
David Plouffe ran Obamas 2008 campaign . Here's what he thinks he got wrong about this election	David Plouffe, founder of Obamas 2008 campaign, says many things he got wrong about the Election.	1
For continuity's sake , CNN should keep paying him while he's in the White House	For continuity's sake, CNN should pay him WHILE he's in the White. I agree	1
For continuity's sake , CNN should keep paying him while he's in the White House	For continuity's sake, CNN should pay him for while he's in the White House	1
Trump's transition , already shaken up , fell into disarray after a top national security adviser resigned	Trumps Transition, Already Shaken, Fallen In, Already In Trouble After Top National Security Advisor Resigned Trumps Strategies, uhm?	1
Trump's transition , already shaken up , fell into disarray after a top national security adviser resigned	Trumps Transition, Already Shaken, Fallen Into Disarray After Top National Security Advisor Resigns @CNNPolitics	1
Trump's transition , already shaken up , fell into disarray after a top national security adviser resigned	Donald Trumps Transition, Already Shaken, Fallen In After Top N-Security Adviser Steps Down	1
Snapchat's fans , not the media , are telling the world about Spectacles	Snapchat&rsquo;s Fans, Not The Media, Are Telling the World About Spectacles	1
The glaring contradiction at the heart of Donald Trumps economic policy	The glaring contradiction at the heart of Trump&rsquo;s economic policy	1
It's time for Democrats to move far past the Clintons , says @FrankBruni	Its time for Democrats to move far past the Clintons, writes FrankBruni	1
China's leader spoke with US President-elect Donald Trump to congratulate him on his election victory .	China's top leader speaks with Trump congratulating him on his election victory	1
Donald Trump floats an olive branch might keep parts of the health law	Trump's plan to float an olive branch might keep parts of the Health Law. He's a.	1
I can assure the American people " there won't be " any sort of undue influence .	For the American people, there won't be any sort of undue influence.	1
The ascent of California as a center of design has been unstoppable	Ascent of California as Design Center Unstoppable	1
Google and Facebook ban fake news sites from their advertising networks	Google and Facebook ban fake news from advertising & amp ; news sites	1
Google and Facebook ban fake news sites from their advertising networks	Google & amp ; Facebook ban fake news sites from using their advertising networks	1
Don't fear Trump legislation . It's what he can do without Congress that's terrifying .	Don't fear'Trump's bills. Its what he can do without Congress that's terrifying.	1
Don't fear Trump legislation . It's what he can do without Congress that's terrifying .	Don&rsquo;t fear Trump&rsquo;s legislation. It&rsquo;s what he can do without Congress that&rsquo;s terrifying.	1
Don't fear Trump legislation . It's what he can do without Congress that's terrifying .	Don't fear the #Trump legislation. Its what he can do without congress that is terrifying.	1
Iraqi security forces discovered two mass graves near the city of Mosul containing around 250 bodies , police say .	Two mass graves near the city of Mosul found with around 250 bodies, Iraqi police say.	1
Where the Democrats go from here , by @BernieSanders .	From Here, the Democrats Go, From Here By #BernieSanders	1
Where the Democrats go from here , by @BernieSanders .	Where the Dems Go From Here, by @BernieSanders.	1
When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999 , she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched in 1999,  Gilmore Girls '' she knew the final four words a character would say.	1
When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999 , she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched in 1999,  Gilmore Girls '' she knew the final 4 words a character would say.	1
As ratings plummet , the NFL considers reducing ads and the length of games	As Ratings Plummet, N.F.L. Considers Reducing Ads and Length of Games	1
As ratings plummet , the NFL considers reducing ads and the length of games	In the wake of falling ratings, the NFL is looking to reduce ads & amp ; length of games.	1
As ratings plummet , the NFL considers reducing ads and the length of games	NFL Considers Reducing Ads and Length of Games As Ratings Plummet	1
How to Survive an Autocracy . Masha Gessen , who grew up in Putin's Russia , has 6 rules for the Trump era .	How to Survive an Autocracy Masha Gessen, from Putins Russia, outlines 6 rules for the Trump era.	1
A #supermoon rises and will be the closest full moon to Earth since 1948 .	A Super Moon Rises, and It Will Be the Most Closer Full Moon to Earth Since 1948.	1
A #supermoon rises and will be the closest full moon to Earth since 1948 .	A Supermoon Rises, and It Will Be the Closest Full Moon to Earth Since 1948.	1
A #supermoon rises and will be the closest full moon to Earth since 1948 .	A Super Moon Rises and Be the Closest Full Moon to Earth since 1948.	1
A #supermoon rises and will be the closest full moon to Earth since 1948 .	A Super Moon Rises and is the Closest Full Moon to Earth since 1948	1
A #supermoon rises and will be the closest full moon to Earth since 1948 .	Super Moon Ahead! A Super Moon Rises and Be the Closest Full Moon to Earth Since 1948.	1
A #supermoon rises and will be the closest full moon to Earth since 1948 .	A Super Moon Rises, and It Will Be the Closest Full Moon to Earth Since 1948.	1
The political and social establishments are not the only establishments the Trumps have ignored , @VVFriedman writes	Politics and Social Establishments are not the only establishments Trumps ignore, writes @VVFriedman	1
Putin looking to collect on his investment in Trump's campaign .	Russias Putin Looking to Collect on His Investment in Trump's Campaign	1
Putin looking to collect on his investment in Trump's campaign .	Putin has been exploring ways to make money on his investment in Trump's campaign.	1
The Trump administration wont protect diversity and inclusion . Corporate America will	Donald Trump Won&rsquo;t Protect Diversity & amp ; Inclusion. Corporate America Will..	1
The Trump administration wont protect diversity and inclusion . Corporate America will	The Trump Administration Won&rsquo;t Protect Diversity and Inclusion. Corporate America Will.	1
The Trump administration wont protect diversity and inclusion . Corporate America will	Trump Administration wont protect diversity & amp ; inclusion Corporate America will try to do it.	1
The Trump administration wont protect diversity and inclusion . Corporate America will	THOUGHTS : The Trump Administration Won&rsquo;t Protect Diversity and Inclusion. Corporate America Will.	1
The Trump administration wont protect diversity and inclusion . Corporate America will	Trump Administration Won&rsquo;t Protect Diversity and Inclusion. Corporate America Will..	1
The Trump administration wont protect diversity and inclusion . Corporate America will	The Trump Administration Won&rsquo;t Protect Diversity and Inclusion. Corporate America Will..	1
The Trump administration wont protect diversity and inclusion . Corporate America will	The Trump Administration Won't Protect Diversity and Inclusion. Corporate America Will.	1
Bernie Sanders on the election of Donald Trump I am saddened , but not surprised , by the outcome	Bernie Sanders - Bernie Sanders On Trump Election I am saddened, but not surprised, by the outcome.	1
Trump names directors of his " blind trust " to White House transition team	Donald Trump nominates directors of his'blind trust'to the White House transition team @CNNPolitics	1
Trump names directors of his " blind trust " to White House transition team	Trump names directors of his &ldquo;blind trust&rdquo; to White House transition team	1
Trump names directors of his " blind trust " to White House transition team	Trump names director of his'blind trust'to White House transition team @CNNPolitics	1
Maine just voted for a better way to vote . So should you !	Maine just voted for a better way to vote, and should	1
asks why Army band can't play ' Jingle Bells ' at Christmas show	Why Army Band Cant Play'Jingle Bells'at Christmas Show	1
Americans are freaking out about losing Obamacare	Americans are freaking out about losing #Obamacare.	1
Americans are freaking out about losing Obamacare	Americans are freaking out about losing theACA	1
Americans are freaking out about losing Obamacare	Americans are freaking out about losing ACA	1
Vice President-elect Mike Pence is taking over the Trump transition from Chris Christie	Vice President-Elect Pence to Take Over Trump Transition From Christie	1
Vice President-elect Mike Pence is taking over the Trump transition from Chris Christie	Vice President-elect Mike Pence to Take Over Trump Transition from Christie	1
Vice President-elect Mike Pence is taking over the Trump transition from Chris Christie	Vice President-elect Pence takes over Trump transition from Christie	1
Grubhub CEO tells pro-Trump employees to resign	the CEO at Grubhub told pro-Trump employees to resign	1
One lesson for Dems Don't run the candidate whose turn it is .	One Lesson for Dems Dont Run the Candidate Whose Turn It Is	1
One lesson for Dems Don't run the candidate whose turn it is .	One Lesson for Democrats Don't Run the Candidate Whose Turn It Is	1
One lesson for Dems Don't run the candidate whose turn it is .	One Lesson for Democrats Don&rsquo;t Run the Candidate Whose Turn It Is	1
One lesson for Dems Don't run the candidate whose turn it is .	One Lesson for Dems Don&rsquo;t Run the Candidate Whose Turn It Is	1
Can the " secret government " save us from Donald Trump ?	Can the'secret government' save us from &ldquo;Trump&rdquo;?	1
Can the " secret government " save us from Donald Trump ?	Is the Secret Government going to save us from #Trump?	1
Leonard Cohen , epic and enigmatic songwriter , dies at 82	Leonard Cohen, epic & amp ; enigmatic songwriter, dies at 82	1
He's 119-years old and still running ? Not so fast .	Running Still at 119? How's that for a running man?	1
He's 119-years old and still running ? Not so fast .	I&rsquo;m 119&rsquo; Still Running? Not So Fast.	1
Since August , one area of Italy has endured about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks	Italy, experiencing an earthquake, has had about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks since August.	1
Since August , one area of Italy has endured about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks	Italy's earthquakes, aftershocks, etc. Since August, One Area of Italy Has Experienced About 28,500 Earthquakes	1
Free beer for life ? These retirees are being cut off .	Free Beer for Life? These Retirements Cut Off	1
Here's how Hillary Clinton spent the morning after her concession to Donald Trump	Clinton spent the morning after concession to Donald Trump.	1
Dog Parker , because even your dogs deserve a smart home	#DogParker, because even your dogs deserve a&nbsp;smart&nbsp;home	1
Dog Parker , because even your dogs deserve a smart home	Dog Parker, because even your dogs deserve a smart&nbsp;home	1
In a private chat , Facebook executives questioned what role the company played in the elections outcome	Facebook executives in private chat questioned what role the company played in the #election outcomes	1
In a private chat , Facebook executives questioned what role the company played in the elections outcome	In a Private Chat, Facebook Executives Questioned What Rolle The Company Played in the Election Outcome	1
FBI TO BLAME ? tells #DNC fundraisers #Comey letter sank her presidential bid	FBI to Blame? Tells #DNC fundraisers. Comey letter sank presidential bid	1
FBI TO BLAME ? tells #DNC fundraisers #Comey letter sank her presidential bid	FBI TO BLAME? Tells DNC fundraisers'Comey Letter Sank presidential bid	1
FBI TO BLAME ? tells #DNC fundraisers #Comey letter sank her presidential bid	FBI to bludgeon? tells #DNC fundraisers'Comey letter sank her presidential bid!	1
Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner will not seek security clearances , sources say	Jared Kushner & amp ; Ivanka Trump Will Not Demand Security Clearances, Sources Say	1
Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner will not seek security clearances , sources say	Ivanka Trump, Jared Kushner not seeking security clearances, sources say	1
Police in Portland call anti-Trump protests a riot , saying projectiles thrown at officers and cars damaged .	Anti-Trump Protests a riot Portland police say projectiles thrown at officers and cars damaged	1
Police in Portland call anti-Trump protests a riot , saying projectiles thrown at officers and cars damaged .	Anti-Trump Protests Turn Into a riot Portland police call Anti-Trump protests riot, say projectiles thrown at officers and cars damaged	1
Fake news on Facebook ? In foreign elections , thats not new .	Fake news on Facebook in foreign elections, that&rsquo;s not new.	1
Fake news on Facebook ? In foreign elections , thats not new .	Fake news on Facebook? In foreign elections, that&rsquo;s not new.	1
Fake news on Facebook ? In foreign elections , thats not new .	Facebook fake news for foreign elections, not new.	1
What will a Trump administration mean for the nation's public lands ? Hopes and fears abound .	What Will A Trump Administration Mean for America&rsquo;s Public Lands? Hopes and Fears Abound.	1
What will a Trump administration mean for the nation's public lands ? Hopes and fears abound .	What Will a Trump Administration Mean for the Nation&rsquo;s Public Lands? Hopes and Fears Abound.	1
How Apple Empowers , and Employs , the American Working Class	Apple Empowers and Employs the American Working Class	1
How Apple Empowers , and Employs , the American Working Class	How Apple empowers and & amp ; employs the American Working Class	1
FBI director's letters about email probe ' stopped our momentum	F.B.I. director's letters about email probe'stopped momentum" property	1
FBI director's letters about email probe ' stopped our momentum	F.B.I. director's letters about email probe'stopped momentum	1
An important read if you're worried about how a President Trump will treat the press	A good read for those who have ever worried about how president-elect @realDonaldTrump will treat the press.	1
An important read if you're worried about how a President Trump will treat the press	One important read for those wondering how Trump will treat the press	1
Snap is selling its camera-embedded sunglasses exclusively through vending machines	Snap is selling its camera-embedded sunglasses exclusively through vending machines.&nbsp;Just	1
Steve Bannon compares himself favorably to " Dick Cheney , Darth Vader , Satan	Steve Bannon compares himself favorably to'Satan,'Darth Vader,'Dick Cheney	1
Steve Bannon compares himself favorably to " Dick Cheney , Darth Vader , Satan	Steve Bannon compares Himself Favorably to " " Satan, " Darth Vader, and Cheney	1
Steve Bannon compares himself favorably to " Dick Cheney , Darth Vader , Satan	Steve Bannon Compares Himself Favorably to'Satan,'Darth Vader,'Dick Cheney,'Steve Bannon	1
Steve Bannon compares himself favorably to " Dick Cheney , Darth Vader , Satan	Steve Bannon Compares Himself Favorably to & amp ; Dick Cheney, Darth Vader & amp ; Satan	1
From someone who covers the areas that I do having some major deja vu here .	From someone who covers the areas that I do, I have some major deja vu here.	1
From someone who covers the areas that I do having some major deja vu here .	While I am working on the areas, I had some big deja vu.	1
From someone who covers the areas that I do having some major deja vu here .	Having some major deja vu here from someone who covers the areas that I do.	1
From someone who covers the areas that I do having some major deja vu here .	Coming from someone who covers the areas I do, I had some major deja vu here.	1
From someone who covers the areas that I do having some major deja vu here .	From someone who covers the areas that I do, I am having some big deja vu here.	1
From someone who covers the areas that I do having some major deja vu here .	Already vu comes down to this from someone who covers the areas that I do.	1
From someone who covers the areas that I do having some major deja vu here .	From someone who covers the areas that I do here we have some major deja vu.	1
Snap has inverted the hardware funnel in a way that we havent seen since the Flip camera	Snap has adapted the hardware funnel in a way wevent seen since Flip camera Snap has inverted the hardware funnel	1
Snap has inverted the hardware funnel in a way that we havent seen since the Flip camera	Snap has inverted the hardware funnel in a way we haven&rsquo;t seen since the Flip camera.	1
Snap has inverted the hardware funnel in a way that we havent seen since the Flip camera	Snap has inverted the HardwareFlip Camera in a way we havent seen since the.	1
Meet the new Trump , same as the old Trump @AshleyRParker and me	Meet the New Trump, Same as the Old Trump! Ashley RParker and Me	1
Meet the new Trump , same as the old Trump @AshleyRParker and me	Meet the New Trump, Same as the Old Trump - Aishley RParker & amp ; Me	1
Meet the new Trump , same as the old Trump @AshleyRParker and me	Meet the New Trump, Same As The Old Trump @AshleyParker & amp ; Me	1
15 families share the Thanksgiving dishes that speak most about their heritage and traditions	15 Families Share Their Thanksgiving Recipes They Think Reflect Their Traditions	1
Soyuz capsule carrying 3 astronauts docks with the International Space Station	Soyuz capsule carrying 3 astronauts docks with International Space Station Soyuz capsule	1
Canceled classes , a cry-in and more College campuses reel from Trump win	Canceled classes, a cry-in & amp ; more College campuses reel from Trump win	1
Howard Dean throws his hat into the ring for DNC chair	Howard Deans hat is in the ring for DNC chair	1
Carrie Fisher says she and Harrison Ford had an affair on the set of Star Wars	Carrie Fisher: Harrison Ford and Carrie Fisher Had an Affair on the Set of Star Wars	1
Ivanka Trumps presence at meeting with the Prime Minister of Japan has raised more questions	Ivanka Trumps Presidency at Meeting With Japanese Prime Minister Seizes Questions	1
Ivanka Trumps presence at meeting with the Prime Minister of Japan has raised more questions	Japan's Prime Minister Ivanka Trumps Presence at Meeting With Ivanka Trump Raised Questions	1
House Speaker Paul Ryan nominated by Republican conference to be re-elected	House Republicans nominate Paul Ryan to be re-elected as speaker.	1
House Speaker Paul Ryan nominated by Republican conference to be re-elected	Ryan named by House Republican conference to be re-elected as speaker.	1
House Speaker Paul Ryan nominated by Republican conference to be re-elected	Ryan nominated by Republican conference to be re-elected as speaker	1
The stories of how these families celebrate Thanksgiving help tell the story of the U.S. , the story of who we are	How the stories of these families celebrating Thanksgiving help tell the story of our country, of who we are	1
The stories of how these families celebrate Thanksgiving help tell the story of the U.S. , the story of who we are	The stories of how these families celebrate Thanksgiving help tell the story of who America is.	1
The stories of how these families celebrate Thanksgiving help tell the story of the U.S. , the story of who we are	How these families celebrate Thanksgiving, tell the story of the United States, the story of who we are	1
Trump's rumored housing secretary is best known for keeping his county segregated	Trump's rumored housing secretary to be best known for keeping his #county segregated.	1
Trump's rumored housing secretary is best known for keeping his county segregated	Trump's Rumored Housing Secretary is Best Known for Keepin His County Segregated.	1
Trump supporters vow never to use Grubhub after CEO memo goes viral	Trump supporters vow never to use Grubhub after CEO memo goes viral Trump supporters say they wont use it!	1
Terror attacks in the developed world surge 650% in one year	The global terrorist attacks in developed nations shot 650% in one year	1
How Trump pushed the election map to the right	How @realDonaldTrump got the Election Map to the Right	1
India train crash update at least 96 people killed and many injured after express derails in Uttar Pradesh	India train crash kills 96, at least 11 people injured in Uttar Pradesh Express derails.	1
India train crash update at least 96 people killed and many injured after express derails in Uttar Pradesh	India train crash kills at least 96 people & amp ; many injured after express derailment in Uttar Pradesh	1
The grandson of a sitting congressman was shot to death in Chicago Friday evening .	Retired congressman's grandson was shot to death Friday night in Chicago.	1
Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism This world is racist , OK ?	Kanye West urged black people to stop focusing on racism. This is a racist world.	1
Why it's difficult to predict what Trump will actually do as president	Its Hard to Predict What Trump Will Do As President. In a nutshell :	1
Were seeing a new divide within the Hispanic community . On how Florida voted	Here&rsquo;s How Florida Voted &rsquo;Were seeing a New Divide Within Hispanic Community	1
Were seeing a new divide within the Hispanic community . On how Florida voted	Were seeing a new divide within Hispanic communities The story of how Florida voted	1
This is what we're normalizing and flags are just the beginning .	The new flags we're normalizing are just the beginning.	1
Mike Pence saw " Hamilton , " and heard a message that wasn't in the script . Donald Trump wasn't happy .	Mike Pence, while watching Hamilton, I heard a message that wasn't in the script. Donald Trump wasn't happy.	1
Mike Pence saw " Hamilton , " and heard a message that wasn't in the script . Donald Trump wasn't happy .	Mike Pence Seen Hamilton, and Heard a Line That Wasnt in the Act. Donald Trump Wasnt Happy.	1
Mike Pence saw " Hamilton , " and heard a message that wasn't in the script . Donald Trump wasn't happy .	Michael Pence In Away saw Hamilton and heard a message that wasn't in the script. Donald Trump wasn't happy.	1
Mike Pence saw " Hamilton , " and heard a message that wasn't in the script . Donald Trump wasn't happy .	Mike Pence Saw Hamilton, and Heheart Saw a Question Not in the Skript. Trump Wasnt Happy.	1
Mike Pence saw " Hamilton , " and heard a message that wasn't in the script . Donald Trump wasn't happy .	Hamilton '' was a, "" message that wasnt in the script. Trump wasn't happy. Pence plays to that tune.	1
At Standing Rock , protesters need their own kind of fuel . They get it via a chaotic yet robust network .	Standing Rock: Protesters Need Their Own Fuel: They Get It Via a Chaos Yet Robust Network	1
writes that all Donald Trump needs to do is what he presumably does best	He writes that Trump's all he needs to do is what he presumably does best.	1
3 cows stranded on patch of land after powerful New Zealand earthquake	New Zealand earthquake rocks quake, stranding 3 cows on patch of land	1
Hillary Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate besides Obama	Hillary likely got more votes than any candidate aside Obama	1
Hillary Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate besides Obama	Clinton probably got more votes than any candidate other than Obama.	1
Man attempts illegal soak in acidic Yellowstone hot pool reduced to wallet and flip-flops	Man attempts illegal soak in acidic Yellowstone hot pool, turns into wallet and flip-flops.	1
Man attempts illegal soak in acidic Yellowstone hot pool reduced to wallet and flip-flops	Man attempts illegal soak in Yellowstone acidic hot pool with wallet and flip-flops	1
Suck it up Lawmaker wants to cut funding for schools coddling students over Trump	Suck it up #LegalTree wants to cut funding for schools coddling students over #Trump.	1
How to channel your anger and despair into action	How to Channel Your Anger & amp ; Sadness Into Action	1
Donald Trump has threatened deportations . Catholic bishops say they're preparing to defend immigrants and refugees .	Catholic Bishops Point to Trump's Threat of Deportation, Seeking to Restore Refugees	1
Donald Trump has threatened deportations . Catholic bishops say they're preparing to defend immigrants and refugees .	Catholic Bishops Battle for Refugees Trump Threatens Deportations	1
Donald Trump has threatened deportations . Catholic bishops say they're preparing to defend immigrants and refugees .	This is really bad. Trump Threatened Deportations. Catholic Bishops Say They're preparing to defend Immigrants and Refugees	1
Liberal activists are doing deeper strategizing for what they think will be tumultuous times under Donald Trump	Liberal activists are doing deeper strategizing for what they think will be tumultuous times under #Trump	1
Liberal activists are doing deeper strategizing for what they think will be tumultuous times under Donald Trump	Liberals are doing deeper strategizing for what they think will be tumultuous times under @realDonaldTrump.	1
Liberal activists are doing deeper strategizing for what they think will be tumultuous times under Donald Trump	Liberal activists are doing deeper strategizing for what they expect will be tumultuous times under @realDonaldTrump	1
They swore allegiance to the " Hong Kong nation . Now they're barred from the legislature .	They swore allegiance to the  Hong Kong nation '' and now are barred from the legislature	1
They swore allegiance to the " Hong Kong nation . Now they're barred from the legislature .	They swore Allegiance to the " Hong Kong Nation. Now theyre barred from the Legislative	1
20 things Donald Trump said he wants to get rid of as president	20 Things Donald Trump Said He Wanted to Get Rid of as President 20 Things	1
Anyone close to Chris Christie got dumped . All the level-headed people are stepping aside .	Anyone close to Chris Christie, Dumped. All the Level-headed People Step Departing	1
When Melania Trump and Michelle Obama met , their clothes did some of the talking	When Melania Trump met Michelle Obama, her clothes did a lot of the talking	1
When Melania Trump and Michelle Obama met , their clothes did some of the talking	When Melania Trump & amp ; Michelle Obama Met, Their Clothes Did Some of the Talking	1
When Melania Trump and Michelle Obama met , their clothes did some of the talking	Melania Trump and Michelle Obama Met, Their Clothes Did Some of the Talking	1
Frightened people are calling the Human Rights Campaign asking if they should get married before inauguration	Fearful #people are calling #HCR to ask if they should get married before the inauguration.	1
One of the influences on Donald Trump could come from an unlikely quarter	One of the influences on @realDonaldTrump could come from an unlikely quarter	1
Watch @Intel drones light up the sky like fireworks at @DisneySprings	Intel&nbsp;Drones Light Up The Sky Like fireworks at DisneySprings	1
The biggest problem had with Archer is the number of Jews that attend .	Archer has the biggest problem with the number of Jews attending.	1
An incomplete list of racist incidents since Donald Trump was elected president	An incomplete list of racist incidents since Trumps election	1
IN THE LOOP Trump now has access to nation's most valuable intelligence	Trump now has access to, US's most valuable " intelligence	1
IN THE LOOP Trump now has access to nation's most valuable intelligence	In the LOOP Trump now has access to nation's most valuable intelligence. HAPPENING!	1
Take a look at where Philippines President Rodrigo Dutrete sleeps . Its not what you'd think	No, it's not what you'd think. Take a look at where Philippine President Rodrigo Dutrete sleeps.	1
like I said , they did screw up initially . I think they'll find their footing .	In retrospect, they did screw up initially and now they'll find their footing	1
like I said , they did screw up initially . I think they'll find their footing .	They did screw up initially, but they will find their footing.	1
Trump won the rural vote , but he's about to destroy rural America's best hope	Trump won the rural vote but he&squot;s about to destroy rural America&squot;s best hope&squot;	1
Trump won the rural vote , but he's about to destroy rural America's best hope	Trump Won The Rural Vote, but He's About to Destroy America&nbsp;Best Hope	1
In a remarkable concession , Trump , who derides legal settlements , will pay $25 million in the Trump University case	In a remarkable concession, Trump, who derides legal settlements, will pay $25 million in the Trump University case." property	1
Obama , With Angela Merkel in Berlin , Assails Spread of Fake News	Obama, Merkel in Berlin assails spread of fake news	1
Obama , With Angela Merkel in Berlin , Assails Spread of Fake News	Germany: Obama with Angela Merkel in Berlin, Assails Spread of Fake News	1
Obama , With Angela Merkel in Berlin , Assails Spread of Fake News	Obama, Merkel in Berlin, Assails Spread of Fake News	1
Obama , With Angela Merkel in Berlin , Assails Spread of Fake News	Obama, Merkel in Berlin, assails Spread of Fake News	1
Rudy Giuliani as secretary of state would be a " dismal " choice , the Editorial Board writes in @nytopinion	Rudy Giuliani would be a " dismal " choice for Secretary of State, according to the editorial board @NYTimes	1
Students at a Michigan middle school started chanting in the cafeteria Build the wall	A Michigan middle school student began chanting in the cafeteria Building the wall.	1
Students at a Michigan middle school started chanting in the cafeteria Build the wall	A Michigan middle school started chanting in the cafeteria #BuildtheWall.	1
Fight looms between ' fired up ' Obama and Trump over regulatory rollback	Fight looms between'fired up'Obama, Trump over regulatory rollback n	1
Fight looms between ' fired up ' Obama and Trump over regulatory rollback	Fight looms between'fired up'Obama and @realDonaldTrump over regulatory rollback	1
High in Trump Tower , Trump goes about his daily routine reading , tweeting , rewarding loyalty , fomenting infighting	High in the Tower, Trump Goes About His Daily Routine Reading, Tweeting, Recognising Loyalty, Folmenting Infighting	1
High in Trump Tower , Trump goes about his daily routine reading , tweeting , rewarding loyalty , fomenting infighting	As Trump High in Tower, Trump Goes About His Daily Routine Reading, Tweeting, Recognising Loyalty, Fomenting Infighting	1
High in Trump Tower , Trump goes about his daily routine reading , tweeting , rewarding loyalty , fomenting infighting	In Trump Tower, Donald Trump Reads, Tweets, Rewards Loyalty, Fomenting Infighting	1
High in Trump Tower , Trump goes about his daily routine reading , tweeting , rewarding loyalty , fomenting infighting	In #Trump Tower, Donald Trump Goes About His Daily Routine Reading, Tweeting, Rewarding Loyalty, Fomenting infighting	1
High in Trump Tower , Trump goes about his daily routine reading , tweeting , rewarding loyalty , fomenting infighting	In Trump Tower, Trump Reads, Tweets, Rewards Loyalty, Fights Infighting	1
High in Trump Tower , Trump goes about his daily routine reading , tweeting , rewarding loyalty , fomenting infighting	High in Trump Tower, Trump Reads, Tweets, Rewards Loyalty, Fomenting Infighting	1
Rudy Giuliani has had ties to a company that has provided image consulting to Russian oligarchs , records show	Giuliani: Rudy Giuliani Has Had ties to a Company That Has Provided Image Consulting to Russian Oligarchs " property	1
Rudy Giuliani has had ties to a company that has provided image consulting to Russian oligarchs , records show	Giuliani has connections to a firm that has provided image consulting to Russian oligarchs, records show.	1
Rudy Giuliani has had ties to a company that has provided image consulting to Russian oligarchs , records show	Giuliani had ties to a company that provided image consulting to Russian oligarchs, records show	1
Rudy Giuliani has had ties to a company that has provided image consulting to Russian oligarchs , records show	Giuliani had links to a firm that has provided image consulting to Russian oligarchs, records show.	1
Trump is considering a " special session " to repeal Obamacare on Inauguration Day	Trump considering'special session'to repeal #ACA on Inauguration Day	1
Trump is considering a " special session " to repeal Obamacare on Inauguration Day	Trump considering'special session'to repeal Health Law on Inauguration Day @CNNPolitics	1
Trump is considering a " special session " to repeal Obamacare on Inauguration Day	Trump considers'special session'to repeal Obamacare on Inauguration Day	1
Trump is considering a " special session " to repeal Obamacare on Inauguration Day	Trump considering'special session'to repeal Obamacare on Inauguration Day @CNNPolitics	1
Popular heartburn meds may increase stroke risk by as much as 79% , according to new research	Popular #heartburn medicines may increase stroke risk by as much as 79%, study finds	1
Popular heartburn meds may increase stroke risk by as much as 79% , according to new research	Popular #heartburn drugs can increase stroke risk by as much as 79%, study finds	1
Donald Trump's victory proves that America hates women	Trumps victory proves America hates women	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you !	Maine Voted for a Better Vote, and So Should You	1
Q-Tip on Phife I just want to celebrate him , you know ? A Tribe Called Quest's 1st album in 18 years	My Phife just wants to celebrate him, you know? A Tribe Called Quest Gets Their First Album in 18 Years.	1
On Donald Trump's potential Supreme Court list , the Ivy League is out , and the heartland is in	Trump Supreme Court list : The Ivy League is out, and the heartland is in.	1
On Donald Trump's potential Supreme Court list , the Ivy League is out , and the heartland is in	Trump's Supreme Court List: Ivy League Is Out, and the Heartland Is In	1
On Donald Trump's potential Supreme Court list , the Ivy League is out , and the heartland is in	Trumps Supreme Court List: Ivy League Out, and the Heartland In	1
On Donald Trump's potential Supreme Court list , the Ivy League is out , and the heartland is in	Trumps Supreme Court List. The Ivy League Is Out, and the Heartland Is In	1
On Donald Trump's potential Supreme Court list , the Ivy League is out , and the heartland is in	Trump Supreme Court list: the Ivy League is out, and the heartland is in	1
Trump surrogate advocates a legal " precedent " for Muslim registryJapanese internment	Trump Surrogate Advocates Legal & amp ; Precedent for Muslim RegistryJapanese Internment	1
Trump surrogate advocates a legal " precedent " for Muslim registryJapanese internment	Trump surrogate advocates a legal  precedent  for Muslim registry  #Japanese internment	1
Trump surrogate advocates a legal " precedent " for Muslim registryJapanese internment	Trump surrogate advocates a legal & amp ; " precedent for Muslim registryJapanese internment	1
Trump surrogate advocates a legal " precedent " for Muslim registryJapanese internment	Trump surrogate advocates a legal &ldquo;precedent&rdquo; for Muslim registry&nbsp;Japanese internment	1
Mitt Romney comments on his meeting with Donald Trump We had a " far-reaching " conversation	Romney: 'I had a far-reaching' conversation with Trump	1
Mitt Romney comments on his meeting with Donald Trump We had a " far-reaching " conversation	Romney: I had a " far-reaching " conversation with Donald Trump.	1
Mitt Romney comments on his meeting with Donald Trump We had a " far-reaching " conversation	Romney on meeting with Trump: 'We had a far-reaching conversation" property	1
Mitt Romney comments on his meeting with Donald Trump We had a " far-reaching " conversation	Romney on meeting Trump We had a " far-reaching " conversation with Mitt Romney	1
Watch Kate McKinnons Hillary Clinton open SNL by singing Leonard Cohens " Hallelujah	Kate McKinnon, Hillary Clinton Open SNL by Singing Leonard Cohens " Hallelujah	1
Harmony Space win top prize at MIT Hacking Arts for music learning app tha .	Harmony Space Wins Top Prize at MIT Hacking Arts for #MusicLearning App Tha.	1
Harmony Space win top prize at MIT Hacking Arts for music learning app tha .	Harmony Space wins Top Prize at MIT Hacking Arts for #MusicLearning App	1
The Zika virus is growing in Wisconsin up a flight of stairs , past a flier for yoga and behind a locked door	Zika Viral Shield Is Growing in Wisconsin, Up a Flight of Stairs, Past a Flier for Yoga, and Behind Locked Door	1
No group believes things have changed for the worse more than white evangelical Protestants	No group believes things have changed more for the worse. The rest are white evangelicals.	1
How data science and rocket science will get humans to Mars	How data science & amp ; rocket science will get humans to Mars	1
How data science and rocket science will get humans to Mars	Using data science and rocket science to get humans to Mars	1
Two minutes ' silence marks day of national remembrance	Two Minutes of Silence for Day of National Remembrance	1
Giuliani favorite for Trump's secretary of state , says ' I won't be attorney general	Giuliani is his favorite for Secretary of State of Donald Trump. I wont be attorney-general.	1
Giuliani favorite for Trump's secretary of state , says ' I won't be attorney general	Trump favorite Giuliani for Secretary of State, Says'I wont be Attorney General'@CNNPolitics	1
Giuliani favorite for Trump's secretary of state , says ' I won't be attorney general	Giuliani favorite for #Trump's #Secretary of State, says I wont be @AttorneyGeral	1
Giuliani favorite for Trump's secretary of state , says ' I won't be attorney general	Giuliana Goetz, favorite favorite for Trump's secretary of state, says " I won't be attorney.	1
Reminder that Frank Gaffney was considered insane enough to actually be banned from CPAC .	Remind me that Frank Gaffney was considered insane enough to be banned from CPAC.	1
Intel is laying off a major portion of its wearables group	Intel is laying off a major portion of its wearables&nbsp;group	1
At least 2 dead in powerful New Zealand earthquake , PM says	New Zealand earthquake kills 2 people, pm says	1
If confirmed by the Senate , Mike Pompeo would become one of the most overtly partisan figures to take over the CIA	If confirmed by the Senate, Mike Pompeo could become one of the most partisan figures in the CIA.	1
If confirmed by the Senate , Mike Pompeo would become one of the most overtly partisan figures to take over the CIA	Mike Pompeo would become one of the most partisan of all times to take over the CIA If confirmed by the Senate, he would become one of the most exposed partisan figures in the CIA	1
When did fucking Cobra Commander join the NYPD	When did the New York police begin w/ fucking a Cobra Commander?	1
How a Pennsylvania county went red The economy sank , and Donald Trump rose	How One Pennsylvania County Went Red The Economy Sank, and Donald Trump Ripped.	1
How a Pennsylvania county went red The economy sank , and Donald Trump rose	How 1 Pennsylvania County Went Red While the Economy Sank, and Donald Trump Rounded.	1
How a Pennsylvania county went red The economy sank , and Donald Trump rose	The Great Divide A Pennsylvania Poverty Went Red The Economy Sank, and Trump Rose	1
CoverGirl signs its first ambassador in a hijab , Nura Afia .	#CoverGirl signs its first ambassador in a hijab, Nura Afia.	1
Energized By Trump's Win , White Nationalists Gather To ' Change The World	White Nationalists Gather To Change the World, Energized by Trump Win	1
Energized By Trump's Win , White Nationalists Gather To ' Change The World	Energized by Trump&rsquo;s Win, White Nationalists Gather To Change The World	1
Energized By Trump's Win , White Nationalists Gather To ' Change The World	White Nationalists Gather To Change the World Energized by Trump's Win	1
nixes presidential salary , may spend time in New York , Florida	nixes Trump salary, may spend time in New York, Florida	1
nixes presidential salary , may spend time in New York , Florida	nixes presidential salary, may spend time in Florida, NY.	1
The " world's saddest polar bear " is being moved temporarily from a Chinese mall	Worlds Saddest Polar Bear to Get a Temporary Reprieve From China Mall	1
The " world's saddest polar bear " is being moved temporarily from a Chinese mall	World's saddest polar bear being temporarily removed from Chinese mall	1
The " world's saddest polar bear " is being moved temporarily from a Chinese mall	World's saddest polar bear to be temporarily moved from Chinese mall	1
The " world's saddest polar bear " is being moved temporarily from a Chinese mall	World's saddest polar bear to be temporarily relocated from Chinese mall	1
The " world's saddest polar bear " is being moved temporarily from a Chinese mall	Worlds Saddest Polar Bear Moved'from Chinese Mall temporarily	1
The " world's saddest polar bear " is being moved temporarily from a Chinese mall	World's saddest polar bear temporarily being relocated from China mall	1
Zadie Smith on appropriation , male critics , and how Trump interests her novelistically	Zadie Smith on appropriation, male critics, and how Trump interests her creatively!	1
Person dies from heart attack in Christchurch , New Zealand , following earthquake	Christchurch earthquake kills 1 person after heart attack	1
Person dies from heart attack in Christchurch , New Zealand , following earthquake	A tremor strikes Christchurch, New Zealand, and has left one person dead after having a heart attack	1
Saudi-led campaign in Yemen has destroyed factories that make yogurt , ceramics and chips .	Saudi-led campaign in Yemen destroyed factories that make yogurt, ceramics & amp ; chips.	1
Not all Trump voters are deplorables . If Democrats dont get that , theyll keep losing	Not All Trump Voters Are Deplorables. If Democrats Don&rsquo;t Get That, They&rsquo;ll Keep Losing.	1
Not all Trump voters are deplorables . If Democrats dont get that , theyll keep losing	Not All Trump Voters Are Deplorables. If Democrats Don&rsquo;t Get That, They&rsquo;ll Keep Losing&rsquo;t They	1
Not all Trump voters are deplorables . If Democrats dont get that , theyll keep losing	Not All Trump Voters Are Deplorables. If Democrats Dont Get That, They&rsquo;ll Keep Losing.	1
Donald Trump has agreed to pay $25 million to settle three lawsuits against Trump University .	Trump agrees to pay $25 million to settle three lawsuits v Trump University	1
hey guys , i know we've exhausted the subject , but THIS IS ACTUALLY HOW THE HOLOCAUST STARTED	Hey guys, we know we've exhausted the subject, but THIS IS ACTUALLY HOW THE HOLOCATUS STARTED	1
Amazon sells out of the NES Classic Edition in seconds	sells out of the NES Classic Edition in seconds @Amazon	1
I've seen America fall down one woman said and a big part of Trump that appealed to me was his business plan	I've seen America fall down, One Woman said. A big part of Trump that appealed to me was his business plan." property	1
Meet the self-described contrarian who is Donald Trump's choice to reshape climate policy	the self-described contrarian who is Donald Trump&rsquo;s choice to reshape #climatepolitics	1
When someone tells you they're a snake , believe they're a snake .	If someone tells you they&rsquo;re a snake, believe it&rsquo;s a snake.	1
Incoming NSC adviser retweeted an insane story about Hillary and sex crimes with children	Welcome new NSC adviser Tweets insane story about Hillary and sex crimes with kids	1
Why Michigan backed a Republican presidential candidate for the first time since 1988 .	Why Michigan backs GOP presidential candidate for the first time since 1988.	1
Melania and Barron will not move to the White House initially	Melania & amp ; Barron will not move to White House initially.	1
Melania and Barron will not move to the White House initially	Melania and Barron will not be transitioning to the White House.	1
Melania and Barron will not move to the White House initially	Melania and Barron Initially Will Not Move to the White House Melania and Barron Will Not Move to the White House	1
Melania and Barron will not move to the White House initially	Melania and Barron don't plan to move to White House yet	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a corrections officer at Rikers Island, and when she released her debut single at 40.	1
Pos t-t ruth as Oxford Dictionaries ' 2016 word of the year	Pos t-t ruth wins Oxford Dictionaries Word of the Year 2016.	1
SEC Chair Mary Jo White says she will step down at the end of the Obama administration .	Mary Jo White will step down as Chairman of the SEC at the end of the Obama Administration.	1
SEC Chair Mary Jo White says she will step down at the end of the Obama administration .	Mary Jo White Will Step Down SEC until the end of President Obamas term" property	1
Facebook launches a unified inbox for businesses on Facebook , Messenger and Instagram	Facebook launches a unified inbox for businesses on Facebook, Messenger & amp ; Instagram	1
Facebook launches a unified inbox for businesses on Facebook , Messenger and Instagram	Facebook launches a unified inbox for businesses on Facebook, Messenger and&nbsp;Instagram	1
Facebook launches a unified inbox for businesses on Facebook , Messenger and Instagram	Facebook launches a unified Inbox for businesses on Facebook, Messenger and&nbsp;Instagram	1
Sen. Harry Reid Trump's election " sparked a rise in hate crimes and threats of violence	Reid Trump's election spurred rising hate crimes & amp ; threats of violence" property	1
In its first episode since Donald Trump was elected , #SNL embraced the tension that many of its viewers surely feel	In its first episode since Donald Trump was elected, Saturday Night Live embraced the tension many of its viewers surely feel.	1
In its first episode since Donald Trump was elected , #SNL embraced the tension that many of its viewers surely feel	In its First Episode Since Trump Was Elect, The Comedy Line Shook Up the Tension Many of Its Viewers Sill As They Won	1
In its first episode since Donald Trump was elected , #SNL embraced the tension that many of its viewers surely feel	In its first episode since Trump's election, Saturday Night Live embraced the tension many of its viewers surely feel	1
In its first episode since Donald Trump was elected , #SNL embraced the tension that many of its viewers surely feel	In its first episode since Donald Trump was elected, Saturday Night Live embraced the tension that many of its viewers surely feel.	1
DNC held its first staff meeting today since Clinton's loss .	DNC held its first staff meeting since Clinton&rsquo;s loss today.	1
My goal was to keep everyone alive . Doctors struggled to treat patients with mental illness at Guantnamo .	Getting everyone alive was what the goal was : the doctors struggled to treat patients with mental illness in Guantnamo.	1
Kanye West left thousands of his fans disappointed on Saturday after cutting his show short .	Kanye West leaves thousands of his fans disappointed Saturday after canceling his show.	1
Kanye West left thousands of his fans disappointed on Saturday after cutting his show short .	Kanye West leaves thousands of his fans disappointed on Saturday after cancelling his show	1
Is Netflix Disney's next big buy and is Reed Hastings its next CEO ?	Is Netflix Disneyâ€™s next big buy and is Reed Hastings next&nbsp;CEO?	1
Is Netflix Disney's next big buy and is Reed Hastings its next CEO ?	Is Netflix Disney's next big buy & amp ; is Reed Hastings its next CEO?	1
Were supposed to have an inauguration on Jan . Are we going to have a governor ?	WTF were supposed to have an inauguration on Jan. Are we going to have a Governor?	1
Were supposed to have an inauguration on Jan . Are we going to have a governor ?	Are We to Have a Governor? Were supposed to have an inauguration on Jan.	1
Some Middle East Muslims fear a Trump presidency ; others see it as an opportunity	Some Middle East Muslims Fear Trump Presidency, Others See It as an Opportunity" property	1
The ACLU Is Receiving an Outpouring of Support . Heres What We Plan on Doing With It .	The ACLU is receiving an outpouring of support and this gives us a glimpse into what we could do with it.	1
The ACLU Is Receiving an Outpouring of Support . Heres What We Plan on Doing With It .	The ACLU Is Receiving an Outpouring of Support. Here&rsquo;s What We Plan to Do With It.	1
The ACLU Is Receiving an Outpouring of Support . Heres What We Plan on Doing With It .	ACLU Receives an Outpouring of Support. Heres What We Will Do w/ It	1
Exercise may be an effective treatment for depression , studies show	Study Shows Good Evidence of Effects of Exercise on Depression	1
Exercise may be an effective treatment for depression , studies show	Exercise can help you deal with depression, studies show	1
Exercise may be an effective treatment for depression , studies show	Exercise may improve our depression, studies show" property	1
There's a hotline for workers in Sweden to report instances of " mansplaining	Mansplaining Hotline? It's a big thing in Sweden. But for workers in Sweden, it's mansplaining.	1
There's a hotline for workers in Sweden to report instances of " mansplaining	Mansplaining Hotline, for Workers in Sweden	1
More Democrats should be talking like Harry Reid right now .	What do you think? More Democrats Should Be Talking Like Harry Reid Right Now.	1
How the US media begins the process of ' normalising ' Donald Trump	How the US Media Begs the Process of Normalizing @realDonaldTrump	1
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin spoke by phone on Monday about the future of US-Russia ties	Vladimir Putin, Trump and Trump spoke Monday by phone about the future of US-Russia ties.	1
Who's to blame for Hillary Clinton's loss ?	Who's to blame for #HillaryClinton's loss?	1
Trump's tweets stunned the " Hamilton " cast and jolted many who are worried about Trump's tolerance for dissent	Trump's tweets stunned " Hamilton " cast many who are worried about Trump's tolerance for dissent.	1
Trump's tweets stunned the " Hamilton " cast and jolted many who are worried about Trump's tolerance for dissent	Trump's tweets stunned'Hamilton'cast and jolted many who are worried about Trump&rsquo;s tolerance for dissent	1
I wasn't offended " by the " Hamilton " cast's message	I wasn't offended'by message of Hamilton cast	1
I wasn't offended " by the " Hamilton " cast's message	I wasn't offended'by message of Hamilton', Cast s.	1
I wasn't offended " by the " Hamilton " cast's message	I wasn't offended by the message of the Hamilton cast" property	1
After Trump win , New Yorkers volunteer to aid fearful commuters	After Trump Win, New Yorkers Volunteer to Help FearfulCommuters	1
We are not planning on erecting a deportation force	Planning on building a deportation force We are not planning on.	1
Donald Trump is a racist . Heres why many Americans dont see him that way	Why Many Americans Dont See Donald Trump That Way. And Trump Is a Racist. @FoxNews App	1
Donald Trump is a racist . Heres why many Americans dont see him that way	Trump Is a Racist. Here&rsquo;s Why Many Americans Don&rsquo;t See Him That Way.	1
The first generation of college students with an autism diagnosis is fanning out to campuses across the country	First Generation of #Autism Students Fanning Out to Colleges across U.S.	1
The scene of protests against President-elect Donald Trump in Miami and Atlanta tonight	Protesters against President-elect Trump in Miami and Atlanta Tonight	1
How Russia Pulled Off the Biggest Election Hack in U.S. History	The biggest #election hack in U.S. history. Here's how Russia pulled off	1
Sharon Jones , the lead singer with the band Dap-Kings , has died at the age of 60 .	Sharon Jones, the lead singer with Dap-Kings, dead at 60.	1
Sharon Jones , the lead singer with the band Dap-Kings , has died at the age of 60 .	Sharon Jones, the lead singer with the band Dap-Kings, dead at 60.	1
Kellyanne Conway , a key Trump adviser , on Steve Bannon People should look at the full rsum	Conway, Key Trump Advisor, on Bannon People Should Look at the Full rsum	1
Kellyanne Conway , a key Trump adviser , on Steve Bannon People should look at the full rsum	Conway, a Key Trump Advisor, Says Steve Bannon People Should Look At The Full Rump	1
Kellyanne Conway , a key Trump adviser , on Steve Bannon People should look at the full rsum	Kellyanne Conway, Key Trump Advisor, on Steve Bannon People Should Look At the Full Rumor	1
The UK falls silent to remember those who died in war	In War The UK falls silent in a bid to remember those who died	1
I'm excited , " I have somebody who is going to help me with jobs	So excited I have somebody to help me with my jobs" property	1
Database with info on undocumented New Yorkers could be deleted in light of Trump win	Database of info on undocumented New Yorkers could be deleted now, if elected by Trump.	1
Database with info on undocumented New Yorkers could be deleted in light of Trump win	Database of'unauthorized' New Yorkers could be deleted, given Trump's win	1
The WHO declared an end to the Zika emergency . Here's what that does and doesn't mean .	WHO declared an end to the Zika emergency. Heres What That Does & amp ; Doesnt Mean.	1
The gangs that make El Salvador the murder capital of the world are mafias of the poor	Las Bandas That Make El Salvador the Murder Capital of the World, are Mafias of the Poor	1
I know many of you are disappointed about the election results , " I am too , more than I can ever express .	I know many of you are disappointed about the election results, & amp ; I am too, more than I can ever express.	1
I hope " there is a clean sweep " in the DNC	I hope & amp ; urge'there is a clean sweep'in the DNC	1
We are on the verge of a consumer M & A avalanche	Am on the verge of a consumer M & amp ; A avalanche	1
We are on the verge of a consumer M & A avalanche	On the verge of a consumer M&amp;A avalanche	1
China slams Donald Trump's claim that climate change is a Chinese hoax	China slams Trump Climate Change Claims as Chinese Hoax	1
The sting of defeat still fresh , Democrats are trying to figure out how it all fell apart	With the sting of defeat still fresh, the Dems are trying to figure out how it all fell apart	1
Giuliani denies Russian officials ' claims they'd been in touch with Trump's campaign	Giuliani denies Russian officials'claims they'd been in touch with @realDonaldTrump campaign	1
If millennials had their way , Hillary Clinton would have won and that's worth noting , writes @jdsutter	If millennials had their way, Clinton would have won, and thats worth noting, @jdsutter writes	1
Defiant Rahm Emanuel to @realDonaldTrump Chicago Will Always Be Sanctuary City	Chicago will always be Sanctuary City @realDonaldTrump Defiant Rahm Emanuel to @Trump	1
Defiant Rahm Emanuel to @realDonaldTrump Chicago Will Always Be Sanctuary City	Defiant Rahm Emanuel to. Trump Chicago Will Always Be Sanctuary City	1
Defiant Rahm Emanuel to @realDonaldTrump Chicago Will Always Be Sanctuary City	Rahm Emanuel Defiant to Trump Chicago Will Always Be Sanctuary City	1
has tags with hundreds of posts for " Black Crime " " Muslims " " Globalism " " Alt-Right " etc .	Having tags with hundreds of posts for " black crime " " Muslims " globalism " alt right " etc. n	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was .	The compliment that I used to believe was no longer nice, I no longer think of it as it is.	1
This is so important . Stay focused on what the real story is .	Why this matters Stay focused on what the real story is.	1
This is so important . Stay focused on what the real story is .	This is so important #keepfocusing on what the real story is	1
This is so important . Stay focused on what the real story is .	This is so important keep you focused. Look at what the real story is.	1
This instantly reminded me of a Muhammad Ali quote about why he not serving in this military	I instantly thought of a Muhammad Ali quote about why he was not serving in the military	1
President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by his supporters	President-elect Trump has the moral obligation to reject sexist & amp ; racist abuse by supporters	1
San Fran teacher's lesson plan Pres-elect Trump a ' racist and sexist man	Teacher's lesson plan San Francisco teacher calls Trump a 'racist and sexist man	1
San Fran teacher's lesson plan Pres-elect Trump a ' racist and sexist man	San Fran teacher has created a lesson plan for Trump, calling him a " racist and sexist man	1
We looked at 2 years of front pages . Trump's Muslim ban got far less attention than Clintons emails	Two Years of Front Pages. Trump's Muslim Ban Got Far Less Attention Than Clintons Emails	1
We looked at 2 years of front pages . Trump's Muslim ban got far less attention than Clintons emails	Looking at two years of front pages. Trump's Muslim ban got far less attention than Clinton's emails.	1
We looked at 2 years of front pages . Trump's Muslim ban got far less attention than Clintons emails	Two Years of Front Pages Trumps Muslim Ban Got Far Less Attention Than Clintons Emails	1
We looked at 2 years of front pages . Trump's Muslim ban got far less attention than Clintons emails	2 Years of Front Pages. Trump's Muslim ban got far less attention than Clintons emails.	1
We looked at 2 years of front pages . Trump's Muslim ban got far less attention than Clintons emails	2 Years of Front Pages Trump's Muslim Ban Received Far Less Attention Than Clinton&rsquo;s Emails	1
We looked at 2 years of front pages . Trump's Muslim ban got far less attention than Clintons emails	2 Years of Front Pages. Trumps Muslim Ban Got Far Less Attention Than Clintons Emails.	1
The country Donald Trump will inherit is not on the same page when it comes to race	Trump's legacy isn't on the same page w/ race	1
The country Donald Trump will inherit is not on the same page when it comes to race	The Country Trump Will Eternalize Is Not on the Same Page When It Comes to Race	1
The country Donald Trump will inherit is not on the same page when it comes to race	Donald Trump's Country Will Is Not on the Same Page When It Comes to Race	1
The country Donald Trump will inherit is not on the same page when it comes to race	The Country Donald Trump Will Emancipate Is Not on the Same Page When it Comes to Race.	1
Mike Pence is emerging as a commanding figure in the Trump administration	Mike Pence Emerging as a Commanding Figure in the Trump Administration	1
Mike Pence is emerging as a commanding figure in the Trump administration	Mike Pence Emerging as a Powerful Leader in Trump Administration	1
Youre not proposing that we go back to the days of internment camps , I hope Megyn Kelly said	We dont propose that we go back to the days of internment camps, I hope Megyn Kelly said	1
Youre not proposing that we go back to the days of internment camps , I hope Megyn Kelly said	Megyn Kelly was not proposing that we go back to the days of internment camps, I hope you said this.	1
Youre not proposing that we go back to the days of internment camps , I hope Megyn Kelly said	Megyn Kelly Is Not Proposing That We Go Back to the Days of Internment Camps I hope	1
Youre not proposing that we go back to the days of internment camps , I hope Megyn Kelly said	You&rsquo;re Not Proposing We Go Back to the Days of Internment Camps, I Hope Megyn Kelly Said	1
New York State Senator & gt ; & gt ; & gt	New York State Senator : & amp ; gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt	1
My colleague @davidfolkenflik reports on Trump's WH chief strategist , Steve Bannon	David Folkenflik reports on Trump's WH chief strategist, Steve Bannon.	1
My colleague @davidfolkenflik reports on Trump's WH chief strategist , Steve Bannon	David Folkenflik, WH Chief Strategist, Reports on @TrumpSteveBannon & amp ; W	1
My colleague @davidfolkenflik reports on Trump's WH chief strategist , Steve Bannon	David Folkenflik Reports on Trump's WH Chief Strategist, Steve Bannon	1
Team Trump is already filled with Washington insiders	Trump Team Fills With Washington Insiders	1
Team Trump is already filled with Washington insiders	Team Trump, already filled with Washington insiders " ht	1
A 550-foo t-t all windowless , fortified building in Manhattan has been identified as a NSA listening post	A 550-foot t-t, all windowless, fortified building in Manhattan is becoming a NSA listening station.	1
Don't lose heart Hillary Clinton says . Don't give up on the values we share .	Don&rsquo;t lose heart Clinton says. Don&rsquo;t give up&rsquo;t give up on the values we share.	1
Don't lose heart Hillary Clinton says . Don't give up on the values we share .	Don't lose heart, Hillary says Don't give up on our values.	1
Don't lose heart Hillary Clinton says . Don't give up on the values we share .	Don't lose heart Clinton says, Don&rsquo;t give up on the values we share&rsquo;	1
The world is about to find out what Donald Trump really believes	World is about to find out what Trump really believes.	1
A Trump presidency could be the end of the social safety net . Call it the Null Deal	A Trump Presidency Could Be the End of the Social Safety Net and the Null Deal	1
A Trump presidency could be the end of the social safety net . Call it the Null Deal	A Trump Presidency Could Be the End of the Social Safety Net and the Start of a Null Deal	1
A Trump presidency could be the end of the social safety net . Call it the Null Deal	The Null Deal A Trump Presidency Could Be the End of the Social Safety Net.	1
Mayor says Chicago will ' always be a sanctuary city ' in face of deportation threats	Chicago Mayor says he will'always be a sanctuary city'despite threats of deportation @CNNPolitics	1
North Carolina GOP condemns KKK parade honoring President-elect Donald Trump	North Carolina GOP condemns KKK parade honoring #realDonaldTrump	1
THE NEXT GENERATION ? Chelsea Clinton reportedly being groomed for congressional run	Chelsea Clinton reportedly being groomed for congressional run? The New Generation?	1
THE NEXT GENERATION ? Chelsea Clinton reportedly being groomed for congressional run	Chelsea Clinton reportedly being groomed for congressional run The next generation is	1
Love this graf and several more from @tejucole's write-up in @NYTmag re	Love this graf and several more from Tejucole's NYT Mag reblog	1
Love this graf and several more from @tejucole's write-up in @NYTmag re	Love this graf and several more from Tijucola's story in @NYTmag.	1
Love this graf and several more from @tejucole's write-up in @NYTmag re	Love this graf and several more from @Tejucole's @NYTmag review	1
Trump is expected to pick Reince Priebus as White House chief of staff	Trump picks Priebus as White House chief of staff?	1
Why women did not unite to vote against Donald Trump	Why women did not unite to vote against @realDonaldTrump	1
Flynn has said that Shariah , or Islamic law , is spreading in the United States .	Flynn has said that Shariah is spreading in the United States.	1
Flynn has said that Shariah , or Islamic law , is spreading in the United States .	Flynn has said that Shariah is spreading in the United States, or Islamic law.	1
Meet the president unable to enter the tiny country he created	Meet President unable to enter tiny country he created.	1
Canadians say there's plenty of room in their country for Americans who are fearful of Trump	Can Canadians Face Trump: 'There's plenty of room in our country for Americans who are afraid of him	1
Canadians say there's plenty of room in their country for Americans who are fearful of Trump	Canadians see room in their country for those who are afraid of the election of Donald Trump	1
Canadians say there's plenty of room in their country for Americans who are fearful of Trump	Canadians Say Trump Is There Room in Their Country For American Who Are Fearful of Donald Trump	1
Putting the Polling Miss of the Election in Perspective	The Polling Miss of the Election in Perspective	1
Putting the Polling Miss of the Election in Perspective	The Polling Miss of the Election In Perspective	1
TOMORROW ON @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast .	The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast is tomorrow on @GMA.	1
Secrecy and mistrust at Guantnamo limited doctors ' ability to treat mental illness among detainees	In Guantnam, Secret and Mistrust Limited Doctorsâ€™ Ability to Treat Mental Health Among Detainees	1
Secrecy and mistrust at Guantnamo limited doctors ' ability to treat mental illness among detainees	The secrecy and mistrust that oversaw Guantnam is limited doctors'ability to treat mental illness among inmates.	1
Apple wants to sell you a $300 photo book about its products	A $300 photo book about Apples products is now available for purchase!	1
Apple wants to sell you a $300 photo book about its products	hey #Apple wants to sell you a $300 photo book about its products	1
Google plans to create 3,000 jobs and open new HQ in UK , saying country still attractive place to do business	Google to create 3,000 jobs and open new HQ in UK, saying country still attractive place to do.	1
Google plans to create 3,000 jobs and open new HQ in UK , saying country still attractive place to do business	Google to create 3,000 jobs & amp ; create new HQ in UK, saying country still attractive place to do&nbsp;business	1
Google plans to create 3,000 jobs and open new HQ in UK , saying country still attractive place to do business	Google plans to create 3,000 jobs and open new HQ in UK, saying country still attractive place to do&nbsp;business	1
Google plans to create 3,000 jobs and open new HQ in UK , saying country still attractive place to do business	Google to create 3,000 jobs, open new HQ in UK, say country still attractive place to do business	1
Most Californians agree that it costs too much to live there . Google's hometown is trying to do something about it .	Californians Say It Costs Too Much to Live There. Googles Home Town is trying to do something about it.	1
Most Californians agree that it costs too much to live there . Google's hometown is trying to do something about it .	Google's hometown is trying to do something about it. The average Californian thinks it costs too much to live there.	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you	Maine just voted for a better way to vote. We hope you can too.	1
Welcome to the #APTop25 , @TroyTrojansFB ! Troy ranked for 1st time in school history .	Welcome to the #AP Top 25, @TroyTrojansFB! Troy for 1st Time in School History!	1
Welcome to the #APTop25 , @TroyTrojansFB ! Troy ranked for 1st time in school history .	Welcome to the AP Top 25, Troy TroyrojansFB! Were ranked for the 1st time in school history!	1
Welcome to the #APTop25 , @TroyTrojansFB ! Troy ranked for 1st time in school history .	Welcome to the AP Top 25, Troy TrojansFB! Troy was ranked 1st in school history.	1
Welcome to the #APTop25 , @TroyTrojansFB ! Troy ranked for 1st time in school history .	Welcome to the AP Top 25, Troy TrojansFB! Troy #RojansFB ranked first in school history!	1
Welcome to the #APTop25 , @TroyTrojansFB ! Troy ranked for 1st time in school history .	Welcome to the AP Top 25, Troy TrojansFB! Troy ranked 1st time in school history!	1
Welcome to the #APTop25 , @TroyTrojansFB ! Troy ranked for 1st time in school history .	Welcome to #APTop25, Troy TrojansFB! Troy was ranked 1st time in school history.	1
Samantha Bee calls out white people , and specifically white women , for ruining America	Samantha Bee Slams White People, & amp ; Specifically White Women, for Ruining America	1
Samantha Bee calls out white people , and specifically white women , for ruining America	Samantha Bee Calls Out White People, & amp ; Specifically White Women, for Ruining America	1
President Barack Obama spoke first . President-elect Donald Trump barely looked at him AP Photo http	President Barack Obama spoke first. President-elect Donald Trump barely looked at him AAP Photo	1
President Barack Obama spoke first . President-elect Donald Trump barely looked at him AP Photo http	Barack Obama Speaks First. President-Elect Donald Trump Just Glanced at Him AP Photo	1
President Barack Obama spoke first . President-elect Donald Trump barely looked at him AP Photo http	President Obama spoke First. President-elect Trump. barely looked at him. AP Photo:	1
Kanye West went into a 17-minute tirade during a concert , praising Donald Trump and calling out Beyonc	Kanye West Gets Harriet in 17-Minute Trash at Concert, Pleasing Trump, Calling Out Beyonc	1
Verizon buys LQD WiFi to expand its IoT strategy into " smart cities	Verizon is acquiring LQD WiFi to expand its IoT strategy into smart & amp ; " smart cities & amp ; places	1
Verizon buys LQD WiFi to expand its IoT strategy into " smart cities	Verizon gets smarter. Verizon will acquire LQD WiFi to expand its IoT strategy into "Smart Cities".	1
Verizon buys LQD WiFi to expand its IoT strategy into " smart cities	Verizon buys LQD #WiFi to expand #IoT strategy into #SmartCities	1
Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House by picking Bannon	Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House w/ Steve Bannon.	1
Two strong earthquakes hit the east coast of New Zealand early this morning	Two strong earthquakes hit New Zealand early today, a powerful earthquake struck the east coast of New Zealand.	1
200 people hospitalized with breathing difficulties in Tennessee as wildfires scorched across Southeast .	200 people hospitalized with, breathing difficulties in Tennessee after wildfires scorched the entire Southeast	1
It's not just glass ceilings ; women are prevented from being leaders by glass walls on all sides .	Its not just glass ceilings, women are prevented from being leaders by glass walls on all sides.	1
No , turnout didn't plummet this year . Yes , Democrats still have a turnout problem .	No, Turnout Didn&rsquo;t Plummet This Year. Yes, Democrats Still Have a Turnout Problem.	1
Why did some white Obama voters go for Trump ?	White Obama Voters Go for Trump. Why Some White Obama Voters Did?	1
Donald Trumps victory was built on unique coalition of white voters	Trump&rsquo;s Victory Was Built on Unique Coalition of White Voters	1
Donald Trumps victory was built on unique coalition of white voters	Donald Trump&rsquo;s Victory Was Built on Unique Coalition of White Voters	1
Donald Trumps victory was built on unique coalition of white voters	Donald Trump&rsquo;s victory was built on unique coalition of white voters	1
Democrats just don't want to live where they'd need to live to turn . the map blue	Democrats Don&rsquo;t Want to Live Where They&rsquo;d Need to Live to Turn. Their Map Is Blue.	1
Despite a win by Donald Trump , Bernie Sanders and his supporters are still feeling the bern	Bernie Sanders and his supporters are still in the bern, despite Trump's victory	1
A reminder of what a horrid thing VP-elect Mike Pence is .	Pence - a reminder of what a horrible thing VP-elect Mike Pence is.	1
A reminder of what a horrid thing VP-elect Mike Pence is .	A reminder of what a horrible thing is VP-elect Mike Pence.	1
After Trump victory , Indian students are balking at going to U.S. for college . Is it safe ?	After Trump&rsquo;s victory, Indian students are balking at going to the U.S. for college. Is it safe?	1
After Trump victory , Indian students are balking at going to U.S. for college . Is it safe ?	After Trump&rsquo;s victory, Indian students balk at going to the United States for college. Is it safe?	1
President Xi Jinping wants to be called " comrade . There is just one problem The term has multiple meanings .	Xi Jinping Wants to Be Called a &ldquo;Commander&rdquo;. But There&rsquo;s Just One Problem. The Word Has Multiple Meanings.	1
President Xi Jinping wants to be called " comrade . There is just one problem The term has multiple meanings .	president Xi Jinping wants to be called 'Comrade ', There is Just One Problem&squot;The term has multiple meanings&rsquo;	1
Sen. Reid to Trump Show America that racism , bullying and bigotry have no place in the White House or in America	Sen. Reid tells Trump racism, bullying, and bigotry have no place in the White House or America.	1
Calls to crisis and suicide prevention hotlines surge post-election	Calls to Crisis & amp ; Suicide Prevention Hotlines Surge Post-Election	1
megyn kelly got more steamed at the concept of a black santa claus than at this shit	Mygyn Kelly Got More Steamed at the Concept of a Black Santa Claus Than at This Shit	1
NES Classic Edition and all 30 games on it	NES Classic Edition with all 30 games on&nbsp;it	1
NES Classic Edition and all 30 games on it	Get the NES Classic Edition and all 30 games on&nbsp;it	1
NES Classic Edition and all 30 games on it	NES Classic Edition and all 30 games on&nbsp;it	1
After Donald Trump's win , Mexico is in a state of anguish and paralysis	Mexico is in a state of anguish and paralysis " after Trump Wins	1
Rudolph Giulianis Business Ties Viewed as Red Flag for Secretary of State Job	How Rudolph Giulianis' Business Ties Are Trapped Up for State Secretary Job	1
Donald Trump Says He'd ' Absolutely ' Require Muslims to Register , just like Nazi list of Jews	Trump: 'Totally'Require Muslims to Register, Just Like Nazi List of Jews	1
A former Valeant executive and a pharmacy chief have been charged in a fraud and kickback scheme	Two former Valeant executives, including a pharmacy chief, were charged with fraud and kickbacking.	1
Brendan Dassey of " Making a Murderer " is to be freed while state appeals ruling	Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey to be freed while State appeals ruling.	1
Brendan Dassey of " Making a Murderer " is to be freed while state appeals ruling	Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey to be freed while state appeals ruling	1
Brendan Dassey of " Making a Murderer " is to be freed while state appeals ruling	Making a Murderer'Brendan Dassey to be released while state appeals ruling	1
Brendan Dassey of " Making a Murderer " is to be freed while state appeals ruling	Making a Murderer Brendan Dassey to be released while state appeals ruling	1
Brendan Dassey of " Making a Murderer " is to be freed while state appeals ruling	Brendan Dassey of &ldquo;Making a Murderer&rdquo; to be freed as state appeals ruling	1
Brendan Dassey of " Making a Murderer " is to be freed while state appeals ruling	Making a Murderer's Brendan Dassey to be freed as state appeals ruling	1
A teenager who died of cancer has been cryogenically frozen after winning a court case before her death	A 17-year-old woman died of cancer after winning a court battle to cryogenically freeze her body.	1
Zuck denies Facebook News Feed bubble impacted the election	Frank Zuck denies Facebook News Feed bubble impacted #Election.	1
The West Coast feel increasingly like an island unto its own	The west coast is becoming an island.	1
Donald Trump's ex-wife Ivana says she wants to be ambassador to the Czech Republic	Ivana Trump, the president-elect's ex-wife, wants to be ambassador to the Czech Republic	1
Trump has chosen Mike Pompeo to lead the CIA . He was a sharp critic of Hillary Clinton on the Benghazi committee .	Trump Picks Mike Pompeo to Lead C.I.A., A Sharp Critic of Clinton at Benghazi Committee	1
Trump has chosen Mike Pompeo to lead the CIA . He was a sharp critic of Hillary Clinton on the Benghazi committee .	Trump picks Mike Pompeo as CIA director -- a sharp critic of Clinton at the Benghazi Committee	1
Trump has chosen Mike Pompeo to lead the CIA . He was a sharp critic of Hillary Clinton on the Benghazi committee .	Donald Trump Picks Mike Pompeo as C.I. Director He was a Sharp Critic of Hillary Clinton on the Benghazi Committee	1
Gale force winds and heavy rain hamper New Zealand earthquake evacuation .	An earthquake struck New Zealand, causing heavy rain and gale force winds to hamper the evacuation.	1
Gale force winds and heavy rain hamper New Zealand earthquake evacuation .	New Zealand quake : Strong rain and gale force winds hamper evacuation	1
The State Department confirms that , like the Pentagon , it has not heard from anyone on Donald Trumps team	State Dept confirms that it has not heard from anyone on Donald Trumps team, like the Pentagon.	1
The State Department confirms that , like the Pentagon , it has not heard from anyone on Donald Trumps team	The State Department has stated that it has not heard from anyone on Trumps team or in the Pentagon.	1
Obama is answering a few more questions at his first news conference since Trump was elected	Obama Answers a Few More Questions at First News Conference Since Trump Was Election	1
Obama is answering a few more questions at his first news conference since Trump was elected	Obama answers a few more questions at first news conference since Trump's election	1
Obama is answering a few more questions at his first news conference since Trump was elected	Obama Answers a Few More Questions at First News Conference Since Trump Was Eligible	1
Obama is answering a few more questions at his first news conference since Trump was elected	Obama Answers a Few More Questions at First News Conference Since Trump Was	1
Humanitarian agencies say the latest bombings in Syria are a pattern of deliberate attacks on health care facilities	Humanitarian agencies note recent bombings in Syria, in part because of deliberate attacks on health care facilities.	1
Dave Chappelle hosted " SNL . Kate McKinnon , as Hillary Clinton , sang the Leonard Cohen song " Hallelujah .	Kate McKinnon as Hillary Clinton sang Leonard Cohen's Hallelujah'on " SNL " Dave Chappelle hosted'SNL. Kate McKinnon on	1
Dave Chappelle hosted " SNL . Kate McKinnon , as Hillary Clinton , sang the Leonard Cohen song " Hallelujah .	Kate McKinnon & amp ; Dave Chappelle hosted & amp ; hosted " SNL. Kate McKinnon, as Hillary Clinton sang Leonard Cohen's song " Hallelujah.	1
Dave Chappelle hosted " SNL . Kate McKinnon , as Hillary Clinton , sang the Leonard Cohen song " Hallelujah .	Dave Chappelle hosted'SNL. Kate McKinnon as Hillary Clinton sang Leonard Cohen anthem'Hallelujah'from the	1
Dave Chappelle hosted " SNL . Kate McKinnon , as Hillary Clinton , sang the Leonard Cohen song " Hallelujah .	Dave Chappelle Hosted &ldquo;SNL&rdquo; Kate McKinnon, as Hillary Clinton Sings Leonard Cohen&rsquo;s Songs "Hallelujah&rdquo;	1
JPMorgan pays $264 million to settle charges of a ' systematic bribery scheme ' aimed at winning business in China .	JPMorgan pays $264M to settle case of'systematic bribery scheme'aimed at winning China's business	1
Clinton to donors FBI letters were double whammy to campaign	Clinton letters to donors The FBI was a double whammy for the campaign.	1
The Electoral College is an instrument of white supremacyand sexism	The Electoral College is an instrument of white supremacy and&nbsp;sexism	1
The Electoral College is an instrument of white supremacyand sexism	The electoral college is an instrument of white supremacy&nbsp;and sexism	1
How one tweet from a 35-year-old with 40 followers started a nationwide conspiracy theory about anti-Trump protests	How a 35-year-old tweeted with 40 followers to spark a nationwide conspiracy theory about anti-Trump protests	1
Michael Moore pushes back against notion that Americans who voted for #DonaldTrump are racist	Michael Moore pushes back against notion that Americans who voted for Donald Trump are racist.	1
Michael Moore pushes back against notion that Americans who voted for #DonaldTrump are racist	Michael Moore pushes back against notion that Americans who voted for Donald Trump are racist	1
It's not just its unicorn-like tusk that makes the narwhal seem unbelievable	Its not just its unicorn-like tusk that makes the narwhal appear incredible.	1
It's not just its unicorn-like tusk that makes the narwhal seem unbelievable	How the narwhal is unbelieveable Isn't it just its unicorn-like tusk?	1
It's not just its unicorn-like tusk that makes the narwhal seem unbelievable	Its not only its unicorn-like tusk that makes the narwhal seem unbelievable.	1
It's not just its unicorn-like tusk that makes the narwhal seem unbelievable	Its not just its unicorn-like tusk that makes the narwhal seem unbelievable	1
It's not just its unicorn-like tusk that makes the narwhal seem unbelievable	It's not just the unicorn-like tusk that makes the Narwale seem unbelievable	1
Alex Jones , looking to be the enforcer of Trump's promises to the right	Alex Jones Looks to Be the Executor of Trumps Promises to the Right	1
Alex Jones , looking to be the enforcer of Trump's promises to the right	Alex Jones, Looking to Be the Executor of Trump's Promises to the Right	1
Alex Jones , looking to be the enforcer of Trump's promises to the right	Alex Jones, Looking to Be the Executor of Trumps Proms to the Right	1
the key detail here is Trump admitting he committed way more than 25 million worth of fraud	Trump admits he has committed more than 25 million dollars of fraud.	1
the key detail here is Trump admitting he committed way more than 25 million worth of fraud	The narrator here is #Trump admitting he committed way more than 25 million f.& gt ; fraud	1
the key detail here is Trump admitting he committed way more than 25 million worth of fraud	Key detail here is Trump admitting he committed way more than 25 million & amp ; fraud	1
Scientists say they have found a direct link between fracking and earthquakes in Canada	A direct link between fracking and earthquakes was found in Canada in a study.	1
Hillary Clinton in emotional post-election speech Coming here tonight wasn't the easiest	Hillary Clinton in emotional post-election speech'I came here tonight wasn't the easiest'@CNNPolitics	1
Hillary Clinton in emotional post-election speech Coming here tonight wasn't the easiest	Hillary Clinton in emotional post-election speech.'Coming here tonight wasn&squot;t the easiest&squot; comment.	1
Hillary Clinton in emotional post-election speech Coming here tonight wasn't the easiest	Clinton in emotional post-election speech Coming here tonight wasnt the easiest ht	1
Hillary Clinton in emotional post-election speech Coming here tonight wasn't the easiest	Clinton in emotional post-election speech Coming here tonight wasn't the easiest & amp ; quot; gt ; #election speech	1
Business ties could complicate Rudy Giuliani's bid for secretary of state	Business ties could complicate Giuliani bid for State Department	1
Business ties could complicate Rudy Giuliani's bid for secretary of state	Giuliani's bid to become Secretary of State could be complicated by business ties	1
Business ties could complicate Rudy Giuliani's bid for secretary of state	Giuliani's state department bid could complicate business ties	1
Bernie Sanders ' humiliated ' Democrats can't talk to ' white working class ' voters	Bernie Sanders'humiliated'Democrats cant talk to white working class'voters	1
Bernie Sanders ' humiliated ' Democrats can't talk to ' white working class ' voters	Sanders'humiliated'Democratic can't talk to'white working class'voters	1
Trump transition team is " scrambling " after reorganization , source tells CBS	Trump transition team scrambling after reorganization, source tells CBS	1
Trump transition team is " scrambling " after reorganization , source tells CBS	Trump Transition Team Is'scrambling' after restructuring Trumps reorganization, source tells CBS	1
Claude Monet's " Grainstack " sets record with $81.4 million at auction	Monets " Grainstack " sets record with $81.4 million at&nbsp;auction	1
In less than four minutes , SNL shows exactly how Trump will break the media	In Less Than Four Minutes, Sunday Night Live Shows Exactly How Trump Will Break the Media	1
In less than four minutes , SNL shows exactly how Trump will break the media	In Less Than Four Minutes, Saturday Night Live Show Shows How Trump Will Break the Media	1
Actually , I think Donald Trump has given us many , many , many clues	Donald Trump Has Given Us Many, Many, Many Details Heck	1
Actually , I think Donald Trump has given us many , many , many clues	Donald Trump has given us many, many, many clues, too	1
The Electoral College is an instrument of white supremacyand sexism .	The Electoral College Is an Instrument of White Supremacy&mdash;and Sexism	1
President Obama says hes not worried about being the last Democratic president	Obama says he is not worried about being the last #Democratic president.	1
Russia to withdraw from International Criminal Court on President Vladimir Putin's orders .	Russia quits International Criminal Court After Putins Orders	1
Do young Americans have a right to a stable climate ? They are suing the US for just that	Young Americans Have a Right to a Stable Climate, U.S. lawsuit asks. Is This the US version?	1
Do young Americans have a right to a stable climate ? They are suing the US for just that	Young Americans Have a Right to a Stable Climate, Enough To Sue the U.S.	1
Trump reportedly appeared not to understand scope of presidency during Obama meeting	Donald Trump reportedly appeared not to understand the scope of his presidency during Obama's meeting with Donald Trump.	1
Facebooks algorithm only serves real and fake news that reinforces your world view	Facebooks algorithm only serves real and fake news that reinforces your view of the world" property	1
Facebooks algorithm only serves real and fake news that reinforces your world view	Facebooks algorithm serves only real and fake news that reinforces your world view ioo	1
Muslim student made up report of assault , robbery by man wearing ' Trump ' hat , police say	Muslim student made up report of assault and robbery by man wearing'Trump'hat	1
Muslim student made up report of assault , robbery by man wearing ' Trump ' hat , police say	Muslim Student Fake Report of assault and robbery by Man Wearing'Trump'Hat, Police Say	1
Now that the election is over , is it time to break up with Twitter ?	Does it make sense to ditch @Twitter after election?	1
How journalists failed in 2016and what we must do now that Trump is president	How Journalists Failed in 2016&mdash;and What We Must Do When Trump Is President	1
How journalists failed in 2016and what we must do now that Trump is president	How Journalists Failed in 2016&mdash;&mdash;&mdash;and What We Must Do Now That Trump is President!	1
How journalists failed in 2016and what we must do now that Trump is president	How Journalists Failed in 2016&rsquo;And What We Must Do Now That Trump Is President	1
How journalists failed in 2016and what we must do now that Trump is president	How Journalists Failed in 2016&mdash;and What We Must Do Now That Trump&rsquo;s President	1
How journalists failed in 2016and what we must do now that Trump is president	How Journalists Failed in 2016&mdash;and What We Must Do Now That Trump Is President	1
Trump dispatching ' landing teams ' to Obama agencies , as Cabinet vetting heats up	Trump's " landing teams'to Obama agencies", as cabinet vetting heats up	1
U.S. taxpayers footing the bill for security at unused ' Ghost Hotel ' in Kabul	U.S. taxpayers footing the bill for security at unused &ldquo;Ghost Hotel&rdquo; in Kabul	1
With Donald Trump in power , the Fed is getting ready for a reckoning	The Feds Preparation for a Reckoning With Donald Trump in Power	1
Its been a tough week for Facebook . First it was fake news complaints ; now its acknowledging bad user metrics .	Weakest Week for Facebook: First It Was Fake News Complaints; Now Its Recognizing Bad User metrics	1
Please never let go of your ability to be outraged . Horror normalizes if it never stops .	Bitterly never let go of your ability to be outraged, Horror normalizes if it never stops.	1
Please never let go of your ability to be outraged . Horror normalizes if it never stops .	How do you do not, outrage, please never let go. Horror normalizes if it never stops.	1
Rudy Giuliani defends his foreign business ties Comparisons to Hillary Clinton are nuts	Giuliani defends foreign business ties compares to Clinton, nuts.	1
Rudy Giuliani defends his foreign business ties Comparisons to Hillary Clinton are nuts	Giuliani defends foreign business ties comparisons to Clinton are nuts.	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	#immigrants who came to the US as children are worried about being deported under #Trump	1
What can one girl's death show about violence in Chicago ? Meet Veronica Lopez , 15 .	15 year old Veronica Lopez: What Can One Girl's Death Show About Violence in Chicago?	1
Rebels in Syria are bracing for a cutoff of U.S. support once Donald Trump takes office .	Syrian Rebels Expect Cutoff of U.S. Support for Donald Trump	1
Rebels in Syria are bracing for a cutoff of U.S. support once Donald Trump takes office .	Syria Rebels Brace for Cutoff of US Support After Trump Takes Office	1
Rebels in Syria are bracing for a cutoff of U.S. support once Donald Trump takes office .	Syrian Rebels Are Prepping for a Cutoff in U.S. Support As Donald Trump Takes Office	1
Gretchen Carlson on her fight against sexual harassment	Gretchen Carlson: Fighting &ldquo;sexual harassment&rdquo;	1
Hillary Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate besides Obama .	Hillary Clinton Likely Received More Votes Than Any Pres Candidate Aside From Obama.	1
Obama , Clinton should call for calm ; Reid should ' be very careful	Clinton, Obama, call for calm. Reid'be very careful	1
Obama , Clinton should call for calm ; Reid should ' be very careful	Obama, Clinton Should Call for Calm, Reid Should'be Very Prescent'@CNNPolitics	1
Obama , Clinton should call for calm ; Reid should ' be very careful	Obama, Clinton need to be more patient, Reid must be very careful	1
Obama , Clinton should call for calm ; Reid should ' be very careful	Obama, Clinton, should call for calm, Reid should'be very careful'@CNNPolitics	1
Trump called for " total & amp ; complete shutdown of Muslims entering the U.S. " on 1215 .	Trump calls for'complete'shutdown for Muslims entering the U.S. on 1215.	1
Dispatches from various states of Trump's America show a country at odds with itself	Sending Dispatches From Different States of Trump's America Show a Nation at odds With Itself	1
Dispatches from various states of Trump's America show a country at odds with itself	Sending the Dispatches from Different States of Trump's America Show a Country at War with Itself	1
Dispatches from various states of Trump's America show a country at odds with itself	Dispatches from various states of @realDonaldTrump's America show a country at odds with itself	1
Samsung to acquire Harman for $8 billion to boost its automotive tech business	Samsung to acquire Harman for $8B to boost #automobiletech	1
Samsung to acquire Harman for $8 billion to boost its automotive tech business	Samsung to acquire Harman for $8B to boost the #car tech	1
Samsung to acquire Harman for $8 billion to boost its automotive tech business	In a bid to bolster the automobile tech industry, Samsung wants to acquire Harman for $8B	1
Samsung to acquire Harman for $8 billion to boost its automotive tech business	Samsung's acquisition of Harman for $8B to accelerate its car tech	1
Samsung to acquire Harman for $8 billion to boost its automotive tech business	Samsung just acquired Harman for $8B to boost its automotive tech&nbsp;business	1
Samsung to acquire Harman for $8 billion to boost its automotive tech business	Samsung to acquire Harman for $8 Billion to boost #automotive tech.	1
How to spend 36 hours in Toronto	36 Hours in Toronto, a Guide	1
Women are advising each other to get IUDs now a form of birth control that could last through a Trump presidency	Women are urging each other to get IUDs. It is a form of birth control. could last through a Trump presidency.	1
Facebook is embroiled in accusations that it spread fake news stories that influenced how Americans voted	Facebook Accuses Its Sharing Fake News Stories That Influenzed How Americans Voted	1
Aaron Wixson is utilizing the military's recently adopted " gender transition process	Aaron Wixson leverages military recently adopted " gender transition process	1
Aaron Wixson is utilizing the military's recently adopted " gender transition process	Wixson says he's leveraging military's recently adopted " gender transition process	1
We reviewed all 30 games on the NES Classic Edition	All 30 games on the NES Classic Edition Review	1
We reviewed all 30 games on the NES Classic Edition	Ive reviewed all 30 games on the NES Classic Edition.	1
Protests of Donald Trumps election continue into third day	Protests of Trump&rsquo;s Election Continue Into Third Day	1
Protests of Donald Trumps election continue into third day	Protests of #Trump election continue into third day	1
Protests of Donald Trumps election continue into third day	Protests of Donald Trump&rsquo;s Election Continue Into Third Day	1
Philosopher who predicted Trump in 1998 also predicted his 1st act as president-elect	Philosopher predicted Trump in 1998. And also predicted his 1st act as president-elect.	1
A president of the United States should not have a racist at his side	What do you think?! A President of the United States Should Not Have a Racist at His Side.	1
A president of the United States should not have a racist at his side	A President of the United States Shouldnt Have a Racist at His Side	1
Everybody can take a deep breath now Oprah says she has	Oprah says everyone can take a deep breath.	1
A federal judge ordered the release of Brendan Dassey , the " Making a Murderer " subject	The federal judge ordered the release of Brendan Dassey, the Making a Murderer - Case	1
A federal judge ordered the release of Brendan Dassey , the " Making a Murderer " subject	A federal judge ordered the release of Brendan Dassey, the subject of the series Making a Murderer.	1
This House GOP photo is making waves , and not because Mike Pence is using a selfie stick	This #House GOP photo is making waves, not because Pence is using a selfie stick	1
This House GOP photo is making waves , and not because Mike Pence is using a selfie stick	Hey House GOP Photo is Making Waves, Not Because Mike Pence Is Using a Selfie Stick	1
Senator Jeff Sessions , Republican of Alabama , seems poised to have a spot in Donald Trump's cabinet	Jeff Sessions, Republican from Alabama, May Have a Place in Trump Cabinet	1
Senator Jeff Sessions , Republican of Alabama , seems poised to have a spot in Donald Trump's cabinet	Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama, appears poised to have a spot in Trump&rsquo;s Cabinet	1
Senator Jeff Sessions , Republican of Alabama , seems poised to have a spot in Donald Trump's cabinet	Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama, Looks Like He Might Have a Job in Trump Cabinet	1
Senator Jeff Sessions , Republican of Alabama , seems poised to have a spot in Donald Trump's cabinet	Jeff Sessions, Republican from Alabama, Looks Proposed to Have a Spot in Trump Cabinet @CNNPolitics	1
Senator Jeff Sessions , Republican of Alabama , seems poised to have a spot in Donald Trump's cabinet	Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama, Looks Proposed to Have a Place in Trump Cabinet	1
Senator Jeff Sessions , Republican of Alabama , seems poised to have a spot in Donald Trump's cabinet	Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama, Sees Opportunity to Have a Place in Trump Cabinet	1
Senator Jeff Sessions , Republican of Alabama , seems poised to have a spot in Donald Trump's cabinet	Jeff Sessions, Republican of Alabama, Could Have a Seat in Trump Cabinet @CNNPolitics	1
Some New York City students allowed to skip class to join in Trump protests	New York City students allowed to skip class in Trump protests	1
Donald Trump lashed out on Twitter early Sunday against his critics in the entertainment business	Trump lashed out on Twitter Sunday morning against critics in the entertainment business.	1
Mind the gap ? Toblerone changes its iconic shape and chocoholics go crazy	TBS? My #Email Gonna Be Cool! Toblerone Changes Its Iconic Shape & amp ; chocoholics Go Crazy	1
Donald Trump is picking his cabinet . Heres a short list of possibilities for key posts .	Donald Trump Is Picking His Cabinet Heres a Short List of Possible Positions	1
Donald Trump is picking his cabinet . Heres a short list of possibilities for key posts .	Donald Trump Is Picking His Cabinet Heres a Short List of Potential Positions	1
Donald Trump is picking his cabinet . Heres a short list of possibilities for key posts .	Trump is picking his Cabinet Heres a short list of possible choices for key posts	1
This bird looks like Donald Trump and the internet is LOSING it	The internet is LOSING this bird looks like Donald Trump	1
Youre deluding yourself if you think that Twitter messages , posts and likes are a productive use of your time	Youre Deluding Yourself if You Think That TwitterMessages, Posts, and Likes Are a Productive Use of Your Time	1
Does Trump want to start a trade war with China ? If so , he has weapons .	Does Trump want to start a trade war with China? It is for sure he has weapons	1
Does Trump want to start a trade war with China ? If so , he has weapons .	Trump: Trump Wants to Start a Trade War With China? If So, He Has Weapons." property	1
LinkedIn is to be blocked in Russia after a court ruled that it had breached the countrys data protection rules	LinkedIn to be blocked in Russia after court rules it had breached country&rsquo;s data protection rules	1
LinkedIn is to be blocked in Russia after a court ruled that it had breached the countrys data protection rules	LinkedIn to be blocked in Russia after court rules it had breached data protection laws	1
LinkedIn is to be blocked in Russia after a court ruled that it had breached the countrys data protection rules	LinkedIn to be blocked in Russia after court rules that it had breached data protection laws	1
LinkedIn is to be blocked in Russia after a court ruled that it had breached the countrys data protection rules	LinkedIn is blocked in Russia after court rules it has breached data protection rules	1
LinkedIn is to be blocked in Russia after a court ruled that it had breached the countrys data protection rules	LinkedIn banned in Russia after court rules it had breached data protection laws	1
More than 300,000 people selected plans on in the 3 days after Donald Trump won the election	3 days after Trump won the election, more than 300,000 people chose plans on +	1
More than 300,000 people selected plans on in the 3 days after Donald Trump won the election	3 Days After Trump Wins, 300,000 People Pick Plans on by	1
The $5 PoisonTap quickly , completely hijacks even a locked computer's internet	$5 PoisonTap, Quickly, Completely Hosts Internet of Even a Locked Computer	1
The $5 PoisonTap quickly , completely hijacks even a locked computer's internet	The $5 PoisonTap can rapidly, completely hijack even a locked computer's internet access	1
The Queen lays a wreath to honour all those who have died in conflict	Queen Elizabeth II lay wreath to honour all those who have died in conflict	1
Leon Russell , a hit maker and musicians ' musician , dies at 74	Leon Russell, Musician and Hit Maker, Dies at 74. He lived and breathed a life of 71.	1
a night of terror Paris , Nov . a day of silence and mourning	Paris, Nov. a night of terror, and a day of silence and mourning.	1
What made 650 @HarvardHBS write a letter to the editor ? In a name , their fellow alum , Steve Bannon	What Makes 650 Harvard Business School Write a Letter to the Editor? In a Name, Their Fellow Alum Steve Bannon	1
What made 650 @HarvardHBS write a letter to the editor ? In a name , their fellow alum , Steve Bannon	What Made 650 Harvard Business School Write a Letter to the Editor? In a Name, Their Fellow Alum Steve Bannon	1
Facebook is under fire for spreading fake news . But it's getting away with a bigger lie	Facebooks Syndicate Is Under Fire for Spreading Fake News. But Its Getting Away With a Bigger LIE	1
Thousands in New Zealand are now stranded after earthquakes and flooding	Thousands stranded in #NewZealand after earthquakes and flooding	1
It's Time to Grow Up Hannity Goes Off on ' Coddled , Crybaby Liberals	It's time to grow up #HanityGoesOff on 'Coddled, Crybaby Liberals	1
It's Time to Grow Up Hannity Goes Off on ' Coddled , Crybaby Liberals	It's time to grow up Hannity: Coddled, Crybaby Liberals	1
DHS just published " strategic principles " for IoT security .	Just released DHS'strategic principles'for #IoT security	1
At least 29 arrested during anti-Trump riots in Portland , Ore	At least 29 people were arrested in Portland, Ore., amidst anti-Trump riots.	1
Twitter has unveiled several new measures to curb online abuse and hate speech	Twitter Announces New Measures to Curb Online Abuse & amp ; Hate Speech	1
Vice President-elect Mike Pence will lead the presidential transition , sources say	Mike Pence to Lead Presidential Transition, Sources Say Vice President-Elect Mike Pence	1
Vice President-elect Mike Pence will lead the presidential transition , sources say	Vice President-elect Mike Pence will lead the transition to President-elect, sources say.	1
Kids are taking the feds and possibly Trump to court over climate change	Kids Taking #Fds and possibly Trump to Court Over Climate Change	1
Kids are taking the feds and possibly Trump to court over climate change	Children are taking the Federal Government and possibly Trump to court over Climate Change	1
Make America White Again Hate speech and crimes following Donald Trump's presidential win	Make America White Again, Hate speech and crimes since Trump's victory	1
Ethics lawyers are pointing to the Emoluments Clause as a potential problem for Trump	Ethics Lawyers Point to Trump Emoluments Clause as Potential Problem	1
Ethics lawyers are pointing to the Emoluments Clause as a potential problem for Trump	Ethics Lawyers Point to Clause on Emoluments as Potential Problem for Trump.	1
The medias newfound interest in the angry white male reveals the state of our liberalism	How media attention to the angry white male reveal our struggles with #liberalism.	1
The medias newfound interest in the angry white male reveals the state of our liberalism	The Newfound Interest in the Anxious White Male reveals the state of our Liberalism " The medias newfound interest in the angry white male reveals	1
The whole world is watching the Trump transition nine weeks and 3,998 appointments to go !	Globally Watching the Trump Transition Nine Weeks & amp ; 3,998 Appointments to Go	1
Coca-Cola made a selfie bottle but luckily humans only have 1,000 years left	Coca-Cola's selfie bottles may have been invented, but humans only have 1,000 years left	1
Zuckerberg claims 99% of Facebook posts " authentic , " denies fake news ther .	Zuckerberg claims 99% of FB posts are authentic, denies fake news ther.	1
Zuckerberg claims 99% of Facebook posts " authentic , " denies fake news ther .	Zuckerberg claims 99% of #Facebook posts are authentic, " denies fake news ther.	1
Guess which president elect has shares in the Dakota Access Pipeline ?	Guess Which PresidentElect Has Shares in the Dakota Access Pipeline?	1
Boing Boing's @maureenherman interviews @MMFlint on his " To Do List For a Revolution , " an intervention for liberals .	Boing Boing's M.H. Flint Interviews With M.Flint on his " To Do List for a Revolution, " an Intervention for Liberals.	1
Boing Boing's @maureenherman interviews @MMFlint on his " To Do List For a Revolution , " an intervention for liberals .	Boing Boing's Maureen Herman interviews MMFlint on his 'To Do List For a Revolution '' intervention for liberals.	1
Boing Boing's @maureenherman interviews @MMFlint on his " To Do List For a Revolution , " an intervention for liberals .	Boing Boing's Maureen Herman Interviews MM Flint on " To Do List For a Revolution, " an Intervention for Liberals.	1
Boing Boing's @maureenherman interviews @MMFlint on his " To Do List For a Revolution , " an intervention for liberals .	Boing Boing's Maureen Herman Interviews with MM Flint on his " To Do List For a Revolution, " an intervention for liberals	1
Boing Boing's @maureenherman interviews @MMFlint on his " To Do List For a Revolution , " an intervention for liberals .	Boing Boing's Mistress interviews MM Flint on his &ldquo;To Do List for a Revolution&rdquo; an intervention for liberals	1
Boing Boing's @maureenherman interviews @MMFlint on his " To Do List For a Revolution , " an intervention for liberals .	Boing Boing's Marieenherman Interviews MM Flint on His 'To Do List For a Revolution '' Intervention for Liberals	1
Trump named directors of his " blind trust " to White House transition team	Director of Trump&rsquo;s &ldquo;Blind Trust&rdquo; named to White House Transition Team	1
Trump named directors of his " blind trust " to White House transition team	Donald Trump made directors of his " blind trust " a part of the White House transition team.	1
Trump can't unilaterally erase Obamas climate rules . But he can refuse to carry out the Paris plan in the U.S.	Trump can&rsquo;t unilaterally erase Obama&rsquo;s climate rules. He can, however, refuse to carry out Paris Plan in the U.S.	1
Trump can't unilaterally erase Obamas climate rules . But he can refuse to carry out the Paris plan in the U.S.	But Trump can't unilaterally erase Obama&rsquo;s climate rules. He can refuse to carry out Paris plan in the US.	1
Mary Jo White to step down as SEC chief as Wall Street regulators began an exodus from Washington	Jo White to Step Down as SEC Chief as Wall Street Regulators Start Exodus From Washington @cnn @elizabeth_joh @jimmy_white	1
Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spell disaster for civil rights in America	Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spew disaster for civil rights in America	1
Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spell disaster for civil rights in America	Attorney General Jeff Sessions Would Spell Disaster for Civil Rights in America., we can just go by a name.	1
Ryan nominated for 2nd term as speaker , as Pelosi rule faces potential challenge	Ryan Nominated for 2nd Term as Pelosi Speaker, as Pelosi Rule Faces Potential Challenge & amp ;	1
The Democratic establishment is finished . What a joke .	How the Democratic establishment is finished. What a joke.	1
The Democratic establishment is finished . What a joke .	The Democrats Establishment Is Complete. What a Hoaxeswap	1
The Democratic establishment is finished . What a joke .	The Democratic establishment is done. What a joke.	1
Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states , while Democrats will have just six	Republicans to Have Governing Trifecta in 24 States, Democrat will Have Just 6	1
Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states , while Democrats will have just six	Republicans to Have Glorious Trifecta in 24 States, Democrats Just Six	1
Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states , while Democrats will have just six	Republican Trifecta Will Be a Governing Trifecta in 24 States, Democrats Just 6	1
President Obama assails spread of fake news and warns Donald Trump of the need to take the presidency seriously	President Obama warns Trump of the need to take the presidency seriously Obama warned after spreading false news.	1
President Obama assails spread of fake news and warns Donald Trump of the need to take the presidency seriously	Obama warns President Trump of the need to take the presidency seriously As the spread of fake news, Obama assails	1
Columbia has suspended its wrestling program while officials investigate racist , misogynistic and homophobic texts	Columbia suspends Wrestling team over racist, misogynistic and homophobic texts	1
Columbia has suspended its wrestling program while officials investigate racist , misogynistic and homophobic texts	Columbia suspends Wrestling team over racial, misogynistic and homophobic text issues	1
What Donald Trump taught us about ourselves	What Trump Led Us About Our Lives	1
What Donald Trump taught us about ourselves	What Trump taught us About Ourself	1
What Donald Trump taught us about ourselves	What Trump taught us About Our Lives	1
What Donald Trump taught us about ourselves	What Donald Trump taught Americans About Ourself	1
When Trump won the election , the advertising industry was in shock . Now it's asking serious questions about data .	When Trump Won, the Advertising Industry Was in a Spectacle. Now the Advertising Industry Is Asking Questions About Data.	1
Disabled , that dry term once applied to so many others over my lifetime , now applies to me .	Disabled, That Dry Terms, That Once Appeared to So Many Others Over My Life, Now Applys to Me.	1
Why We Cant Know Whether Facebook Is to Blame for Trumps Election .	Why We Can&rsquo;t Know Whether Facebook Is to Blame for Trump&rsquo;s Election	1
Why We Cant Know Whether Facebook Is to Blame for Trumps Election .	Why We Cant Know Whether #Facebook Is to Blame for Trump&rsquo;s Election	1
Why We Cant Know Whether Facebook Is to Blame for Trumps Election .	Why We Cant Know Whether Facebook Is to Blame for Trump&rsquo;s Election	1
Genetic Heart Disease Risk Eased by Healthy Habits , Study Finds	Healthy habits can reduce genetic risk for heart disease, study finds	1
Kindergartners with good social skills are more likely to succeed as adults , study says	Study shows #kindergartners with good social skills are more likely to succeed as adults @CNN	1
Hillary Clinton cast blame for her election loss on James Comey's decision to revive an email inquiry	Clinton Blame Her Election Loss On James Comeys Decision to Relaunch Email Inquiry	1
Donald Trump tweeted that " the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers " The newspaper says this is not true	NY Times says he is wrong. Trump tweets "nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers	1
Donald Trump tweeted that " the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers " The newspaper says this is not true	Trump tweeted that'the New York Times is losing thousands of subscribers. This is not true.	1
Donald Trump tweeted that " the @nytimes is losing thousands of subscribers " The newspaper says this is not true	Trump tweeted that the NYT is losing thousands of subscribers This is not true	1
Donald Trump wants to " drain the swamp , " but change will likely be complex and costly	Trump Wants to Drain the Swamp, but Change Will Be Complex & amp ; Costly	1
I will always live with the fact that I saw ringing cellphones that said Papa , Maman , on the dead	I will always live with the fact that I saw ringing cellphones that said'Papa, Maman, are on the dead.	1
I will always live with the fact that I saw ringing cellphones that said Papa , Maman , on the dead	How true that I will live with the fact that I saw ringing cellphones that said " Papa, Maman, on the dead.	1
Amazon sells out of NES Classic Editions in seconds	Buy your own NES Classic Edition Today Amazon sells out of these items in seconds	1
More than half of anti-Trump protesters arrested in Oregon didn't vote	Anti-Trump Protesters Arrested in Oregon Didn't Vote More Than Half!	1
it's even more depressing to have known it for ages and been TRYING to TELL you	It's even more depressing to know it for ages & amp ; been TRYING to tell you	1
it's even more depressing to have known it for ages and been TRYING to TELL you	Its even more depressing to know it for ages and be trying to tell you	1
A bump for Colorado or Florida ? A fall for WVU & amp ; Utah ? drops at 2 p.m. ET .	WVU's Utah bottoms at 2 p.m. ET	1
Frank Oceans mysterious return didnt come with an explanation . Heres our exclusive interview with him .	Frank Oceans Mysterious Return Did Not Come With an Explanation. Here&rsquo;s Our Exit Interview With He	1
The next time someone asks you for your cellphone number , you may want to think twice about giving it	Think twice before giving your cell number to someone who asks for it.	1
5 reasons not to expect Hillary Clinton to be prosecuted	5 Reasons Dont Expect Hillary Clinton to Be Prosecuted	1
French president @fhollande helps release balloons to remember 130 victims of	France's president -fhollande - helps release balloons to remember 130 victims of	1
A steady trickle " of Trump conflict-of-interest stories " could be a drag on his presidency .	A Static Troop of Trump Conflicts of Interest Could Be a Hurt on His Presidency	1
Man is swallowed alive by roiling pool of hot acid at Yellowstone	Yellowstone man swallowed by roiling pool of hot acid	1
The only book you'll need to make sense of the 2016 race .	The only book you&rsquo;ll need to make sense of the 2016 race	1
The only book you'll need to make sense of the 2016 race .	The only book you&rsquo;ll need to make sense of the 2016 race.	1
Hundreds support Christian florist fined for refusing to work gay wedding	Christian florist fined for refusing to work gay wedding. Hundreds of supporters support.	1
Vice President-elect Pence to take over Trump transition role from Christie New York Times	Vice President-Elect Pence to Take Over Trump Transition Rolle From Christie New York Times	1
After blasting Hillary Clinton , Mike Pence is in a records battle of his own	After blasting @HillaryClinton, Mike Pence in a Records Battle of His Own	1
After blasting Hillary Clinton , Mike Pence is in a records battle of his own	After blasting Hillary Clinton, Mike Pence in a Records Battle of His Own	1
After blasting Hillary Clinton , Mike Pence is in a records battle of his own	After blasting Hillary Clinton, Pence in a record battle of his own	1
Who likes Donald Trump's new pick for top White House strategist ? Nazis and the KKK .	Who Likes Trumps New Pick for White House Strategy? Nazis & amp ; KKK	1
Who likes Donald Trump's new pick for top White House strategist ? Nazis and the KKK .	Who likes #Trump's pick for top White House strategist? Nazis & amp ; KKK.	1
The new 64-bit Orange Pi is a quad-core computer for$20	The New Orange Pi 64-bit quad-core computer for only 20$!	1
Donald Trump , after fits and starts , focuses on foreign policy	Trump, After Fits and Starts, Focuses on Foreign Policy @CNNPolitics	1
Bernie Sanders to We will not accept a president " trying to divide us up	Sanders: 'We will not accept a president trying to divide us up	1
Bernie Sanders to We will not accept a president " trying to divide us up	Bernie Sanders says he will not accept a president " trying to divide us up	1
We can never serve our veterans in quite the way that they served us , but we can try .	We can never serve our veterans in the way that they did us, but we can try.	1
Hillary Clinton's popular vote lead over Donald Trump now exceeds 1.5 million votes	Clinton Popular Vote Lead Over Trump Now Exceeds 1.5 Million Votes Hillary Clinton's lead over Donald Trump	1
TRUMP , HAMILTON DUEL President-elect calls on musicals cast to apologize for lecturing Pence	HILLTON DUEL The president-elect wants the musicals cast to apologize for lecturing Pence	1
With respect to Guantanamo , it is true I have " not been able to close the darn thing	Guantanamo: Its True I Have &ldquo;Not Been able&rdquo; to Close the Darn Thing	1
History doesnt repeat , but it does instruct Him , " in @Slate	History doesn&rsquo;t repeat, but It Does Instruct Him&rsquo; in Slate&rsquo;	1
History doesnt repeat , but it does instruct Him , " in @Slate	History doesn&rsquo;t repeat, but it does instruct Him &ldquo;in &ldquo; in Slate&rdquo;	1
With his Stephen Bannon pick , Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House	Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House by picking Stephen Bannon	1
With his Stephen Bannon pick , Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House	Trump is installing White Nationalism in the White House with his choice of Stephen Bannon	1
With his Stephen Bannon pick , Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House	Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House With His Stephen Bannon Pick Trump Is Installing White Nationalism	1
Harry Reid references a CNN article from yesterday about Steve Bannon . Here is that story	Harry Reid references a CNN story on Steve Bannon that was published yesterday	1
Cuckoos have a reputation as freeloaders , but these will inspire you .	Cuckoos have a reputation as freeloaders, but these will inspire.	1
Kellyanne Conway , Donald Trumps campaign manager , met with the news media and denied that things are in disarray	Kellyanne Conway, Donald Trumps Campaign Manager, Denies Disarray, Addresses Media	1
It matters when we make these fascists uncomfortable . So don't stop doing it .	Do Not Distract from Fascists We Matter when We Make These Fascists uncomfortable.	1
It matters when we make these fascists uncomfortable . So don't stop doing it .	It Matters When We Make These Fascists uncomfortable. So Don&rsquo;t Stop Doing It.	1
Sessions well-documented praise of Rosa Parks belies ' racist ' claims	Sessions well-documented praise of Rosa Parks belies claims of'racist'h	1
A depressingly long list of hateful attacks shared online since Trump's election	An incredibly long list of hateful attacks shared online since Trump's election is indeed disturbing.	1
U.S. could be punished if Trump withdraws from the Paris climate accord	US could face tougher consequences if Trump withdraws from Paris Climate Agreement	1
Warren Buffett on President-elect Trump He deserves everybody's respect	Buffett on Donald Trump " The man we know, Warren Buffett, deserves everybody's respect.	1
Warren Buffett on President-elect Trump He deserves everybody's respect	Buffett On President-elect Trump: "I deserve everybody's respect	1
We must resist privatisation of healthcare Barack Obama says on Veterans ' Day	We must resist privatisation of healthcare Barack Obama on Veterans'Day	1
@POTUS is at Arlington National Cemetery for Veterans Day wreath-laying ceremony .	The President is in Arlington National Cemetery for a wreath-laying ceremony on Veterans Day.	1
@POTUS is at Arlington National Cemetery for Veterans Day wreath-laying ceremony .	President-Elect Donald Trump is in Arlington National Cemetery for the wreath-laying ceremony that will be held on Veterans Day.	1
@POTUS is at Arlington National Cemetery for Veterans Day wreath-laying ceremony .	Obama's president is at Arlington National Cemetery for a wreath-laying ceremony on Veterans Day.	1
@POTUS is at Arlington National Cemetery for Veterans Day wreath-laying ceremony .	POTUS at Arlington National Cemetery for Veterans Day wreath-laying ceremony	1
@POTUS is at Arlington National Cemetery for Veterans Day wreath-laying ceremony .	President-elect Trump is on the grounds of Arlington National Cemetery for the U.S. Veterans Day wreath-laying ceremony.	1
@POTUS is at Arlington National Cemetery for Veterans Day wreath-laying ceremony .	PPOTUS at Arlington National Cemetery for Veterans Day wreath-laying ceremony	1
A senior ISIS commander has been killed in the battle for Mosul , Iraqi military sources say	Top ISIS commander dead in battle for ISIS leader Mosul, Iraqi military sources tell me	1
A senior ISIS commander has been killed in the battle for Mosul , Iraqi military sources say	Senior ISIS commander killed in Mosul battle, Iraqi military sources say	1
Amid fears of heightened bigotry and hate crimes , New Yorkers are volunteering to escort fearful commuters	New Yorkers volunteer to accompany commuters with fear of #Bigotry and #HateCrime.	1
Amid fears of heightened bigotry and hate crimes , New Yorkers are volunteering to escort fearful commuters	New Yorkers volunteer to accompany commuters who are afraid of #bigotry and #hate crimes.	1
Donald Trump could try to overhaul the Fed . Or he could emulate Ronald Reagan and leave the central bank alone .	President-Elect Donald Trump may try to overhaul the Federal Reserve. Or he could emulate Ronald Reagan and leave the central bank alone.	1
Donald Trump could try to overhaul the Fed . Or he could emulate Ronald Reagan and leave the central bank alone .	Trump could try to overhaul the Fed, or he could reemployer Reagan and leave the central bank alone.	1
Copy Edit Tihs ! Can you correct these grammatical errors in recent New York Times articles ?	Copy edit tits! Can you correct these grammatical errors in recent New York Times articles?	1
Magnitude 7.4 earthquake hits Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island	It struck Canterbury region of the South Island of New Zealand at magnitude 7.4 earthquake	1
Magnitude 7.4 earthquake hits Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island	New Zealand earthquakes impact Canterbury, South Island, with magnitude 7.4	1
Magnitude 7.4 earthquake hits Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island	New Zealand earthquake struck Canterbury, South Island, at a magnitude 7.4	1
Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like Salesforce	Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like&nbsp;Salesforce	1
California police capture suspect accused of deputy's murder	California police arrest deputy/shomicide suspect	1
Here are the tech policies Trump promised to implement aspresident	Here are the Tech Policies Trump Promised to Implement as President	1
Here are the tech policies Trump promised to implement aspresident	How to #TechPolicy Trump Promised to Implement as President	1
Here are the tech policies Trump promised to implement aspresident	Here are the tech policies Mr. Trump promised to implement as president.	1
Here are the tech policies Trump promised to implement aspresident	The #TechPolicy That Trump Promised to Implement As President.	1
Here are the tech policies Trump promised to implement aspresident	Those Tech Policies President-Elect Donald Trump Promised to Implement	1
Here are the tech policies Trump promised to implement aspresident	Here are the tech policies #Trump promised to implement as president	1
Here are the tech policies Trump promised to implement aspresident	Tech policies @realDonaldTrump promised to implement asPresident	1
Dow opens flat after 2-day rally . Tech-heavy Nasdaq goes further into the red , dropping 0.3% .	Nasdaq Goes Flat After Day 2: Dow Opens Flat After rally ; Tech-Heavy Nasdaq Goes Further In the Red, Dropping 0.3%	1
Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talked about their anxiety over Donald Trump's election	John Oliver and Stephen Colbert Talk Their Anxiety Over Donald Trump's Election	1
Apple is releasing a coffee table book about how awesome it is	Apple is releasing a coffee table book about how awesome it&nbsp;is	1
Jeff Sessions , a potential cabinet pick , is trailed by accusations of making racial comments	Jeff Sessions, Potential Cabinet Pick, Is Trapped by Accuses of Making Racist Comments	1
Jeff Sessions , a potential cabinet pick , is trailed by accusations of making racial comments	Jeff Sessions, Potential Cabinet Pick, Is Trailed by Acclamations of Racial Comments	1
Syrian Rebels Brace for a Trump Cutoff , and Look for a Silver Lining	Syrian Rebels Look for a Trump Cutoff, and See for a Silver Lining	1
Syrian Rebels Brace for a Trump Cutoff , and Look for a Silver Lining	Syrian rebels look for a Silver Lining in Trump's exit from Syria.	1
Syrian Rebels Brace for a Trump Cutoff , and Look for a Silver Lining	Syrian Rebels Look for a Silver Lining In Trump Cutoff	1
Syrian Rebels Brace for a Trump Cutoff , and Look for a Silver Lining	Syrian Rebels Seek for a Silver Lining, Brace for Trump Cutoff	1
Spoiler Alert raises $2.5 million to stop food waste , abate hunger	Spoiler Alert raises $2.5M, curbs food waste&nbsp;and abates hunger	1
Spoiler Alert raises $2.5 million to stop food waste , abate hunger	Spoiler Alert raises $2.5 million to stop food waste & amp ; abate hunger	1
Russian officials say they had contact with the Trump and Clinton campaigns	Russian Officials Have Contact With Trump and Clinton Campaigns! WTF Is That Really	1
Laura Ingraham is being considered for the White House press secretary post	Laura Ingraham may run for press secretary at White House. Is Laura Ingraham considered for?	1
Laura Ingraham is being considered for the White House press secretary post	Laura Ingraham consideration for White House press secretary post	1
Donald Trump reached a $25 million settlement over accusations that Trump University cheated students	Trump settles $25 Million claims Trump University has cheated students.	1
Donald Trump reached a $25 million settlement over accusations that Trump University cheated students	Trump settles $25 million lawsuit w/ Trump University allegations he made by cheating students	1
Donald Trump reached a $25 million settlement over accusations that Trump University cheated students	Trump to Pay $25 Million in Settlement Over Claim That Trump University Cheated Students	1
Airbnb is turning itself into an ' experience ' machine beyond just booking places to stay	Airbnb Is Turning Himself into an 'Experience' Machine Beyond Just Booking Places to Stay	1
Woman who took photo with Clinton after concession She couldn't have seemed any nicer or . kinder and gracious	Woman who took photo with Clinton after concession says she couldn't have seemed any nicer or kinder & amp ; gracious	1
Woman who took photo with Clinton after concession She couldn't have seemed any nicer or . kinder and gracious	Woman who took photo with Clinton after concession: "I couldn't have seemed any nicer or. kinder and gracious."" property	1
Woman who took photo with Clinton after concession She couldn't have seemed any nicer or . kinder and gracious	Woman who took photo with Clinton after concession: "I couldn't have seemed any nicer or. kinder and gracious	1
Woman who took photo with Clinton after concession She couldn't have seemed any nicer or . kinder and gracious	Woman who took photo with Clinton after concession: "She couldn't have seemed any nicer or kinder and gracious"" property	1
Zwift , a multiplayer game that's making indoor athletics more social , just raised $27 million	Zwift, a multiplayer game that's making indoor athletics more social, just raised&nbsp;mdash;$27M	1
They're calling it Some Californians want to secede after Trump's victory	Called that the People of California want to secede after Trump's win	1
They're calling it Some Californians want to secede after Trump's victory	They&rsquo;re Calling It Some Californians Want to Secede After Trump's Victory	1
Ford chairman tells Trump Lincoln SUV production to remain at Kentucky plant	Ford chairman tells #Trump Lincoln SUV production to remain at #Kentucky plant	1
Why so many Americans don't think Trump is racist . Great @danengber piece	Why so many Americans don't see #Trump as racist. Dan Engber: Great piece.	1
Why so many Americans don't think Trump is racist . Great @danengber piece	Great Danengber piece about why so many Americans don't think Trump is racist.	1
Why so many Americans don't think Trump is racist . Great @danengber piece	Why so many Americans don't think #Trump is racist. Great Dan Engber piece.	1
Is it a big deal if Donald Trump goes to dinner and the press doesnt know ?	Is it a big deal if Trump goes to dinner and the press doesn&rsquo;t know?	1
How did Donald Trump win over so many Obama voters ?	How did #Trump win over so many #Obama voters?	1
How did Donald Trump win over so many Obama voters ?	How did @realDonaldTrump win over so many Obama voters?	1
How did Donald Trump win over so many Obama voters ?	What helped Donald Trump win over so many Obama voters?	1
The U.S. is split between Democrats and Republicans , but Republicans now control almost all levels of government	US is divided between Republicans and Democrats, but Republicans control almost all levels of government.	1
Father of officer gunned down in Dallas sniper attack sues Black Lives Matter	Dallas cop'father of officer killed in sniper attack sues Black Lives Matter	1
Father of officer gunned down in Dallas sniper attack sues Black Lives Matter	Dad of Dallas cop killed in sniper attack sues Black Lives Matter.	1
President-elect Donald Trump offers Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions the Attorney General post , source says	President-elect Trump offers Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions the Attorney General post, source tells ht	1
Black freshmen at UPenn were added to a " Daily Lynching " hate group .	Black Freshmen at UPenn were added to a &ldquo;Daily Lynching&rdquo; hate group.	1
Black freshmen at UPenn were added to a " Daily Lynching " hate group .	Black Freshmen at UPenn were added to a &ldquo;Daily Lynching&rdquo; Hate Group.	1
American Muslims follow the U.S. Constitution . We call upon this incoming administration to also follow it .	American Muslims Respect the Constitution. We Call on the incoming Administration to Also Follow It. #BrownPage, @Slate	1
President Obama delivers his final #VeteransDay address . Watch on @CNNGo	Obama delivers the final 'VeteransDay' address via the @CNNGO	1
President Obama delivers his final #VeteransDay address . Watch on @CNNGo	Obama delivers final Veterans Day address via CNNG	1
Sen. Jeff Sessions I think Mr. Romney would be quite capable of doing a number of things	Jeff Sessions said Romney could do a lot of things.	1
Sen. Jeff Sessions I think Mr. Romney would be quite capable of doing a number of things	Jeff Sessions: "I think Mr. Romney would be quite capable of doing a number of things."" property	1
Sen. Jeff Sessions I think Mr. Romney would be quite capable of doing a number of things	Mr. Romney would be quite capable of doing a number of things, says Sen. Jeff Sessions	1
because they hated me , and maybe you , too .	They hated me, and maybe you too, because they hated me.	1
Hillary Clintons popular vote lead increases to almost 1.7 million .	Hillary Clinton&rsquo;s Popular Vote Lead Increases to Nearly 1.7 Million	1
Hillary Clintons popular vote lead increases to almost 1.7 million .	Hillary Clinton&rsquo;s Lead in Popular Vote Increases to Nearly 1.7 Million	1
2016 is set to be hottest year on record , World Meteorological Organization says	2016 is expected to be the hottest year on record, @WMO says	1
2016 is set to be hottest year on record , World Meteorological Organization says	2016 is expected to be hottest year on record, @WMO	1
2016 is set to be hottest year on record , World Meteorological Organization says	2016 set to be hottest year on record, says WMO	1
American democracy is bigger than any one person President Obama said in Greece	The US is a democracy that is bigger than any one person, Obama said in Greece	1
Facebook and Google to stop ads from appearing on fake news sites	Facebook and Google have stepped in to stop advertising on fake news sites	1
Facebook and Google to stop ads from appearing on fake news sites	How Facebook and Google should censor adverts on fake news sites!	1
Facebook and Google to stop ads from appearing on fake news sites	Facebook and Google are all about restraining ads for fake news sites.	1
Trump's win has Europe's far right dreaming of victory , too .	In this election, Trump has Europeans far right dreaming of victory.	1
Trump's win has Europe's far right dreaming of victory , too .	Trumps win has Europes far right dreaming of victory too.	1
Trump's win has Europe's far right dreaming of victory , too .	With Trump's win, Europe's far right dreams of victory too	1
Trump's win has Europe's far right dreaming of victory , too .	The far right in Europe, too, has dreamed of victory Trump's win.	1
Trump's win has Europe's far right dreaming of victory , too .	With the Trump win, Europe's far right can also dream of victory.	1
Why didn't the press report . is the saddest of all the sad questions .	Why Didn&rsquo;t the Press Report. Is the Saddest of All the Sad Questions.	1
Why didn't the press report . is the saddest of all the sad questions .	Why Didnt Report Press Release. Is the Saddest of All the Sad Questions.	1
Why didn't the press report . is the saddest of all the sad questions .	Why Didn&rsquo;t the Press Report. This is the saddest of all the sad questions.	1
What a Trump presidency could mean for LGBT Americans	What Trump&rsquo;s Presidency Could Mean for LGBT Americans	1
What a Trump presidency could mean for LGBT Americans	What Trump could mean for LGBT Americans?	1
What a Trump presidency could mean for LGBT Americans	What Trump could mean for LGBT Americans	1
What a Trump presidency could mean for LGBT Americans	What a Trump Presidency Could Mean for LGBT Americans. Read on.	1
Social media has become a powerful force capable of altering the course of global events , @fmanjoo writes	Social Media Powers Up, Change the Course of Global Events, @Fmanjoo writes	1
Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spell disaster for civil rights in America .	Attorney General Jeff Sessions would end Civil Rights in America.	1
Samsung to Buy Harman International in an $8 Billion Bet on Cars	Samsung to Buy Harman International in $8 Billion Bet on #cars	1
A choice looms for Donald Trump The White House or his tower ?	A Choicelooms for Donald Trump The White House or His Tower?	1
A choice looms for Donald Trump The White House or his tower ?	A Choice Is Riding For Trump the White House or His Tower	1
A choice looms for Donald Trump The White House or his tower ?	A Choice Mops Up for Trump: White House or Tower?	1
My take on the looming civil war between Trump's transition and the foreign-policy conservatives .	A brief overview of the emerging civil war between the Foreign Policy Conservatism and Trump transition	1
Trump claimed credit for persuading Ford not to move a plant . But Ford never planned to move it .	President-elect Donald Trump claimed credit for persuading Ford to keep the plant open. But Ford never planned to move it.	1
IBM's computers can diagnose skin cancer more effectively than dermatologists , the company says	IBMs computers can diagnose skin cancer more effectively than dermatologists, tech company says	1
on why she voted for Trump I hope we will deal honestly , without obfuscation , with Islamic extremism	Why she voted for Trump: "I hope we will deal honestly, without obfuscation, with Islamic extremism" property	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was	No longer does I think of being nice as a totally different compliment than I used to believe it was	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was	How nice I'm tired of describing being nice as a compliment I used to believe in	1
Leon Russell , member of Rock & amp ; Roll Hall of Fame , dies at 74	Rock'' Roll Hall of Famer Leon Russell dies at 74	1
Leon Russell , member of Rock & amp ; Roll Hall of Fame , dies at 74	Rock'& Roll Hall of Famer Leon Russell dies at 74	1
Leon Russell , member of Rock & amp ; Roll Hall of Fame , dies at 74	Rock & Roll Hall of Famer Leon Russell dies at 74	1
President-elect Donald Trump attacks " fools " at The New York Times	President-elect Trump attacks'fools'at New York Times" property	1
President-elect Donald Trump attacks " fools " at The New York Times	President-elect Trump attacks'fools'at NYTimes	1
It holds 20 percent of the planets unfrozen freshwater . Now it's under attack by reeking greenish-black goo .	G.O.P. It Holds 20 percent of the Planets Unfrozen Freshwater. Now Its Under Attack by Reeking Greenish-Black Goo.	1
As ratings plummet , NFL considers reducing ads and length of games	As Ratings Plummet, NFL Considers Reducing Ads & amp ; Longer Games	1
Donald Trump and Congress both want tax cuts . The question is which ones .	The question is which ones Trump and Congress both want tax cuts.	1
Donald Trump and Congress both want tax cuts . The question is which ones .	The question is which ones? Trump and Congress Both Want Tax Cuts. The Question Is Which Ones.	1
Donald Trump and Congress both want tax cuts . The question is which ones .	Trump & amp ; Congress Both Want Tax Cuts. The Question Is Which Ones.	1
Heres what President Trump will mean for the planet	What Mr. Trump is going to do for the planet This article Is Heres What	1
Heres what President Trump will mean for the planet	What Trump&rsquo;s Going to Mean for the Planet	1
Heres what President Trump will mean for the planet	What President Trump aims to do for humanity" property	1
Heres what President Trump will mean for the planet	What Will Trump Mean for the Global Community?	1
Rules for Survival Valuable advice from @MashaGessen . So much of this reminded me of Egyp	Rules for Survival Valuable advice from @MashaGessen This post reminded me of Egypt	1
Rules for Survival Valuable advice from @MashaGessen . So much of this reminded me of Egyp	Rules for Survival Valuable advice from MashaGessen. so much of this reminded me of Egypt.	1
Former counselor to Secretary Rice at State Department during George W Bush administration	Former Counsellor for Secretary Rice at State Dept During George W Bush Administration	1
Former counselor to Secretary Rice at State Department during George W Bush administration	Former State Department counselor to Secretary Rice in the Bush administration	1
Trump campaigned on restoring manufacturing , which Silicon Valley derides as the old economy	Trump campaigned on restoring manufacturing, which Silicon Valley derides as the old&nbsp;economy	1
Today's additions to the Trump administration Sen. Jeff Sessions Michael Flynn Rep. Mike Pompeo	Todays Addings to Trump Administration Sen. Jeff Sessions, Michael Flynn Rep. Mike Pompeo	1
A 1998 book looked around the corner and saw the election of 2016 coming	" I saw this coming " A 1998 book look around the corner and saw the election of 2016 coming	1
Chicagos gang violence is usually about men . Here's the story of one way it reaches women .	Chicago Gang Violence Is More About Men. Heres the Story of One Way It Reaches Women	1
Melania Trump and Michelle Obama sit down for tea in the White House	Melania Trump and Michelle Obama SIT in the White House for Tea	1
Melania Trump and Michelle Obama sit down for tea in the White House	Melania Trump and Michelle Obama sit down for tea in the White House" property	1
How did Donald Trump win ? Here are 24 theories	How Did Trump Win? 24 Theories.	1
How did Donald Trump win ? Here are 24 theories	24 theories on why Trump won	1
How did Donald Trump win ? Here are 24 theories	24 theories on why Trump won!	1
Anti-Donald Trump protest in Portland , Ore now ' a riot	Anti-DonaldTrump Protest in Portland, Ore now'a riot	1
It's time for some serious soul searching from the media , says CNN's @brianstelter	Media should make time for soul searching, says @CNN's Brians Telter	1
Clicks to bricks Many web retailers are going brick and mortar	Clicks to Bricks Many web retailers are going brick and m&nbsp;mortar	1
Clicks to bricks Many web retailers are going brick and mortar	Clicks to Bricks. web retailers turning to brick and mortar	1
Clicks to bricks Many web retailers are going brick and mortar	Clicks to Bricks Many web retailers are going brick and mlb	1
Attacks against American Muslims surged last year , driving an overall increase in hate crimes , according to the FBI	Attacks against Muslim Americans surged last year, driving overall increase in hate crimes, @FBI	1
Attacks against American Muslims surged last year , driving an overall increase in hate crimes , according to the FBI	Attacks on American Muslims Surged Last Year, Driving Overall Increase in Hate Crimes, F.B.I. Says	1
You did this , America Sarah Palin being considered for Cabinet .	Sarah Palin: "You did this, America" Palin is considered for Cabinet" property	1
Donald Trump is recruiting among the lobbyists he once denounced	Trump recruits among lobbyists he once denounced	1
Donald Trump is recruiting among the lobbyists he once denounced	Trump is recruiting lobbyists he once denounced	1
America was on the wrong track , these women said , and Donald Trump alone could fix it .	America was on the wrong track, these women said. The only person who could fix it was Donald Trump.	1
An administration-in-waiting that will break starkly with that of President Obama	An Administration in Expectation That Will Break Strongly With That of President Obama	1
doesn't this mean democrats should be obstructionists who encourage borderline insurrection ?	DON'T THIS MATTER democrats should be obstructionists who encourage borderline insurrection	1
SearchInk Unlocking the handwritten past , and present , with machine learning	SearchInk unlocks the handwritten past, and present, with machinelearning	1
Flags removed , torn up by Brown University students before Veterans Day	Vacancies'Flags torn Up by Brown University Students before Veterans Day	1
Tax cuts are coming , but they may not be quite as large as Trump promised	Tax cuts may not be as big as Trump promised	1
As transition pace picks up , Donald Trump nears cabinet nominations	Trump Nears Cabinet Nominations As Transition Pace Picks Up	1
White women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for Trump	White women sold the sisterhood and the world by voting for @realDonaldTrump.	1
Good time to read @benshapiro's piece on 2nd most powerful WH staffer Steve Bannon	Interesting read by @Benshapiro on the 2nd Most Powerful WH Staffer Steve Bannon	1
Facebook admits it must do more to stop the spread of misinformation on itsplatform	Facebook has revealed it must do more to combat the spread of misinformation on the platform	1
Facebook admits it must do more to stop the spread of misinformation on itsplatform	Facebook admits it must do more to stop spread of misinformation on its platform	1
Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI , not just user reports	Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI, not just user&nbsp;reports	1
Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI , not just user reports	One of Facebook's strategies was to fight fake news with AI, not just user&nbsp;reports	1
Facebook chose to fight fake news with AI , not just user reports	Facebook chose to fight fake news with #AI, not just user&nbsp;reports	1
Trump transition team announces CIA director , attorney general and national security advisor	Trump transition team name CIA director, attorney general, national security advisor	1
Trump transition team announces CIA director , attorney general and national security advisor	Trump transition team name CIA director, attorney general and national security advisor.	1
Russia withdraws from International Criminal Court , calling it " one-sided	Russias Exit From ICP: Its One-sided	1
Russia withdraws from International Criminal Court , calling it " one-sided	Russia Disrupts From International Criminal Court, Calling It & amp ; Calling It &ldquo;One-Sided&rdquo;	1
Russia withdraws from International Criminal Court , calling it " one-sided	Russia Withdrew From International Criminal Court, Calling It &ldquo;One-sided&rdquo;	1
Here's why Jeff Sessions is the perfect pick for attorney general	Jeff Sessions, A perfect pick for Attorney General, is the perfect pick '. " property	1
Here's why Jeff Sessions is the perfect pick for attorney general	Jeff Sessions Is the Perfect Pick for Attorney General Heres Why Jeff Sessions Is the Perfect Pick for	1
Here's why Jeff Sessions is the perfect pick for attorney general	Jeff Sessions Is the Perfect Pick for Attorney General, A list of reasons	1
Donald Trump may select an architect of Bush's torture program to run CIA	Trump may choose architect of Bush's torture program to run C.I.A. gt	1
Donald Trump may select an architect of Bush's torture program to run CIA	Trump may choose CIA's architect of Bush's torture program	1
Lawmaker's ' suck it up , buttercup ' bill targets students ' Trump hysteria	Lawmaker's'suck it up, buttercup'bill targets students & amp ; Trump hysteria.	1
Just imagine what would happen if the Chinese started eating avocado	What Would Happen if the Chinese Begin Eating Avocado?	1
Please don't let up , @jaketapper . We need you to afflict ' em .	Jaketapper, please don't let up, we need you to afflict 'em.	1
Hitler's only kidding about the antisemitism " New York Times , 1922	Hitlers only kidding about antisemitism'New York Times 1922	1
Now you can use Airbnb to reserve dance parties in Havana , historical tours in Cape Town and go star-gazing in L.A.	Airbnb Now You Can Reserve Dance Parties in Havana, Stargazing in LA, or Historical Tours in Cape Town	1
Now you can use Airbnb to reserve dance parties in Havana , historical tours in Cape Town and go star-gazing in L.A.	You can now use Airbnb to reserve dance parties in Havana, stargazing tours in Los Angeles and historical tours in Cape Town.	1
Trumps Unprecedented Use of Twitter May Continue in the White House	Trump&rsquo;s Unprecedented Use of Twitter May Continue in the White House.	1
Trumps Unprecedented Use of Twitter May Continue in the White House	Trump&rsquo;s Unprecedented Use of Twitter May Continue in the White House	1
And this is the flip side of the booing/why dissent is significant in Constitutional democracy	What is that, to me, is the flip side of the booing? Why dissent is important in Constitutional democracy	1
Saving coal is one promise Donald J . Trump wont be able to keep	Saving #coal is one promise #DonaldJ. Will be unable to keep #Trump promise	1
Trump says same-sex marriage is " settled , " but suggests room for change on Roe vs .	Same-sex marriage'settled, but for Roe vs. at least some stability in Trump's arguments and remarks	1
Ever Wanted to Back a Start-Up ? Indiegogo Opens the Door to Small Investors	Have You Ever Wanted to Back a Start-Up? Indiegogo Opens the Door to Small Investors	1
Obama on Trump victory Hopefully it's a reminder that elections matter and voting counts	Obama on Trump victory Hopefully it's a reminder that elections matter & amp ; voting counts	1
Obama on Trump victory Hopefully it's a reminder that elections matter and voting counts	Obama on Trump victory Hopefully it's a reminder that election&nbsp;counts and votes count	1
Despite Trump victory lap , Ford says it wasn't planning to move its assembly plant to Mexico	Despite Trump victory lap, #Ford wasn't planning to move #Mexico assembly plant to	1
The New Zealand earthquake struck near Christchurch , which was devastated by a quake in 2011	New Zealand earthquake hits near Christchurch, devastated by 2011 quake	1
Hillary Clinton to campaign volunteers These have been very , very tough days	Clinton to campaign volunteers: "These have been very, very tough days"" property	1
Hillary Clinton to campaign volunteers These have been very , very tough days	Hillary Clinton and Volunteers: These have been very, very tough days " property	1
Hillary Clinton , in an emotional speech , asked supporters to continue working for a better country	Hillary Clinton, in Her Emotional Speech, Asks Supporters to Keep Striding for a Better Country	1
At least a dozen nonprofits that oppose Donald Trumps policies have reported surges in donations since Nov .	As of Nov., the donations surged significantly, according to a dozen nonprofits rehating Trumps policies.	1
At least a dozen nonprofits that oppose Donald Trumps policies have reported surges in donations since Nov .	Admit it, a dozen nonprofits that oppose Trumps policies have reported surges in donations since Nov.	1
At least a dozen nonprofits that oppose Donald Trumps policies have reported surges in donations since Nov .	These Non-Profit Organizations Report Huge Donations Since Nov. 2016 @CNNPolitics A dozen of them don't want @realDonaldTrump's money	1
I refuse to be a bystander .	Refuse to Be a Bystander.	1
How much is your poo worth ? No we're not joking there's big money to be made out of sewage	How Much Is Your Pouch Worth? It&rsquo;s Not. We&rsquo;re Not Joking There&rsquo;s Big Money to Be Made From Sewage	1
How Nasty Gal went from an eBay page to a rapidly expanding business to bankruptcy .	How Nasty Gal From An eBay Page to a Rapidly Expanding Business To Insolvency	1
How Nasty Gal went from an eBay page to a rapidly expanding business to bankruptcy .	How Nasty Gal From An eBay Page to a Rapidly Expanding Business, to Bankruptcy.	1
How Nasty Gal went from an eBay page to a rapidly expanding business to bankruptcy .	How Nasty Gal From an eBay Page to a Rapidly Expanding Business to Bankruptcy	1
Trumps Meeting with Business Partners Hints at How Presidency May Benefit His Ventures	Trump's meeting with business partners gives him insight on how Presidency may benefit his ventures @CNNPolitics	1
Dont move to Canada . Talk to the other side .	Don&rsquo;t Move to Canada. Talk to the Other Side.	1
Dont move to Canada . Talk to the other side .	Don&rsquo;t Move to Canada;Talk to the Other Side	1
Do you have information about abortions Trump may have paid for ? Let us know	Do you have information about Trump's funding of abortions? Please leave a comment below.	1
Do you have information about abortions Trump may have paid for ? Let us know	Do you have information on the #abortion claims Trump may have paid for? Let's explore our story below	1
Do you have information about abortions Trump may have paid for ? Let us know	What Do You Know About Abortions Donald Trump Paid For	1
At $60 , the NES Classic Edition offers an incredible nostalgic value	The NES Classic Edition is a classic gaming console with an incredible nostalgic value at $60	1
At $60 , the NES Classic Edition offers an incredible nostalgic value	The NES Classic Edition offers incredible nostalgia value at $60	1
Greek police use tear gas , stun grenades to quell anti-Obama protesters in Athens	Greece Fires Anti-Obama Tries Gas, Stungrenades to Quell Anti-Obama Protesters in Athens	1
The conflicts between Trump's private interests & amp ; public role will be impossible to untangle	Conflicts between Donald Trump's private interests and public role will be impossible to untangle	1
The conflicts between Trump's private interests & amp ; public role will be impossible to untangle	How the conflicts between Trump's private interests and his public role will be impossible to untangle	1
The conflicts between Trump's private interests & amp ; public role will be impossible to untangle	The conflicts between Trump's public and private interests will be impossible to untangle	1
Ford was not actually planning to move an automaking plant from Kentucky to Mexico . Trump suggested otherwise .	Ford Was Not Exactly Planning to Move an Automaking Plant From Kentucky to Mexico. Trump Sentiments Them.	1
Disagreements over key cabinet appointments split Trump transition team ; one source describes it as a " knife fight	Dealing With Cabinet Appointments Split Trump Transition Team ; Source Sees It as a &ldquo;Knife Fighting&rdquo;	1
Disagreements over key cabinet appointments split Trump transition team ; one source describes it as a " knife fight	Disagreements Over Key Cabinet Appointments Divide Trump Transition Team: Its like a "Knife Battle" of a	1
Disagreements over key cabinet appointments split Trump transition team ; one source describes it as a " knife fight	Disagreements Over Key Cabinet Appointments Split Trump Transition Team ; Sources Call It a &ldquo;Knife Fight&rdquo;	1
Disagreements over key cabinet appointments split Trump transition team ; one source describes it as a " knife fight	Disagreements Over Cabinet Appointments Split Trump Transition Team, Sources Say ; Its All About Knife Fighting.	1
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte says he may follow Russia's step to withdraw from the ICC	Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte says he may follow Russia's step to withdraw from the International Criminal Court	1
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte says he may follow Russia's step to withdraw from the ICC	Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte says he may follow Russia's steps to withdraw from the International Criminal Court	1
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte says he may follow Russia's step to withdraw from the ICC	Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte may follow Russias lead and withdraw from the ICC.	1
SANCTUARIES ' UNDER FIRE Battle looms as mayors vow to defy Trump on illegal immigrants	Mayors Defy Trump on Immigrants SANCTUARIES'UNDER FIRE Battle looms as mayors vow to defy immigration.	1
On issue after issue , Donald Trumps statements conflict with many UN positions . Here are the major examples .	Trump has the power to argue with many UN positions on issues after issues. Here are the main examples.	1
Facebook suddenly thinks a bunch of people are dead Don't panic .	Facebook suddenly thinks a bunch of people are dead Don&rsquo;t panic	1
Facebook suddenly thinks a bunch of people are dead Don't panic .	Facebook suddenly thinks a bunch of people are dead. Don&rsquo;t panic	1
NFL wide receiver kneels for National Anthem in protest of Trump election	Pro Football Wide Receiver Kneelt for National Anthem in Protest of Trump Election @CNNPolitics	1
This election showed the growing and worrisome divide between rural and urban America	This election showed the growing and worrying divide between rural & amp ; urban America	1
Outstanding read by @HenryGrabar Rural Americans pick presidents , chose one who wont help them	Great read from @HenryGrabar Rural Americans pick presidents, pick one who won't help!	1
Angela Merkel will seek a fourth term as Germany's leader , reports say	Merkel to Be Nominated for 4 Yrs as Germanys Leader, Report Says	1
Angela Merkel will seek a fourth term as Germany's leader , reports say	Angela Merkel to Find 4th Term as Germanys Leader Source	1
Angela Merkel will seek a fourth term as Germany's leader , reports say	Merkel to Seek Fourth Term as Germanys Leader, Report Says	1
Angela Merkel will seek a fourth term as Germany's leader , reports say	Merkel seeks fourth term as Germany's prime minister, Reports Say	1
Angela Merkel will seek a fourth term as Germany's leader , reports say	Angela Merkel to Run for 4th Term in Germanys Top Official, Report Says	1
42 states shifted to the right in 2016 . The majority of battleground states went for Trump .	42 States Shifted to the Right in 2016. Most Battleground States For Trump	1
42 states shifted to the right in 2016 . The majority of battleground states went for Trump .	42 States Moved To the Right in 2016. Most of the Battleground States Goed for Trump	1
Clinton was representative of every woman whos been talked over or overlooked for a job	Hillary Clinton was a representative of every woman who has been talked over or overlooked for a job	1
Clinton was representative of every woman whos been talked over or overlooked for a job	Hillary Clinton is an individual representative of every woman who has been talked over or overlooked for a job	1
Clinton was representative of every woman whos been talked over or overlooked for a job	Hillary Clinton Was Reprehending Every Woman Who Has Been Talked Over or Overlooked for a Job	1
Donald Trump has offered Michael Flynn the post of national security adviser , according to a top transition official	Donald Trump Offers Michael Flynn Post as National Security Advisor, Top Transition Official Says	1
We asked 15 families about the Thanksgiving dishes that speak to who they are . Here are their stories .	15 families share their Thanksgiving dishes that speak to who they are. Read them all.	1
We asked 15 families about the Thanksgiving dishes that speak to who they are . Here are their stories .	15 Family Share What Their Thanksgiving Recipes Tell Us About Who They Are.	1
How an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for Donald Trump	How an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for @realDonaldTrump.	1
How an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for Donald Trump	How an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for @realDonaldTrump	1
Are you open to 2020 ? I am open to doing everything I can right now	Are you open to #2020? I am open to doing everything I can now!	1
Trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate	Trump is manipulating the media the same way he did the electorate, of course.	1
Trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate	Trump's manipulating the media the same way he did the electorate.	1
The Impossible Burger is the veggie burger that " bleeds . So how does it taste ?	The Impossible Burger: The Vegetarian Burger That Bleeds. How Does It Taste?	1
The continuing reality show that Mr. Trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal	How the Mainstream Reality Show That Mr. Trump Creates May Help Protect Him From Deep Damage by Any Particular Scandal	1
The continuing reality show that Mr. Trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal	The ongoing reality show that Mr. Trump creates may help him from the depths of the scandal.	1
Trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , CNN/ORC poll shows	Donald Trump will become president with an approval rating of just 40%, the lowest of any recent president, according to a new CNN/ORC poll.	1
Theresa May is said to be favoring a " hard Brexit , " taking Britain from the European single market and customs union	Theresa May is reportedly favored of a hard Brexit, taking Britain out of the European single market and of the customs union	1
Theresa May is said to be favoring a " hard Brexit , " taking Britain from the European single market and customs union	Theresa May is reportedly calling for a " hard Brexit ", with Britain removing itself from the single market and from the customs union in the EU.	1
Theresa May is said to be favoring a " hard Brexit , " taking Britain from the European single market and customs union	Theresa May Said to Be Favoring Hard Brexit, Scraping E.U. Single Market and Customs Union for Britain	1
Theresa May is said to be favoring a " hard Brexit , " taking Britain from the European single market and customs union	Theresa May Says She's'for Hard Brexit, Kloppling the EU and Customs Union.	1
Donald Trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon John Lewis	Trump rips Civil Rights icon John Lewis'all talk,'" no action	1
Donald Trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon John Lewis	Trump Rips " All Talk, " " No Action'Civil Rights Icon Lewis on Trump	1
Donald Trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon John Lewis	Trump Rips Civil Rights Iconist John Lewis, All Talk, No Action	1
They come every day Border town residents face daily threat from trafficking	Border - Town Residents Face Daily Threat From Trafficking They Come Every Day	1
They come every day Border town residents face daily threat from trafficking	People come daily with a concern that traffickers are ravaging our border towns.	1
Ive been called a token more times than I can count ; Ive been one more times than I cared to .	I can count how many times I&rsquo;ve been called a token ; more than I can count ; Ive been one more time than I cared to.	1
Ive been called a token more times than I can count ; Ive been one more times than I cared to .	I have been a token more times than I can count. Ive been one more time than I cared to.	1
Ive been called a token more times than I can count ; Ive been one more times than I cared to .	I've been called a token more times than I can count, more times than I cared to.	1
Ive been called a token more times than I can count ; Ive been one more times than I cared to .	Its the token that counts. I Have Been Called A Token More Times Than I Cared to.	1
This just in Fox News Settled Sexual Harassment Allegations Against Bill OReilly , Documents Show	The latest Fox News settled sexual harassment allegations Against Bill OReilly, Documents Show	1
This just in Fox News Settled Sexual Harassment Allegations Against Bill OReilly , Documents Show	Latest Fox News Settled Settled Sexual Harassment Allegations Against Bill OReilly, Documents Show	1
This just in Fox News Settled Sexual Harassment Allegations Against Bill OReilly , Documents Show	Fox News Settled Sex Harassment Allegations Against Bill OReilly, Documents Show	1
This just in Fox News Settled Sexual Harassment Allegations Against Bill OReilly , Documents Show	Fox News Settled Settled Sexual Harassment Allegations Against Bill OReilly, Documents Show	1
Priebus says Democrats to blame for email hack , thinks Trump accepts intel findings	Priebus: Democrats to Blame for Email Hack, Think Trump Accepts Intel Findings" property	1
Priebus says Democrats to blame for email hack , thinks Trump accepts intel findings	Priebus: Democrats to Blame for Email Hack, Think Trump Accepts Intel Founds	1
Shame on you rips #Dems who plan to skip inauguration .	Shame on You Rips Dems Who Plan to Skip Inauguration	1
Shame on you rips #Dems who plan to skip inauguration .	Shame on You Rips Democrats Who Plan to Skip Inauguration	1
Shame on you rips #Dems who plan to skip inauguration .	Shame on You Ripples Dems Who Plan to Skip Inauguration.	1
Repealing Obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich	Obamacare Repeal will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich.	1
Obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for Cuban refugees	Obamas End to'wet foot, dry foot'policy for Cuban refugees	1
Teddy Roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible	Roosevelts Inauguration Oath was So Frustrated No One Thumbs Up to Find a Bible	1
Teddy Roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible	Teddy Roosevelts Inauguration Oath So Rushed No One Thought to Find a Bible	1
The Cowboys gave the Packers the ball back with 35 seconds remaining , but that was all they needed to win the game	With 35 seconds left, the Cowboys gave the Packers the ball back, but that was all they needed to win the game." property	1
The Cowboys gave the Packers the ball back with 35 seconds remaining , but that was all they needed to win the game	Cowboys Give Packers the Ball Back With 35 Seconds Rest, but That Was All They Needed to Win Game	1
No Democrat should attend the inauguration . Here are the ones who might anyway	No Democrat Should Attend Inauguration. Here Are the Ones Who Might Still.	1
No Democrat should attend the inauguration . Here are the ones who might anyway	No Democrat Should Attend Inauguration. Here&rsquo;s the One Who Might Still Attend	1
No Democrat should attend the inauguration . Here are the ones who might anyway	No Democrat Should Attend Inauguration. Heres the Ones Who Might Still Attend.	1
The World Series champion Chicago @Cubs visit the White House today .	World Series Champion Chicago Cubs Visit White House Today	1
The World Series champion Chicago @Cubs visit the White House today .	World Series Champion Chicago Cubs Visit White House today	1
The World Series champion Chicago @Cubs visit the White House today .	The Chicago Cubs, the World Series Champion, Hit the White House.	1
The iconic Boeing 747 jumbo jet is headed for US retirement this year	Boeing 747, Dream Jet, Heads For US Retirement This Year	1
Federal prosecutors file charges against Santiago , he could face the death penalty	Federal Prosecutor Files Charges Against Santiago, Could Face Death Penalty	1
Only transparency now can save the Trump administration from death by 1,000 leaks	Transparency now can save @realDonaldTrump administration from death by 1,000 #Leaks	1
I believe he knows how to build things . Women who voted for Trump , in their own words .	I Believe He Knows How to Build Things The Women Who Voted for Trump In Their Own Words	1
I believe he knows how to build things . Women who voted for Trump , in their own words .	Women Voted for Trump in Their Own Words	1
I believe he knows how to build things . Women who voted for Trump , in their own words .	I believe he knows how to build things. Women who voted for @realDonaldTrump, in their own words	1
It's been a busy Tuesday . All of this actually happened , today	Wow, what a day! It's been a busy Tuesday. All of this really happened today.	1
How Harvard got caught in the Obama administration's battle against predatory for-profit colleges	How Harvard Got Taught in Obama Administration's Battle Against Predatory, For-Profit Colleges	1
How Harvard got caught in the Obama administration's battle against predatory for-profit colleges	How Harvard Got Thrung in Obama's Battle Against Predatory Colleges For-profit	1
The world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population	The worlds 8 richest have as much wealth as the poorest - 40% of the global population	1
The world's 8 richest have as much wealth as the bottom half of the global population	world's 8 richest people are each as rich as the poorest, most.	1
Fox News is losing Megyn Kelly . She will move to NBC , where she will have her own daytime and weekend shows .	Megyn Kelly has stepped aside from Fox News and leaving her to NBC to have her own shows daytime and weekend	1
The White House press corps was stunned by reports that the Trump administration might eject them from the West Wing	White House Press Corps stunned by reports of Trump'ejecting' West Wing Press corps	1
The White House press corps was stunned by reports that the Trump administration might eject them from the West Wing	White House press corps shook by reports of Trump-induced ejections from West Wing" property	1
The White House press corps was stunned by reports that the Trump administration might eject them from the West Wing	White House press corps stunned by reports Trump Administration might eject press corps from West Wing	1
The White House press corps was stunned by reports that the Trump administration might eject them from the West Wing	White House press corps shocked by reports Trump might eject press corps from West Wing	1
The White House press corps was stunned by reports that the Trump administration might eject them from the West Wing	White House press corps stunned by reports Trump would eject reporters from West Wing	1
The star of Trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at	The star of Trumps press conference was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at	1
The star of Trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at	Star of Trump Press Conference Was Huge Stack of Papers Nobody Was Allowed to Look At	1
The star of Trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at	The star of Trumps press conference was a gigantic stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at	1
The star of Trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at	Star of Trump&rsquo;s Press Conference: Huge Stack of Papers Nobody Was Allowing to Look At	1
The star of Trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at	The star of Trumps press conference was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at.	1
The star of Trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at	The Star of Donald Trumps Press Conference Was a Huge Stack of Papers Nobody Was Allowed to Look At	1
The star of Trumps presser was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at	The star of Trump&rsquo;s press conference was a huge stack of papers nobody was allowed to look at	1
Two controversial abortion bills in Kentucky have been passed by the Republican-led state legislature	Two controversial abortion bills passed by Republican-led Kentucky legislature	1
For decades , hotels across the former Soviet Union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the KGB	KGB armed hotels across the former Soviet Union with bugging devices and cameras for decades.	1
Jennifer Holliday will no longer sing for Trump after finding out her performance was heartbreaking to her gay fans	Jennifer Holliday Loses #SingForTrump After Finding Out Her Performance Was Heartbreaking to Gay Fans	1
Dow falls 76 points . Nasdaq rises 0.2% , while S & P 500 slips 0.4% . Oil fell 4% to $52 a gallon .	Dow Jones Slid 76 Points, Nasdaq Rises 0.2%, S &amp; P Slips 0.4%. Oil Sinks to $52 a Gallon.	1
Asian-American men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . Why is Steve Harvey joining in now ?	It's official! Asian-American men have long been stereotyped as not masculine. Why is Steve Harvey joining in now?	1
As members of the global elite gather this week in Davos , gender issues will be hotly debated	As Leaders in Global Elite Gather in Davos This Week, Gender Issues Spark Hotly Debate	1
Department of Justice investigation finds Chicago Police Department engages in a pattern of excessive force	Department of Justice, Investigation Finds Chicago Police Engage in Overtly Reactional Force	1
Cities need a movement against conservative meddling . Tallahassee just started it	Cities Need a Movement Against Conservative Meddling. It Just Started It. dmlm ;Tallahassee Just Started It.	1
At his HUD hearing , Ben Carson displayed he knows nothing about HUD	Ben Carson displayed little to no knowledge of HUD during his HUD hearing	1
Why is it so hard for writers to talk candidly about how much money they make ?	What Makes Writers Tick Up When It Comes to Talk About How Much Money They Make	1
The Senate confirmation hearing for Scott Pruitt as next EPA chief is underway .	Senate confirmation hearing for Pruitt as EPA Chief is underway	1
The Senate confirmation hearing for Scott Pruitt as next EPA chief is underway .	Senate confirmation hearing for Scott Pruitt is underway for next EPA chief	1
The Senate confirmation hearing for Scott Pruitt as next EPA chief is underway .	Senate confirmation hearing for Scott Pruitt as EPA Chief Is Going As	1
Just tuning in to Trump's news conference ? What you've missed so far	Tuning in to Trump's news conference? What we've missed so far	1
Oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country	Oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country. The state is no exception.	1
If you have an inquisitive mind and a strong stomach , #BestCarcass is the hashtag for you	If you have an inquisitive mind and a strong stomach, the Best Carcass is the #Hashtag for yo!	1
If you have an inquisitive mind and a strong stomach , #BestCarcass is the hashtag for you	If you have a strong stomach and an inquisitive mind, this is the best carcass hashtag!	1
Razer built a laptop with three screens because why not ?	Razers Razers Build a Laptop With Three Screens. Why Not?	1
La La Land has swept the board at the 7 wins from 7 nominations	La La Land wins the nominations with 7 wins & amp ; 7 nominations.	1
La La Land has swept the board at the 7 wins from 7 nominations	La La Land wins the title with 7 wins from 7 nominations	1
La La Land has swept the board at the 7 wins from 7 nominations	La La Land wins the board with 7 wins from 7 nominations!	1
Jeff Sessions just said he'd prosecute porn . Trump appeared in multiple porns .	Jeff Sessions Just Said He&rsquo;d Prosecute Porn. Trump appeared in Multiple Porns.	1
Jeff Sessions just said he'd prosecute porn . Trump appeared in multiple porns .	Jeff Sessions just said he'd prosecute porn. Trump appeared in multiple. htt	1
Donald Trump has selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern American history	Donald Trumps picks the richest cabinet in modern American history.	1
First on CNN Condoleezza Rice endorses Sen. Jeff Sessions for attorney general	Condoleezza Rice backs Jeff Sessions as attorney general First on CNN Condoleezza Rice endorses Sen. Jeff Sessions for attorney general / @CNNPolitics	1
First on CNN Condoleezza Rice endorses Sen. Jeff Sessions for attorney general	Condoleezza Rice endorses Jeff Sessions for attorney-general, first on CNN	1
Harborview Medical Center says Mount Vernon , Wash officer shot ' remains critical in intensive care	Harborview Medical Center says Mount Vernon, Wash officer shot'remains critical in intensive care'@CNNPolitics	1
Nutella maker fights back over claims palm oil in the spread can cause cancer	Nutella maker fighting claims spread of palm oil can cause cancer	1
Nutella maker fights back over claims palm oil in the spread can cause cancer	Nutella maker fighting back over claims #palm oil spread can cause #cancer	1
Trump shrugs off Dems ' inauguration boycott I hope they give me their tickets	Trump shrugs off Dems inauguration boycott. Then says, " I hope they give me their tickets	1
Trump shrugs off Dems ' inauguration boycott I hope they give me their tickets	Trump shrugs off Dems inauguration boycott'if they give me their tickets	1
Trump shrugs off Dems ' inauguration boycott I hope they give me their tickets	Trump shrugs off Dems inauguration boycott'i hope they give me their tickets''Trump shrugs off'I hope they give me their	1
This newly discovered species of moth has been named after Donald Trump . Can you guess why ?	New moth named in honor of Donald Trump. We know I don't know why.	1
GOP Sen. Ron Johnson Republicans " don't have total agreement " on an exact ACA replacement	Republican Sen. Ron Johnson on whether Republicans can get a " full agreement " on the ACA.	1
We don't want to commit taxpayer funding to an organization providing abortions	We don't want to commit taxpayer funding to an organization providing abortives	1
We don't want to commit taxpayer funding to an organization providing abortions	We don&rsquo;t want to commit taxpayer funding to an organization providing abortions.	1
Gene Cernan , the astronaut known for his daring and the last man to walk on the moon , has died at 82	Gene Cernan, known for daring and the last man to walk on the moon, dead at 82	1
Gene Cernan , the astronaut known for his daring and the last man to walk on the moon , has died at 82	Gene Cernan, the last man to orbit the moon, dies at 82	1
Man Attempts to Light Himself on Fire in DC to Protest Trump's Election	Man Attempts to Light Himself on Fire in DC to Protest #Trump'election ht	1
Man Attempts to Light Himself on Fire in DC to Protest Trump's Election	Trump: Man Attempts to Light Himself on Fire in DC to Protest Election	1
Why the Buzzfeed debacle damaged journalism and handed Trump a gift	Why the Buzzfeed Debacle Damaged Journalism and Gifted Trump	1
Why the Buzzfeed debacle damaged journalism and handed Trump a gift	Why the Buzzfeed debacle damaged journalism & amp ; handed Trump a gift	1
Why the Buzzfeed debacle damaged journalism and handed Trump a gift	Why the Buzzfeed debacle damaged the journalism and gifted Trump	1
Donald Trump appears determined to violate the Constitution on his first day	Trump appears determined to violate the Constitution on Day One of his term	1
Donald Trump appears determined to violate the Constitution on his first day	Trump appears determined to violate the Constitution on day 1	1
China says it will ban abuses like electroshock therapy in its internet detox camps , but will it be enforced evenly ?	China says it will ban Internet detox camps that use electroshock - but would enforce them equally?	1
President Obama commutes the sentence of WikiLeaks leaker Chelsea Manning .	Obama commutes sentence of Chelsea Manning, the WikiLeaks leaker	1
President Obama commutes the sentence of WikiLeaks leaker Chelsea Manning .	President Obama commutes sentence of Chelsea Manning, who was jailed as a former WikiLeaks leaker	1
It was " appropriate " for the US to abstain in a UN vote on Israeli settlements	It was'appropriate'for the US to abstain from a UN resolution referring to Israeli settlements.	1
Jeff Sessions fights for racist outcomes . Who cares whats in his heart ?	Jeff Sessions Fights for Racist Outcomes. Who Cares What&rsquo;s In His Heart?	1
Jeff Sessions fights for racist outcomes . Who cares whats in his heart ?	Jeff Sessions Fights For Racist Outcomes. Who Cares What&rsquo;s in His Heart?	1
Jeff Sessions fights for racist outcomes . Who cares whats in his heart ?	Jeff Sessions fights for racist outcomes. Who Cares What&rsquo;s in His Heart?	1
Bernie Sanders asked Price if he viewed health care as " a right . Were a compassionate society	Bernie Sanders asks Price if he sees health care as'a right. Were a compassionate society'@CNNPolitics	1
Moving U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem is ' red line , ' Jordan warns	Moving #US Embassy to #Jerusalem is'red line,'Jordan warns.	1
That big 3 column headline on the front of the NYT . a stomach-churning moment in history .	The New York Times' big 3 column headline on the front. A stomach-churning moment in history.	1
That big 3 column headline on the front of the NYT . a stomach-churning moment in history .	The Big 3 Column Headline at the Front of The New York Times, a Gosh-Churning Moment in History	1
Because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs	Students are more prone to college-level debt, and Millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs	1
Booker breaks with precedent to testify against Sessions and earns Republican rebuke	Booker breaks with precedent to testify against Sessions and earns GOP rebuke	1
Senators wary of only repealing ObamaCare adds to GOP's dismantle travails	Senate's wary of only repealing ObamaCare adds to GOP's dismantle-plots	1
In a break with precedent , Trump's transition staff is denying extensions to Obama envoys past Inauguration Day	In break with precedent, Trump transition staff denying extensions for Obama envoys past Inauguration Day.	1
Donald Trumps victory and his imminent presidency is already tainted beyond redemption	Donald Trump&rsquo;s Victory and Imminence Is Already Tainted Beyond Retrieval	1
Donald Trumps victory and his imminent presidency is already tainted beyond redemption	Donald Trump&rsquo;s Victory and Imminence Imminent Presidency Is Already Tainted Beyond Redeeming	1
Donald Trumps victory and his imminent presidency is already tainted beyond redemption	Donald Trump's pre-election campaign tainted beyond redemption	1
Donald Trumps victory and his imminent presidency is already tainted beyond redemption	Donald Trump Is Tainted Beyond Redeeming. It isnt just Donald Trumps victory but also his imminent presidency	1
Americans want to buy cheaper meds from Canada . Why did 12 Dems vote against it ?	Americans Want to Buy Cheaper Medicine From Canada. Why Did 12 Democrats Vote Against It? The Affordable Care Act Would Remake Health Care for Americans.	1
Americans want to buy cheaper meds from Canada . Why did 12 Dems vote against it ?	Americans Want to Buy Cheaper Meds From Canada. Why Did 12 Democrats Vote Against It? lt	1
The government-run camp that Nigeria mistakenly bombed is in an area where Boko Haram has recently increased attacks	Nigerian Airlines Missed Bombs Government-run camp where Boko Haram has recently risen	1
This female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male	Female zebra shark blows scientists by giving birth without male	1
All I know is whats on the internet . How Trump harnesses the power of fake news	What I Know Is Whats on the Internet. How Trump Harsh Uses the Power of Fake News	1
A FALN member will be freed by Pres . Obama , there is outrage and support	AWARDS: FALN - Member to Be Freed by Pres. Obama, There Is Outrage and Support	1
A FALN member will be freed by Pres . Obama , there is outrage and support	NO REMEMBER FALN members to be freed by Obama, there is outrage and support @FALN	1
Clemson shocks Alabama to win its first national title in 35 years	Clemson Stuns Alabama to Wring National Title In 35 Years	1
Government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child	How to raise a child, according to a government report, costs $ 233,610	1
Nigeria mistakenly bombed a refugee camp . Doctors Without Borders counted 50 people dead and 120 injured .	Nigerians mistakenly bomb refugee camp, Doctors Without Borders count 50 dead & amp ; 120 injured.	1
Trump , in Alabama , vows to ' keep radical Islamic terrorists the hell out of our country	Trump, in Alabama, vows to keep radical islamist terrorists the hell out of #USA	1
YouTube adds new in-app messaging feature on iOS and Android in Canada	YouTube adds new in-app messaging feature on iOS and&nbsp;And Android in Canada	1
YouTube adds new in-app messaging feature on iOS and Android in Canada	YouTube adds new in-app messaging feature on iOS & amp ; Android in Canada	1
YouTube adds new in-app messaging feature on iOS and Android in Canada	YouTube adds new in-app messaging feature on iOS and&nbsp;And Android in&nbsp;Canada	1
O'Reilly: $500K Raised for AL Band to Attend Inauguration ' A Repudiation of Race-Baiters	O'Reilly: $500K Raised for AL Band to Attend Inauguration & amp ; Repudiation of Race-Baiters	1
O'Reilly: $500K Raised for AL Band to Attend Inauguration ' A Repudiation of Race-Baiters	OReilly: $500K Raised for AL Band to Attend Inauguration'Repudiation of Race-Baiters'	1
The President of the AFL-CIO met with Donald Trump today .	AFL-CIO President Met With Trump Today	1
I think it was Russia Donald Trump on US hacking before the US election	I think it was Russia @realDonaldTrump on US hacking before the US election	1
to Form ' Wall of Meat ' If @realDonaldTrump Inauguration Protests Get Out of Hand	to Form'Wall of Meat'If Trump Inauguration Protests Get Out of Hand	1
to Form ' Wall of Meat ' If @realDonaldTrump Inauguration Protests Get Out of Hand	To Form  Wall of Meat '' If Trump Inauguration Protests Get Out of Hand	1
Woman asks Paul Ryan Do you think I should be deported ?	Woman asks Paul Ryan: 'Do you think I should be deported?' property	1
Woman asks Paul Ryan Do you think I should be deported ?	Ryan: Do you think I should be deported? Woman asks Ryan Do you think you should be deported?	1
A number of Democratic lawmakers said they will not attend Trump's inauguration after he criticized John Lewis	Several Dem lawmakers say they will not attend Trump's inauguration after he criticized Lewis	1
Swiss Muslim girls must attend swim class with boys , European court rules . The decision sets an important precedent .	Muslim Girls in Switzerland Must Attend Swim Classes With Boys, Court Says - Report Sets an Important Precedent	1
Trump pushes the US Embassy move in Israel , from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , even as opposition builds	President-elect Trump pushes US Embassy move in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, even as opposition builds	1
Not since Lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as Barack Obama	Barack Obama is a fundamentally shaped by reading and writing. Not since Lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing.	1
Only " stupid " people think warm ties with Russia are a bad thing	Only'stupid'people think warm ties with Russia. Those are just bad!	1
Only " stupid " people think warm ties with Russia are a bad thing	It looks like stupid'people with Russia only think warm ties are bad ut	1
Only " stupid " people think warm ties with Russia are a bad thing	Only stupid " people think warm ties with Russia are bad.	1
Clinton Global Initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations	CGI to lay off staff, shut down amid dwindling donations	1
Asked about Planned Parenthood , Paul Ryan says he wants federal community health centers to be supported instead	Paul Ryan says he wants the federal community health centers to be supported instead of planned-parenthood	1
Scientists create 3D-printed objects that can change shape after they're printed	Scientists created 3D printed objects that can change shape after they&rsquo;re printed.	1
Scientists create 3D-printed objects that can change shape after they're printed	Scientists create 3D-printed objects that can change shape after theyre printed	1
Scientists create 3D-printed objects that can change shape after they're printed	Scientists Create 3D-Printed Objets That Change Shape After Theyre Print	1
Scientists create 3D-printed objects that can change shape after they're printed	Scientists create 3D-printed objects that change shape after they&rsquo;re printed	1
Politics is " never-ending struggleuntil the rapture , " says Trumps pick for the CIA	Politics is " never-ending struggleuntil the rapture, " says @realDonaldTrump pick for @CIA	1
Politics is " never-ending struggleuntil the rapture , " says Trumps pick for the CIA	Politics is'never-ending struggle until the rapture,'says Trumps pick for the C.I.A. htt	1
Politics is " never-ending struggleuntil the rapture , " says Trumps pick for the CIA	Politics is a'never-ending struggle'until the rapture, says Trump's pick for CIA	1
Paul Ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous Obamacare " repeal and replace	Paul Ryan, Under Growing Pressure, Advocates Simultaneous Obamacare & amp ; Repeal	1
From " I do " to " I do more Couples are planning wedding ceremonies that actively help their communities	From  I do  to  I do more'Couples are planning wedding ceremonies that actively help their communities.	1
Trump's press conference is over . Our fact-check isn't . There's a lot to unpack .	Trump's press conference is over. Our fact-check isnt. There is a lot to unpack	1
Trump's press conference is over . Our fact-check isn't . There's a lot to unpack .	The Trump conference is over. Our fact-check isnt. There's a lot to unpack.	1
Trump's press conference is over . Our fact-check isn't . There's a lot to unpack .	FACT-CURRENT, IMAGINE IT! Trumpâ€™s Press Conference Is Over. Our Fact-Check Isn&rsquo;t. There&rsquo;s a Lot to Unpack	1
Trump is lost , wandering in a labyrinth of lies and trying to drag the country in with him	Donald Trump Is Lost, Wandering in a Labyrinth of Lies and Tries to Bring the Country In With Him	1
Trump is lost , wandering in a labyrinth of lies and trying to drag the country in with him	Trump is lost, wandering in a labyrinth of lies & amp ; trying to drag the country in w/ him	1
Trump is lost , wandering in a labyrinth of lies and trying to drag the country in with him	Trumps Lost, Wandering in Labyrinth of Lies Try to Drag the Country In With Him	1
Trump is lost , wandering in a labyrinth of lies and trying to drag the country in with him	Trump is lost, wandering in a labyrinth of lies & amp ; trying to drag the country in with him	1
Trump is lost , wandering in a labyrinth of lies and trying to drag the country in with him	Donald Trump Is Lost in a Labyrinth of Lies and Trying to Drag the Country In With Him	1
Donald Trump begins his first news conference as President-elect . Watch live on @CNNgo	Trump starts first news conference as President-elect Watch live on CNNgo	1
The Falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . Their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .	At its core The Falcons are building a stadium worth $1.5 Billion. Their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood	1
The Falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . Their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .	The #Falcons are building a $1.5 Billion stadium and their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood.	1
Immigrant activists are heading to D.C. to make their voices heard on immigration issues while Obama is still there	#ImmigrantActivists Attend D.C., and Make Their Voice on #Immigration, while #Obama is still there	1
Cavuto to CNN You're Experiencing What We've Been Living for Last 8 Years	C.H. Cavuto: "We are Experiencing What We've Been Living for Last 8 Years" @CNN	1
Cavuto to CNN You're Experiencing What We've Been Living for Last 8 Years	Dominik Cavuto tells CNN Were Living For 8 Years.	1
Cavuto to CNN You're Experiencing What We've Been Living for Last 8 Years	Cavuto to CNN You&rsquo;re Experiencing What We&rsquo;ve Been Living for Last 8 Years	1
Jedi Scott became known in his neighborhood as " the Obama baby . Today , he is 8 years old .	Jedi Scott became known as Obama Baby '' in his neighborhood. Today, he is 8 yrs old.	1
Jedi Scott became known in his neighborhood as " the Obama baby . Today , he is 8 years old .	Jedi Scott became known as the Obama baby in his neighborhood, now 8 years old.	1
Democrats opted to use Jeff Sessions's hearing to establish the legal boundaries of a Donald Trump administration	Dems opt to use Jeff Sessions hearing to establish the legal boundaries of Trump Administration	1
Many organizations have no idea that their ads may end up next to content they find abhorrent	Many businesses have no idea that their ads may end up next to abusery content that they find...	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The U.S. did not want the militos '', nor did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
This just in Volkswagens Tentative $4.3 Billion Deal With U.S. Includes Guilty Plea on Emissions	Volkswagen Tentative $4.3 Billion Deal With US Includes Guilty Plea on Emissions	1
This just in Volkswagens Tentative $4.3 Billion Deal With U.S. Includes Guilty Plea on Emissions	Volkswagens Tentative $4.3 Billion Deal With the U.S. Includes Guilty Plea on Emissions	1
This just in Volkswagens Tentative $4.3 Billion Deal With U.S. Includes Guilty Plea on Emissions	Volkswagens Tentative $4.3 Billion Deal With U.S. Includes Guilty Plea on Emissions	1
This just in Volkswagens Tentative $4.3 Billion Deal With U.S. Includes Guilty Plea on Emissions	Volkswagens Tentative $4.3 Billion Deal With U.S. Includes Guilty Plea on Emissions.	1
Michelle Obama fought back tears during her last public remarks as first lady	Michelle Obama fought back tears at last official statement as first lady.	1
Japanese scientists establish identity of " missing element " within Earth's core .	Japanese scientists establish identity of  missing element '' within the Earth's core.	1
Former Startup Battlefield company Trello has been acquired by Atlassian for $425M	Atlassian acquires Trello, the startup Battlefield startup, for $425M	1
William Peter Blatty , the author whose best-selling book " The Exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89	William Peter Blatty, author of The Exorcist, dies at 89	1
William Peter Blatty , the author whose best-selling book " The Exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89	William Peter Blatty, author of The Exorcist, Dies at 89	1
William Peter Blatty , the author whose best-selling book " The Exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89	William Peter Blatty, Author of The Exorcist, Dies at 89 RIP William Peter Blatty The best-selling author dies at	1
William Peter Blatty , the author whose best-selling book " The Exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89	William Peter Blatty, Author of The Exorcist, Dies at 89	1
William Peter Blatty , the author whose best-selling book " The Exorcist " was a milestone in horror , has died at 89	William Peter Blatty, Author of The Exorcist, Dies at 89.	1
The man in charge of government oversight wants to prohibit criticism of Trumps ethics	The Man in Charge of Government Oversight Wants to Prohibit Criticism of Trumps Ethics The man in charge of Government oversight wants	1
Trump slams outgoing CIA Director Brennan after claim Trump doesn't ' fully understand ' Russia threat	Trump slams'outgoing CIA director Brennan after saying he doesn't'fully understand'Russia threat	1
The FBI director said that Russian hackers had penetrated the Republican National Committee's computer records	FBI Director: Russian Hackers Suck in Republican National Committee Computer Records, FBI Director Says	1
Former ' Apprentice ' contestant sues Trump for defamation for denying alleged groping	A former 'A Apprentice' contestant sues Donald Trump for defamation for denying he admitted groping	1
He heard that Marilyn Monroe would be in Manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . So he grabbed his camera .	And so he heard that Marilyn Monroe was going to film scenes for her new movie in Manhattan, so he grabbed his camera.	1
He heard that Marilyn Monroe would be in Manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . So he grabbed his camera .	So, on hearing that Marilyn Monroe would be filming scenes for her new movie in Manhattan, he grabbed his camera.	1
How Paul Smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all	Imagine if Paul Smith could defeat redistricting & amp ; help restore equal votes for all.	1
How Paul Smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all	Paul Smith Might Overcome the Redistricting Crisis and Restore Vote For All	1
How Paul Smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all	How Paul Smith Might Beat Redistricting & amp ; Help Restore Equal Votes for All	1
In Moscow , the deployment of United States Marines in Norway has been met with disdain	Russias deployment of U.S. marines in Norway has been met with scorn, in	1
Clock is reset . But still so many questions . Our annotation of @realDonaldTrump press conference	Clock reset. Still so many questions. Annotation of Trump Press Conference	1
Norway has become the first country to cease FM radio broadcasting	Norway is the first country to cease FM radio broadcasting. The nation would have been the first to cease the radio station.	1
Ali Akbar Hashemi-Rafsanjani , the former president of Iran , dies at 82	Former Iranian President Ali Akbar Hashemi-Rafsanjani, dies at 82	1
Ali Akbar Hashemi-Rafsanjani , the former president of Iran , dies at 82	He was 82. Say goodbye to Akbar Hashemi-Rafsanjani, the Iran's former president	1
DA says teen killed as part of mom's ' rape-murder fantasy ' with boyfriend	D.A. says teen killed as part of mom's'rape-murder fantasy'with boyfriend	1
The 10 most damning findings from the report on Russian election interference	10 most damning findings from Report on Russian Election Implications This is the most damning & amp ; the most damning. If you missed something, it was too bad. If we missed something, you'd screw it.	1
The 10 most damning findings from the report on Russian election interference	Top 10 Most Damning Findings From Report on Russian Election Intruders	1
Fiat Chrysler to put $1 billion into US jobs and revive Jeep Wagoneer	Chrysler to invest $1B in US jobs and revitalize Jeep Wagoneer" property	1
Fiat Chrysler to put $1 billion into US jobs and revive Jeep Wagoneer	Fiat Chrysler to invest $1 Billion in US jobs&nbsp;and revive Jeep Wagoneer	1
Fiat Chrysler to put $1 billion into US jobs and revive Jeep Wagoneer	Chrysler invests $1B in American jobs and revives Jeep Wagoneer	1
I don't expect " Hillary Clinton to run for office again	I don't expect #HillaryClinton to run for office again" property	1
Bernie Sanders on trade We can't get everything from China and Mexico	Bernie Sanders on Trade We can&squot;t get everything from China and Mexico	1
Bernie Sanders on trade We can't get everything from China and Mexico	Bernie Sanders on trade We can&nbsp;t get everything from China and Mexico	1
Bernie Sanders on trade We can't get everything from China and Mexico	Bernie Sanders on Trade We can&rsquo;t get everything from China&rsquo; and Mexico&rsquo;	1
Meet Daliyah Marie Arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .	4-year-old Daliyah Marie Arana is a 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration.	1
Meet Daliyah Marie Arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .	Daliyah Marie Arana, 4-Year-Old Honorary Librarian and Inspiration	1
Meet Daliyah Marie Arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .	4-year-old Daliyah Marie Arana is an honorary librarian and inspiration.	1
Meet Daliyah Marie Arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .	4-Year-Old Daliyah Marie Arana, 4-Year-Old Honorary Librarian and Inspiration.	1
Meet Daliyah Marie Arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .	4-Year-Old Daliyah Marie Arana Is a 4-Year-Old Honorary Library and Inspiration.	1
Meet Daliyah Marie Arana , 4-year-old honorary librarian and inspiration .	4-Year-Old Daliyah Marie Arana is an honorary librarian, and inspiration.	1
Betsy DeVoss education hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate	Betsy DeVoss Education Hearing Quickly Turned into a Heird and Partisan Debate	1
Betsy DeVoss education hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate	Betsy DeVoss Education Hearing Quickly Entailed a Heathen and Partisan Debate	1
Betsy DeVoss education hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate	Betsy DeVoss Education Hearing Quickly Got a Heathy and Partisan Debate	1
Betsy DeVoss education hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate	Betsy DeVoss Education Hearing Quickly Turn into a HATE and PARTICULAR DEBATE	1
Betsy DeVoss education hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate	Betsy DeVoss Education Hearing Easily Became a Heathen and Partisan Debate	1
Betsy DeVoss education hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate	Betsy DeVoss Education Hearing Quickly Becomes a Heath and Partisan Debate	1
Betsy DeVoss education hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate	Betsy DeVoss Education Hearing Quickly Sentiments a Partisan Debate	1
For the first time , a bee species in the continental United States has been declared endangered	Bees, for the first time, are threatened with extinction in the U.S.	1
For the first time , a bee species in the continental United States has been declared endangered	Bele species in Continental USA declared endangered for first time.	1
For the first time , a bee species in the continental United States has been declared endangered	Bee is the first bee species to be listed on the endangered species list in the United States.	1
Why the declassified intel report on Russian hacking is bad for Trump	Why the declassified intel report on Russian hacking is bad for @realDonaldTrump	1
Why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?	How Do Our Recorded Voices Sound Weird to Us?	1
President-elect Trump is out of step with both science and public opinion on climate change	Trump Is Out of Step With Science and Public Opposition on Climate Change	1
President-elect Trump is out of step with both science and public opinion on climate change	President-elect @realDonaldTrump is out of step with both science and public opinion on climate change	1
This is the full list of Democrats who are boycotting @realDonaldTrump's inauguration	Here's a list of Democrats who are boycotting President-Elect Donald Trump's inauguration	1
This is the full list of Democrats who are boycotting @realDonaldTrump's inauguration	This is a list of Democrats who are boycotting @realDonaldTrump inauguration & amp ; Trump'inauguration	1
This is the full list of Democrats who are boycotting @realDonaldTrump's inauguration	This is a list of Democrats that are boycotting Trump's inauguration	1
Donald Trump asked vaccine skeptic Robert F . Kennedy Jr. to head a commission on vaccines	Trump Asks Skeptic Robert F. Kennedy Jr. to Head Vaccine Commission	1
Donald Trump asked vaccine skeptic Robert F . Kennedy Jr. to head a commission on vaccines	Trump asks skeptic Robert F. Kennedy Jr. to head vaccine commission	1
Donald Trump asked vaccine skeptic Robert F . Kennedy Jr. to head a commission on vaccines	Trump asks vaccine skeptic Robert F. Kennedy Jr. to head vaccine commission	1
Donald Trump asked vaccine skeptic Robert F . Kennedy Jr. to head a commission on vaccines	Trump calls on skeptic Robert F. Kennedy Jr to head vaccine commission	1
Mark Zuckerberg , making a rare court appearance , testified that Oculus didn't steal technology to make VR headsets	Mark Zuckerberg, in a Rare Court Appearance, Testifies that Oculus Didn&rsquo;t Steal Technology to Make VR Headsets&rsquo;t Steal	1
Trump drops the inauguration announcer who's done the job since Eisenhower	Trump drops Inaugurator, who has done job since Eisenhower @CNNPolitics	1
Trump drops the inauguration announcer who's done the job since Eisenhower	Trump Drops Inauguration announcer, who's done job since Eisenhower	1
Trump cabinet pick Scott Pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career	Pruitt, pick of Trump Cabinet, Could Be in Charge of Industries That Have Helped Advance His Political Career	1
FBI chief James Comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the Clinton email case	F.B.I. Comey Is Under An Internal Investigation Into his Pre-election Actions on the Clinton Email Case	1
FBI chief James Comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the Clinton email case	FBI director James Comey faces internal investigation into his'pre-election actions'on Clinton email case" property	1
FBI chief James Comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the Clinton email case	FOIB COMMISSION Comey faces internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the Clinton email case	1
Massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in Lakeland , Florida .	Super awesome gator! Large Alligator is seen on video walking through nature reserve in Lakeland, FL	1
Massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in Lakeland , Florida .	Video A massive alligator is seen walking through a nature reserve in Lakeland, Florida	1
Massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in Lakeland , Florida .	This was an enormous Alligator, caught on video walking through nature Reserve in Lakeland, Florida	1
GM said it would invest $1 billion in its U.S. factories in response to Donald Trumps call to bolster manufacturing	Global manufacturing group GM has announced plans to invest $1 Billion in its US factories. The move comes in response to Trump&rsquo;s call to bolster manufacturing	1
GM said it would invest $1 billion in its U.S. factories in response to Donald Trumps call to bolster manufacturing	General Motors announces $1 billion in new manufacturing facilities in response to Trump&rsquo;s call to bolster manufacturing	1
GM said it would invest $1 billion in its U.S. factories in response to Donald Trumps call to bolster manufacturing	GM has announced plans to invest $1 billion in its U.S. factories, as Donald Trump challenges GMs claims of slackening up factory stock.	1
Obama ' 09 Cabinet picks slid through ; Trump's face hold-up	Obama'09 Cabinet Picks Slid Through ; Trump's Face Hold-up & amp ;	1
People who have lived in D.C. for decades are used to change . Even they say the Trump transition feels different .	People Who Have Lived in Washington for Decades Are Used to Change Even Trump Transition Feels Different	1
Mexico has been a good neighbor to the United States , writes Enrique Krauze	Mexico's Good Friend to United States, writes Enrique Krauze	1
Love it or hate it ? Here's what doctors think about Obamacare	What doctors think about #Obamacare, on both sides	1
Liberals , dont let Donald Trump tarnish L.L. Beans sterling brand reputation .	Liberals, Don&rsquo;t Let Donald Trump Tarnish L.L. Bean&rsquo;s Sterling Brand Reputation.	1
Liberals , dont let Donald Trump tarnish L.L. Beans sterling brand reputation .	Liberals, Don&rsquo;t Let Donald Trump Tarnish L.L. Bean&rsquo;s Sterling Brand Reputation	1
Liberals , dont let Donald Trump tarnish L.L. Beans sterling brand reputation .	Liberals, Don&rsquo;t Let Donald Trump Tarnish L.L. Bean&rsquo;s Sterling Brand Reputation. Hopefully.	1
Twitter is phasing out the " Buy " button , will continue to offer donations	Twitter is phasing out the Buy'' button, will continue to offer&nbsp;donations''	1
Twitter is phasing out the " Buy " button , will continue to offer donations	Twitter is phasing out the " Buy " button, will continue to offer&nbsp;donations	1
We're only a few weeks into 2017 , but here's who Donald Trump has already criticised on Twitter	I'm only a few weeks into 2017, but heres who Trump has already criticised on Twitter.	1
THE UNION LABEL Groups give big in fight vs . Trump education pick	Groups give big in fight vs. Trump education pick The UNION LABEL Groups give big	1
The wife of the Orlando nightclub gunman has been arrested by the FBI and charged with obstruction of justice	FBI Arrests Wife of Orlando Nightclub Shooter, Fbi Charges. Those charges are for obstruction of justice	1
Kellyanne Conway will speak at an anti-abortion march the week after Donald Trump's inaugural	Kellyanne Conway speaking at Anti-Abortion March, weeks after Trump Inauguration	1
18 million people would lose insurance in 2018 if Obamacare is partially repealed , a congressional study says	18 million would lose health in 2018 if #ACA is partially repealed, congressional study says	1
Dylann Roof , sentenced to death , showed no remorse for killing 9 at a black church in South Carolina	Dylann Roof, Condamned to Death, Shows No Remorse For Killing 9 at Black Church in South Carolina	1
Dylann Roof , sentenced to death , showed no remorse for killing 9 at a black church in South Carolina	Dylann Roof, Condamned to Death, Shows No Remorse for Killing 9 at Black Church in South Carolina.	1
What happens to the brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head ? Not what concussion experts long believed .	The brain of an athlete who takes a hit to the head? Not what concussion experts long believed.	1
What we know and what we don't know about the Trump intelligence report	What We Know and Dont Know About the Trump Insight Report	1
What we know and what we don't know about the Trump intelligence report	What We Know and Dont Know About the Trump Information Surveillance Report	1
What we know and what we don't know about the Trump intelligence report	What We Know and Dont Know About Trump Information Recommendation	1
What we know and what we don't know about the Trump intelligence report	What We Know and Dont Know About the Trump Intel Report	1
Evidently , you don't need a voice assistant to lead the way in AI	It appears that nobody needs a voice assistant to lead the AI world.	1
Evidently , you don't need a voice assistant to lead the way in AI	Evidently, you don&rsquo;t need a voice assistant to lead the way in AI	1
Details on Esteban Santiago , the suspect in the Fort Lauderdale airport attack	Esteban Santiago suspect in Fort Lauderdale airport attack	1
Mexican President Enrique Pea Nieto Of course " we won't pay for Trump's wall	Mexican President Enrique Pea Nieto, Of course, won't pay for Trump's wall'@CNNPolitics	1
Garth Brooks finally explains why he turned down #Trump inauguration gig	Brooks tells me why he turned down Trump's inauguration gig	1
Former agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of FBI action .	The ex-Agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by the lack of action of the FBI	1
Suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in Tuscaloosa , Ala now in custody ; no reports of injuries .	Police arrest Tuscaloosa credit union suspect accused of taking hostages, now in custody. No reports of injuries	1
To encourage creativity in kids , ask them " what if ?	Encourage kids to create by asking them if	1
Before you used to see a sea of yellow ; now you see a sea of black . NYC's cabs are losing out to ride-hailing apps	NYC cabs lose out to ride-hailing apps	1
We shouldnt flag fake news . We should encourage people to stop using Facebook	Flagging Fake News is bad for us! Don't worry you should stop using Facebook!	1
I know this has been said tonight , but to reiterate	This has been said tonight, but I will reaffirm this	1
I know this has been said tonight , but to reiterate	This has been said tonight, but to reiterate	1
As the first female U.S. ambassador to Japan , Caroline Kennedy's role transcended the embassy	Caroline Kennedy, the first female U.S. ambassador to Japan, surpassed the embassy.	1
As the first female U.S. ambassador to Japan , Caroline Kennedy's role transcended the embassy	Caroline Kennedy, the first female American ambassador to Japan, transcended the embassy.	1
As the first female U.S. ambassador to Japan , Caroline Kennedy's role transcended the embassy	Caroline Kennedy was the first woman U.S. ambassador to Japan. She transcended the embassy.	1
The Womens March on Washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .	The Women&rsquo;s March on Washington released an unapologetically progressive platform	1
The Womens March on Washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .	The Women&rsquo;s March on Washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform.	1
The Womens March on Washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .	The Women&rsquo;s March on Washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform	1
The Womens March on Washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .	The Women&rsquo;s March on Washington has published an unapologetically progressive platform.	1
Superbug resistant to 26 different antibiotics kills woman in the US	Resistant to 26 different antibiotics, a superbug kills woman in the US	1
Superbug resistant to 26 different antibiotics kills woman in the US	One bacteria that is resistant to 26 different antibiotics has killed a woman in the US.	1
The ex-MI6 agent who compiled a dossier on Donald Trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say	It doesn't stop there. Ex- MI6 agent who compiled dossier on Trump left his home to avoid possible retribution, neighbors say.	1
Iran set to receive huge shipment of natural uranium from Russia amid lawmakers ' concerns	Iran to receive huge shipment of natural uranium from Russia after lawmakers' concerns	1
Bill O'Reilly tried to derail the career of a woman who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by NYT	Bill O'Reilly tried to derail career of woman who refused advances, according to letter obtained by NYT	1
Trump said he was nearly ready to unveil a plan to replace the Affordable Care Act with " insurance for everybody	Trump Says He Is Nearly Ready to Unveil A Plan To Replace the Affordable Care Act with'Insurance for Everyone'@CNNPolitics	1
Trump said he was nearly ready to unveil a plan to replace the Affordable Care Act with " insurance for everybody	President-elect Donald Trump says he is almost ready to unveil a plan to replace the Affordable Care Act w/ Insurance for Everyone	1
For jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a Kellyanne Conway interview	For jaw-dropping wonder, there&rsquo;s nothing like a Kellyanne Conway interview	1
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again	regret to inform u that the trumps are at it again	1
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again	We regret to inform you that the trumps are at it again	1
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again	regret to inform u that the Trump's are at it again	1
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again	We regret to inform you that the Trumps are at it again	1
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again	We regret to inform you that the trumps are at it again.	1
The GOP of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the Civil War	2017 GOP The Most Extreme Party Coalition Since Civil War	1
Jennifer Holliday plans to sing at Trumps inauguration " for the people	Holliday to sing at Trump inauguration 'for the people " By Jennifer Holliday.	1
Whats Anxious and Angry ? The World on the Eve of Trump	What&rsquo;s Anxious and Angry? The World on the Eve of Trump	1
Whats Anxious and Angry ? The World on the Eve of Trump	What makes you anxious and angry? The World on the Eve of Trump	1
Whats Anxious and Angry ? The World on the Eve of Trump	What Makes You Anxious, and Angry? The World on the Eve of Trump	1
Whats Anxious and Angry ? The World on the Eve of Trump	What&rsquo;s Anxious and Anangry? The World on the Eve of Trump	1
A US Navy ship fired warning shots at one or more Iranian boats Sunday near the Strait of Hormuz , US official says	US Navy ship fires warning shots at IRN boats Sunday near Strait of Hormuz, US official says	1
Assange blasts ' embarrassing ' US intel report , insists Russia not his source	Assange blasts'embarrassing'US intel report, insists Russia not his source. What do you think?	1
Can Paul Smith defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all ?	How Paul Smith can defeat the process of redistricting and help re-established equal votes for all?	1
China is offering to remove IUDs after abandoning the " one-child " policy . Women are outraged .	China Is Offering to Remove IUDs After Abandoning One-Current Policy Women Are Outraged	1
Obama on Russian hack I anticipate that this kind of thing can happen again here .	Barack Obama on Russian hack ; I anticipate that this kind of thing can happen again here	1
Obama on Russian hack I anticipate that this kind of thing can happen again here .	Obama on Russian hack, Anticipation that this kind of thing can happen here.	1
Obama on Russian hack I anticipate that this kind of thing can happen again here .	Barack Obama on Russian hack: "I anticipate that this kind of thing can happen again here"" property	1
Dems to rehang painting depicting police as pigs , after GOP rep took it down	The Democrats are rehanging a painting depicting police as pigs, after a GOP Rep took it down.	1
Dems to rehang painting depicting police as pigs , after GOP rep took it down	Democrats to rehang painting depicting police as pigs, after GOP Rep took it down	1
Dems to rehang painting depicting police as pigs , after GOP rep took it down	Democrats to rehang painting depicting police as pigs, after GOP rep removed it.	1
James O'Keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at Trump inauguration .	James O'Keefe, James O'Keefe, Tried to Bribe Protesters to Rriot at Trump Inauguration.	1
James O'Keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at Trump inauguration .	James O'Keefe, James O'Keefe, tries to bribe protesters to riot at Trump inauguration	1
C-Span's online broadcast was interrupted by RT , a state-run Russian TV network	C-Span Online Broadcast Interrupted by RT, Russian State-run TV Network	1
C-Span's online broadcast was interrupted by RT , a state-run Russian TV network	C-Span Online Broadcast Interrupted By RT, Russian State-run TV Network	1
President Obama on the Bush family We want to send our prayers and our love to them	Obama on the Bush family " We want to send our prayers and our love to them	1
Dem reps want senator statue removed from Capitol over ' xenophobia ' claims	Dems would like the Senator statue to be removed from Capitol over claims of " xenophobia. "" property	1
Too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us	Too Many of Us Have Became Shackles to Devices That Were Supposed to Free Us	1
Too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us	Too Many of Us Have Been Shackled To Devices That Were to Free Us	1
Democrats , celebrities and Republicans defend Democratic Rep. Lewis after Trump's tweets	Democrats, Celebrities and Republicans defend D-B Lewis after Trump tweets	1
This just in House Joins Senate in Approving Groundwork to Revoke Health Care Law	This just happens in the House. Joins Senate in Approving Groundwork to Revoke Health Care Law.	1
This just in House Joins Senate in Approving Groundwork to Revoke Health Care Law	The House is joining the Senate in approving groundwork to revoke a health care law.	1
Obama awards Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor	Obama gives Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civil honor @CNNPolitics	1
2016 was officially the hottest year on record for the planet , the World Meteorological Organization says	2016 was the hottest year on record, according to the World Meteorological Organisation.	1
Istanbul police arrest man they suspect killed 39 at nightclub on New Years Eve , Turkish news agency says	The Istanbul police arrested the man they suspect killed 39 people on New Years Eve in a nightclub in Istanbul, Turkey, according to a Turkish news agency.	1
Finalists for the National Book Critics Circle Awards include Zadie Smith , Michael Chabon , Ann Patchett & amp ; Jane Mayer	The National Book Critics Circle Finalists include Zadie Smith, Michael Chabon, Ann Patchett and Jane Mayer.	1
Finalists for the National Book Critics Circle Awards include Zadie Smith , Michael Chabon , Ann Patchett & amp ; Jane Mayer	National Book Critics Circle finalist Zadie Smith, Michael Chabon, Ann Patchett and Jane Mayer also include.	1
Finalists for the National Book Critics Circle Awards include Zadie Smith , Michael Chabon , Ann Patchett & amp ; Jane Mayer	The national book critics circle awards include Zadie Smith, Michael Chabon, Ann Patchett & Jane Mayer.	1
Americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . U.S. troops arrive in Poland .	American troops arrive in Poland: This is the biggest thing that&squot;s ever happened to us.	1
Americans coming here is the biggest thing that's ever happened to us . U.S. troops arrive in Poland .	American troops arrive in Poland The biggest thing that's ever happened	1
What can Trump accomplish with a blizzard of misinformation ? Just ask Stalin	A simple question for Trump: Can he achieve this with his blizzard of misinformation? Just ask Stalin!	1
What can Trump accomplish with a blizzard of misinformation ? Just ask Stalin	What Will Trump Do With A Blitz of Misinformation? Just Ask Stalin	1
on Democrats skipping Trump's inauguration All I know is I'm gonna be there	for Democrats to skip inauguration!! On Democrats skipping Trump's inauguration All I know is I'm gonna be there	1
The terrible , disqualifying things Jeff Sessions did as attorney general of Alabama	Jeff Sessions' terrible, disqualifying things to do as AL attorney general.	1
I Don't Want Celebs at Inauguration , I Want the People	I Don&rsquo;t Want Celebs at Inauguration, I Want the People	1
I Don't Want Celebs at Inauguration , I Want the People	I don&rsquo;t want celebs at the inaugural, I want the people''	1
I Don't Want Celebs at Inauguration , I Want the People	Just Want the People! I Don't Want Celebs at Inauguration, I Want the People!	1
US Navy ship fired warning shots at Iranian boat or boats on Sunday near the Strait of Hormuz , US official says .	Navy ship fires warning shots at Iranian boats Sunday near Strait of Hormuz, US official says	1
The way it is nowadays , unless I see positive proof , it's all a lie said a Trump supporter in Iowa	Trump backer in Iowa says the current state is just a lie unless he sees positive proof	1
Obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . Here's how he evolved .	Obama, Once Reluctant to Talk About Race, Finds His Voice After Deaths Jolted the Nation. Here&rsquo;s How He Enticed	1
Obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . Here's how he evolved .	Obama found his voice in race after deaths jolted the nation. Here's how he developed	1
Dog stays with owner for 20 hours after man breaks his neck in Michigan	Dog stays with owner 20 hours after man breaks his neck in Michigan. We are all human beings.	1
Donald Trump is Hillary Clinton's president . What if she were his mayor ?	Trump Is Clinton's President. What Would She Be His Mayor?	1
Donald Trump is Hillary Clinton's president . What if she were his mayor ?	Donald Trump Is Hillary Clintons President. What Would He Do if She Were His Mayor?	1
Donald Trump is Hillary Clinton's president . What if she were his mayor ?	Trump is the president of #HillaryClinton What would be her mayor?	1
Donald Trump is Hillary Clinton's president . What if she were his mayor ?	Donald Trump Is Clintons President What Would She Be His Mayor?	1
Donald Trump is Hillary Clinton's president . What if she were his mayor ?	What would the Clintons be like if she were his Mayor? Trump Is Hillary Clinton's President. What Would She Be His Mayor?	1
Interior Nominee Promotes Navy SEAL Career , While Playing Down Bad Judgment	IMAGEED NAVY SEAL NOMINEE Promotes Navy SEAL Career, While Playing Down Bad Judgment	1
Toby Keith on Trump I Won't ' Apologize ' For Performing for Our Country or Military	Toby Keith on Trump, I Won&rsquo;t &ldquo;Apologize&rdquo; For Performing for Our Country or Military	1
Toby Keith on Trump I Won't ' Apologize ' For Performing for Our Country or Military	Toby Keith on Trump I Won&rsquo;t &ldquo;Apologize&rdquo; For Performing for Our Country or Military	1
Technology cant replace the human touch Sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso	Technology can&rsquo;t replace the human touch. But sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso.	1
Technology cant replace the human touch Sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso	Technology can&rsquo;t replace the human touch We just prefer to deal with a perso	1
Trump says Atlanta is " falling apart " ? Not so much	Trump Says Atlanta Is'Falling Apart '&ldquo;? Not So Much	1
Trump says Atlanta is " falling apart " ? Not so much	Trump says Atlanta is 'falling apart' The city isnt really " falling apart " according to the president	1
Trump's cabinet so far is more white and male than any first cabinet since Reagan's	Trump's first Cabinet since Reagan is a lot more white and male than any first cabinet since Reagan's	1
Trump's cabinet so far is more white and male than any first cabinet since Reagan's	White and male : Trumps Cabinet So Far Is More White and Male Than Any First Cabinet Since Reagans	1
How to take great vacation photos , no fancy camera required	How to take great #Vacation photos, no fancy camera needed!	1
May you one day feel the fear you make us feel .	One day, I pray you feel the fear you make us feel.	1
May you one day feel the fear you make us feel .	May you feel the fear you inspire.	1
May you one day feel the fear you make us feel .	May you feel the fear you send us one day.	1
Coretta Scott King's 1986 letter pleading for congress not to appoint racist	A letter written by Coretta Scott King in 1986 urges Congress to abolish racist people.	1
Think you can beat @onlydawnthea at the Slate News Quiz ?	Think You&rsquo;re Smarter Than Slate&rsquo;s Onlydawnthea at the Slate News Quiz?	1
Rubio challenged Trump's nominee . But will he defy Trump ?	Rubio challenges Trump's nominee. Will he defy #Trump?	1
Donald Trump's language is " the language of pre-emptive strikes and confrontation , " @poniewozik writes	Trumps language is'the language of pre-emptive strikes and confrontation,'@Poniewozik writes	1
Donald Trump on the upcoming Cabinet confirmation hearings I think they'll all pass	Trump on upcoming Cabinet confirmation hearings. He thinks they all pass.	1
Exxon has been ordered to turn over 40 years of climate change research	Exxon ordered to turn over 40 years of climate change research!	1
Almost six in 10 Americans do not have adequate savings to pay a $500 or $ 1,000 unplanned expense , new report shows	Almost six in 10 Americans don&rsquo;t have enough savings to cover an unexpected $500 or 1,000 expense, new study shows.	1
North Korea sends message to Trump amid threat to fire missile ' at any time	North Korea warns Donald Trump that he can fire a missile anytime	1
Trump attorney Sheri Dillon Trump will " sever " presidency from his business organization	Trump attorney Sheri Dillon Trump will'segregate'presidency from business/organization	1
A sunken , 600-year-old Buddha has emerged from the water in China	600-year-old Buddha emerges from water in China.	1
A sunken , 600-year-old Buddha has emerged from the water in China	600-year-old Buddha emerges from water in China	1
Abortion rate hits historic low in the US , report finds	Abortion rates hit historic low in US, report finds. #Abortion rate hits historic low.	1
Uber debuts Movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data	Uber launches Movement, a new website offering access to its traffic&nbsp;data	1
Uber debuts Movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data	Uber debuts Movement, a new website offering access to its traffic&nbsp;data	1
Uber debuts Movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data	Uber just announced the launch of movement, a new website that provides access to its traffic information.	1
I cannot focus . I cannot sleep . I attempted to take my own life .	I can't focus. I cannot sleep. I tried to take my own life." property	1
Sen. Bob Corker There seemed to be a desire by Russia to " undermine " Clinton	Bob Corker Sen. Bob Corker Sen. Bob Corker There seemed to be a desire by Russia to " undermine " Clinton.	1
Sen. Bob Corker There seemed to be a desire by Russia to " undermine " Clinton	Corker: There seemed to be a desire by Russia to'undermine'Clinton	1
Sen. Bob Corker There seemed to be a desire by Russia to " undermine " Clinton	Senator Corker seemed to have a desire by Russia to'undermine'Clinton.	1
Sen. Bob Corker There seemed to be a desire by Russia to " undermine " Clinton	It seems to be a Russian desire to undermine " Clinton ",'' said Sen. Bob Corker.	1
No , I'm not going to give you a question Trump tells reporter . You are fake news .	Trump: 'I'm not going to give you a question'' Trump tells reporter: 'You are fake news." property	1
No , I'm not going to give you a question Trump tells reporter . You are fake news .	Do not give me a question. Trump tells reporter you are fake news.	1
Lol wait , Trump is really running Facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance ?	Lol wait, @realDonaldTrump is really running FB ads to boost inauguration attendance?	1
As Trump clinched his nomination , his son-in-law started talks on a joint venture with a secretive Chinese company	As Trump Choses His Nomination, His Son-In-Law Begles Talks On a Joint Venture With a Secretive Chinese Company	1
As Trump clinched his nomination , his son-in-law started talks on a joint venture with a secretive Chinese company	As Trump Wins Nomination, His Son-In-Law Begles Talks on Joint Venture With a Secretive Chinese Company	1
As Trump clinched his nomination , his son-in-law started talks on a joint venture with a secretive Chinese company	As Donald Trump Secures His Nomination, His Son-In-Law Begles Talks on a Joint Venture With a Secretive Chinese Company.	1
Deep down , every cancer patient wants to believe he is going to make it	How each cancer patient wants to believe he will make it.	1
Trump national security adviser called Russian envoy day before sanctions were imposed	Trump's National Security Adviser Calls Russian Envoy Day Before Sanctions Are Impiled	1
The BBC's Paul Wood on the complicated evidence tying Trump to Russia	BBC News Paul Wood on Trump's complicated evidence ties, Russia	1
Trump Health Secretary Picks Longtime Foes Big Government and Insurance Companies	Trump Health Secretary picks longtime foes Big Government and&nbsp;Insurance	1
Trump Health Secretary Picks Longtime Foes Big Government and Insurance Companies	Trump's Health Secretary picks longtime foes Big Government & amp ; Insurance Companies	1
Trump Health Secretary Picks Longtime Foes Big Government and Insurance Companies	Health Secretary nominee in White House picks longtime foes Big Government & amp ; insurance companies @CNNPolitics	1
Morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns	Morocco to ban sale of burqas over security concerns	1
Morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns	Maroc to ban sale of burqas over security concerns	1
Morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns	Morocco to ban sale of burqas over security fears	1
Morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns	Morocco to ban sale of burqas amid security concerns	1
Morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns	Morocco to ban sale of #Burqas in light of security fears	1
Morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns	Maroc to ban sale of burqas over security concerns.	1
Top Senate Democrat says Trump Health and Human Services pick may have broken law with stock purchase	Dem senator says Trump's pick of HHS may have broken law with stock purchase	1
New cubs of the caliphate ISIS video shows kids killing prisoners in amusement park	A new cub of the caliphate ISIS video shows kids killing prisoners in amusement park	1
Mike Pence on Obamacare replacement We dont want anyone to be anxious	We dont want anyone to be anxious -- MSVP. Mike Pence on Obamacare replacement	1
A moth with a " golden flake hairstyle " has been named after Donald Trump	Moth with'Golden Flake Hairstyle'Named After Trump	1
A moth with a " golden flake hairstyle " has been named after Donald Trump	Moth with'Golden Flake Hairstyle'named after Trump	1
A moth with a " golden flake hairstyle " has been named after Donald Trump	Moth with golden flake hairstyle named after Donald Trump's	1
A moth with a " golden flake hairstyle " has been named after Donald Trump	Moth, with'golden flake hairstyle'named after @realDonaldTrump	1
US Marine F-35 jets are headed to Japan to be " the cornerstone " of US defense in the Pacific	American Marine F-35s " will serve as cornerstone of US defense in Japan	1
Driver who shot at Arizona officer was in US illegally , investigators say	Driver who shot Arizona officer was illegally in US, investigators say	1
Texas health official We envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .	Texas utmost health official We envisioned fetuses being buried in mass grave for $2 each.	1
Texas health official We envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .	Texas health official: 'We envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each'" property	1
Vegan denied Swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights	Vegan denied Swiss citizenship for her laut'views on animal rights	1
Trump's hopes of working more cooperatively with Russia " will be dashed pretty quickly	Trump's hopes of working more cooperatively with Russia " will be pretty soon 'dissipated	1
Trump's hopes of working more cooperatively with Russia " will be dashed pretty quickly	Trump's hopes of working more cooperatively with Russia'will be pretty quickly thrown out'@CNNPolitics	1
Trump's hopes of working more cooperatively with Russia " will be dashed pretty quickly	Trump's long-term ambitions to engage Russia will be " dashed " pretty quickly	1
Up for sale , a pale-looking Jimmy Carter , and Bill Clinton looking oddly cherubic	A paler Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton looking a lot like cherubic are on the market.	1
Up for sale , a pale-looking Jimmy Carter , and Bill Clinton looking oddly cherubic	UP FOR SALE : Pale-looking Jimmy Carter, Bill Clinton'looks oddly cherubic'" property	1
Up for sale , a pale-looking Jimmy Carter , and Bill Clinton looking oddly cherubic	A pale-looking Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton look oddly cherubic, available in stores	1
The speed of Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act has stunned health industry lobbyists	How quickly GOP efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act stun health industry lobbyists	1
The speed of Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act has stunned health industry lobbyists	The speed of Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act has stunmed health industry lobbyists	1
Yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it	Goat Yoga Is A Thing and Hundreds of People Are Taking It.	1
Yes , goat yoga is a thing and hundreds of people are lining up for it	goat yoga'is a thing. And hundreds are lining up for it.	1
The Obama administration has expanded the power of the NSA to share globally intercepted personal communications	The Obama administration has expanded the NSA&rsquo;s power to share globally intercepted personal communications	1
The Womens March on Washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform	The Women&rsquo;s March on Washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform	1
The Womens March on Washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform	Women&rsquo;s March on Washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform	1
Massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern Florida	Watch this awesome creature! Massive alligator is photographed on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern FL	1
Massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern Florida	Watching a massive alligator walking through a nature reserve in southwestern Florida	1
President Obama delivers farewell address with 10 days left of his presidency	President Obama farewell address with 10 days left	1
Kubo , the robot that teaches kids to code , is now available for preorder	Kubo, the robotic - learns kids to code, is now available to preorder	1
Were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king	Let's face the carnival culture. Were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture & amp ; weve crowned a fool king	1
Stop obsessing over secrets about Trump and Russia . What we already know is bad enough .	Stop obsessing over secrets about Trump & amp ; Russia. What we already know is bad enough.	1
Stop obsessing over secrets about Trump and Russia . What we already know is bad enough .	Stop obsessing over secrets about Trump & amp ; Russia. What We Already Know Is Bad enough	1
I have very , very strong concerns " on @SenatorSessions nomination	I have very, very strong concerns & amp ; concerns on #SenatorSessions nomination.	1
Should we pretend the election didn't happen ? grills DNC chair candidate	Should we pretend the election didn&rsquo;t happen? DNC chair candidate grills DNC	1
a moment in history . My memories of January 9th 2007	a moment in history. My 9th January 2007 Memories	1
a moment in history . My memories of January 9th 2007	just a moment in history. My January 9th 2007 Memories	1
Antiaircraft weapons in Tehran suddenly began blasting away at " an unidentified flying object " in the clear sky	Anti-aircraft Weapons in Tehran Suddenly Bomb an Unidentified Flying Object In the Clear Sky	1
Sen. Jeff Sessions It does appear to be clear " that the law prohibits waterboarding	Jeff Sessions: 'It does appear clear that the law prohibits waterboarding.	1
I want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us	I want an economy that belongs to all, works for all & amp ; belongs to all	1
Donald Trump's pick for labor secretary has a long history of fighting labor laws	Trump pick for labor secretary has long history of fighting labor laws	1
Donald Trump " lives for vengeance , " Bill Maher said . Then it dawned on him No ones been meaner to him than me .	Bill Maher Says Donald Trump Lives for Vengeance. Then It dawns on him No One Became Meaner to Him Than Me.	1
Donald Trump " lives for vengeance , " Bill Maher said . Then it dawned on him No ones been meaner to him than me .	Bill Maher: Trump Lives for Vengeance. Then It dawned on him No One Became Meaner to Him Than I.	1
Donald Trump " lives for vengeance , " Bill Maher said . Then it dawned on him No ones been meaner to him than me .	Bill Maher Says Donald Trump Lives for Vengeance. Then It dawns on him, No One Has Been Meaner to Him Than Me.	1
If I turned down every candidate who objectified women , I'd vote for no one	Would vote for no one if I turned down every candidate who objectified women?	1
If I turned down every candidate who objectified women , I'd vote for no one	If I turned down each candidate who objected to women, I would vote for no one." property	1
has special resonance in an era when people seem attached to their smartphones	Have special resonance in an era when people seem attached to their #Smartphones, in.	1
Is Donald Trump a legitimate president ? Absolutely " Senator Joe Manchin says	Is @realDonaldTrump a Legitimate President? Absolutely,'Senator Joe Manchin says	1
Microsoft launches StaffHub , a new Office 365 app aimed at shift workers	Microsoft releases StaffHub, a new Office 365 app aimed at shift&nbsp;workers	1
Microsoft launches StaffHub , a new Office 365 app aimed at shift workers	Microsoftâ€™s StaffHub, a new Office 365 app aimed at shift&nbsp;workers	1
Microsoft launches StaffHub , a new Office 365 app aimed at shift workers	Microsoft Launches StaffHub, a New Office 365 App aimed at shift&nbsp;workers	1
Microsoft launches StaffHub , a new Office 365 app aimed at shift workers	Microsoft just launched StaffHub, a new Office 365 app aimed at shift&nbsp;workers	1
This is your country and not just a handful of billionaires	Here's what this is your nation and not a handful of billionaires	1
This is your country and not just a handful of billionaires	This is your country & amp ; not just a handful of billionaires	1
Apple is increasing the price of apps in the UK by 25% because of Brexit	Apple is increasing the price of apps in the UK by 25% because of&nbsp;Brexit	1
These next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency	These next four years will require a broad coalition of straight-up decency & amp ; decency.	1
These next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency	These next four years will require a broad coalition of straight-up decency. This is true.	1
Officials in Turkey detained a NYT reporter as he arrived in Istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to London	Times reporter was detained in Turkey as he arrived in Istanbul, then forced him on a flight back to London	1
Officials in Turkey detained a NYT reporter as he arrived in Istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to London	A New York Times reporter was detained by Turkish officials as he arrived in Istanbul, then forced him on a flight back to London.	1
You might see some Obamacare drama during the Senate " vote-a-rama	Sounds like Obamacare drama will pop up during Senate vote-a-rama	1
At least four people were killed when a truck rammed into a group of people in Jerusalem	At least 4 people killed after truck rams into group of people in Jerusalem	1
America may be heading into an STD epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit	America may be heading into an STD epidemic&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;and Gay/Bi Men Will Be the Hardest Hit	1
America may be heading into an STD epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit	America may be headed into an STD epidemic. Gay America, and the Bi Men, Will Be the Hardest Hit.	1
America may be heading into an STD epidemicand gay/bi men will be the hardest hit	America may be heading into an STD epidemic&mdash;and gay/bi men will be hardest hit&mdash; & amp ;.	1
Navy , Trump planning biggest fleet expansion to deter Russian , Chinese threats	Navy, Trump Planning Biggest Fleet Expansion to Deter Russian & amp ; Chinese Threats	1
Inspector general to review DOJ , FBI handling of Clinton case	Inspector General to review Clinton, DOJ handling. The FBI is looking into the FBI'handling of the case	1
Senator Tom Cotton on Chelsea Manning's commutation It's " dangerous for our country	Tom Cotton on Chelsea Manning commutation'dangerous for our country	1
Abortions in the United States have been dropping . Now it's at a historic low .	Abortions in the United States have been at historic low.	1
says he's fine with changing ' ObamaCare ' to ' TrumpCare	ObamaCare'to TrumpCare, he says - It's OK.	1
Trumps choice for White House budget director failed to pay more than $ 15,000 in taxes for a domestic worker	Trump&rsquo;s Choice for White House Budget Director Missed to Pay More Than $ 15,000 in Taxes for a Domestic Worker	1
Mike Pence didn't get the warmest of welcomes at " Hamilton . Hillary Clinton got an ovation at " The Color Purple .	Clinton Receives Ovation at The Color Purple. Mike Pence Didnt Get the Warmest Welcomes at Hamilton.	1
China sent its sole aircraft carrier into the Taiwan Strait on Wednesday morning , Taiwans Defense Ministry said	China's only aircraft carrier sent into Taiwan Strait Wednesday morning, Taiwan's Defense Ministry said	1
circus plans to shut down ' Greatest Show on Earth ' after 146 years	The circus announces it will close the'Greatest Show on Earth'after 146 years.	1
circus plans to shut down ' Greatest Show on Earth ' after 146 years	The circus is preparing for the closure of'Greatest Show on Earth '. 146 years ago	1
Yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere	Yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up and/or wash your car anywhere	1
Yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere	Yoshi has announced that it has raised $2.1M to fill up. or wash your car, anywhere	1
Some self-described feminists feel unwelcome at the Women's March on Washington . They oppose abortion .	Self-described feminists are unwelcome to the Women's March on Washington. They oppose #abortion.	1
The gap between the world's rich and poor is " far greater than feared	A gap is emerging between the rich and the poor, a gap that is far bigger than you probably thought.	1
The gap between the world's rich and poor is " far greater than feared	Gap between rich and poor world is'far greater than feared	1
Washington remains , for all its infestations , a city hospitable to greatness . Give it your best shot , Mr. Trump .	for all its infections, Washington remains a city hospitable to greatness Give it your best shot, Mr. Trump.	1
How much do you know about the Obama years ? Test yourself with a new " You Draw It .	Test Your Knowledge about Obama Years With This New&nbsp;YouDraw It.	1
How much do you know about the Obama years ? Test yourself with a new " You Draw It .	Test Your Knowledge on Obama Years, New You Draw It	1
Donald Trump's plan to cut drug imports could raise prices , not lower them	Trumps Drug Import Plan Could Increase Prices, Not Lower Them	1
They have sanctions on Russia let's see if we can make some good deals with Russia Donald Trump said	Trump, Russia has sanctions They have to look at if we can make some good deals with Russia	1
Joe Biden lays into Putin's Kremlin Their purpose is clear to collapse the liberal international order	Joe Biden Lays In Putins Kremlin His goal is clear, to collapse the liberal international order	1
Meryl Streep used her Golden Globes acceptance speech to criticize Donald Trump for mocking a disabled reporter	Meryl Streep in Golden Globes acceptance speech criticizing Trump for mocking disabled reporter	1
Another Goldman Sachs executive is said to be headed to Trump's White House , according to multiple people	Another Goldman Sachs Executive Is'Heading to Trump White House, Sources Sources	1
The Public Editor The Future of the Times A View From the Top	The Public Editor The Future of the Times From the Top	1
Facebook plans to invest more than $3 billion in VR over the next decade	Facebook to invest more than $3 billion in&nbsp;VR over the next decade	1
Facebook plans to invest more than $3 billion in VR over the next decade	Facebook plans to invest more than $3 billion in VR over the next&nbsp;decade	1
Own a home ? Then boy are you gonna hate the Republican tax plan	Own a Home? Then Youre Gonna Hate the Republican Tax Plan	1
Own a home ? Then boy are you gonna hate the Republican tax plan	Own a Home? Then You&rsquo;re Gonna Hate the Republican Tax Plan.	1
Own a home ? Then boy are you gonna hate the Republican tax plan	Own a Home? Then You&rsquo;re Gonna Hate the GOP Tax Plan	1
Own a home ? Then boy are you gonna hate the Republican tax plan	Own a Home? Then You&rsquo;re Going to Hate the Republican Tax Plan.	1
Own a home ? Then boy are you gonna hate the Republican tax plan	Own a Home? Then You&rsquo;re Gonna Hate the Republican Tax Plan	1
Own a home ? Then boy are you gonna hate the Republican tax plan	Own a Home? Then You&rsquo;re Gonna Hate the Republican Tax Plan!	1
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by Chicago police	A report finds excessive force by Chicago police, a pattern or practice	1
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by Chicago police	Report Finds'Pattern or Practice'of Overtuition by Chicago Police	1
Scott Pruitt has built his career attacking the EPA , the very agency he would run	@ScottPritt Has Built His Career Attacking the EPA, the Very Agency He Would Run	1
Scott Pruitt has built his career attacking the EPA , the very agency he would run	Scott Pruitt Had a Fab career attacking EPA, the exact agency he would run	1
Jennifer Holliday backs out of inauguration , apologizes to LGBT people	Jennifer Holliday, Retweeted from Inauguration, Apologises to LGBT People.	1
Theresa May backed a clean break from the EU , its single market and its court system	Theresa May Backs Clean Break from EU, Single Market and Court System	1
Theresa May backed a clean break from the EU , its single market and its court system	Theresa May Backs Clean Break from the EU with single market and court system	1
Theresa May backed a clean break from the EU , its single market and its court system	Theresa May backs clean break from the EU, its single market and its courts.	1
Theresa May backed a clean break from the EU , its single market and its court system	Theresa May Backs Clean Break From EU, Single Market & amp ; Court System	1
Theresa May backed a clean break from the EU , its single market and its court system	Theresa May Backs Clean Break From EU, Single Market, and Court System	1
Fraugster , a startup that uses AI to detect payment fraud , raises $5M	Fraugster, a #startup that uses #AI to detect&nbsp;payment fraud, raises $5M	1
Fraugster , a startup that uses AI to detect payment fraud , raises $5M	Fraugster, a #startup that uses #AI to detect payment fraud, raises $5M.	1
Fraugster , a startup that uses AI to detect payment fraud , raises $5M	Fraugster, a Startup That Uses AI to Detect Payment Fraud, Rakes $5M	1
Celebrate the iPhone's 10th birthday by watching the gleeful original announcement	Celebrate #iPhone's 10th anniversary with this hilarious original announcement!	1
Celebrate the iPhone's 10th birthday by watching the gleeful original announcement	Celebrate #iPhone's 10th birthday by watching the gleeful original announcement	1
President Obama largely commuted the remaining prison sentence of Chelsea Manning	Chelsea Manning's sentence commuted largely by Obama	1
President Obama largely commuted the remaining prison sentence of Chelsea Manning	Chelsea Manning's sentence was commuted largely in Obama administration.	1
Microsoft acquires Maluuba , a startup focused on general artificial intelligence	Microsoft acquires Maluuba, a startup focusing on general artificial&nbsp;intelligence	1
Microsoft acquires Maluuba , a startup focused on general artificial intelligence	Microsoft acquires Maluuba, a startup focused on general Artificial&nbsp;intelligence	1
Microsoft acquires Maluuba , a startup focused on general artificial intelligence	Microsoft acquiring Maluuba, a startup focused on general artificial&nbsp;intelligence	1
Microsoft acquires Maluuba , a startup focused on general artificial intelligence	Microsoft acquires Maluuba, a startup focused on general artificial&nbsp;intelligence	1
Microsoft acquires Maluuba , a startup focused on general artificial intelligence	Microsoft acquires Maluuba, a startup focused on general artificial and	1
Microsoft acquires Maluuba , a startup focused on general artificial intelligence	MS acquires Maluuba, a company focused on general artificial&nbsp;intelligence	1
Rand Paul discusses his plan to replace Obamacare and says his bill is " virtually completed	Paul talks about his plan to replace Obamacare. He's'virtually finished '.	1
Rand Paul discusses his plan to replace Obamacare and says his bill is " virtually completed	Paul Describes His Plan to Replace Obamacare, Says The Bill Is Almost Complete	1
Fiat Chrysler to put $1 billion into U.S. jobs and revive Jeep Wagoneer	Fiat Chrysler to invest $1 billion into US jobs & amp ; revive Jeep Wagoneer	1
President Obama was " bracingly smart , scholarly , and erudite , " writes @CharlesMBlow	Obama was'bracingly smart, scholarly and erudite " writes CharlesMBlow	1
In the months since Trump's election , California has turned into a laboratory of resistance	A California lab is turning into a lab of resistance in the months since the election of Donald Trump.	1
Facebook Pages can now " go live " from the desktop , add live contributors and more	Facebook Pages Can now " go live " from the desktop, add live contributors & amp ; more	1
Facebook Pages can now " go live " from the desktop , add live contributors and more	Facebook Pages can now'go live'from the desktop, add Live Contributors & amp ; more	1
We have begun to enable an effort that helps protect the privacy of our readers	New ways to protect the privacy of our readers!	1
Trump's contradictory statements about NATO causes concern in Warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised	Donald Trumps Conflict of Words About NATO Causes Warsaw Concern Over If Truppen Will Arrive As Promised	1
We've got more work to do on race Obama says at final press conference	We&rsquo;ve got more work to do on race&rsquo; Obama says at final press conference	1
Mattis vows to strengthen military if confirmed for top Pentagon job	Mattis says he would strengthen his military if he is elected top Pentagon boss	1
Mattis vows to strengthen military if confirmed for top Pentagon job	Mattis vows to strengthen the military if he is appointed Pentagon commander	1
Obama defends legacy , warns of a divided nation , in farewell address	President-elect Barack Obama speaks of divided nation In farewell address Obama defends legacy, warns of nation's " divide	1
Gun-rights groups have high hopes for national ' reciprocity ' bill	Gun-rights groups have high hopes for a national  reciprocity '' bill.	1
Many say " Downton Abbey " is fueling the demand for butler training programs in China	Chinese say " Downton Abbey " fuels demand for butler training	1
Donald Trump refuses to take a question from CNN's senior White House correspondent @Acosta	RELEASE: Donald Trump Refuses to Take Question From CNN's Senior White House Correspondent Acosta	1
Jane Goodall has studied chimps for six decades . Now she's turning her attention to humans	Jane Goodall, the author of " The Biosphere of Encounters with chimps " for over 60 years, says her attention is now turned to humans.	1
Lady Liberty is among the most potent of American symbols and for the first time , she will be depicted as black	Lady Liberty Is a Powerful American Statue and for the First Time, It Will Be a Black Statue	1
Lady Liberty is among the most potent of American symbols and for the first time , she will be depicted as black	Lady Liberty, One of America's most powerful symbols, will be the first female symbol to be depicted in black	1
An online C-Span broadcast was interrupted for about 10 minutes by RT , a Russian network	C-Span Online Broadcast Interrupted for Around 10 Minutes by Russian Network RT	1
An online C-Span broadcast was interrupted for about 10 minutes by RT , a Russian network	C-Span Online Broadcast Interrupted by Russian Network RT for About 10 Min.	1
In the Trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to Goldman alumni .	Economic Policy Making for Goldman Alumni are handed over in the Trump Administration	1
Museum trustee , a Trump donor , supports groups that deny climate change	A museum trustee supported a Trump donor who denies climate change	1
Museum trustee , a Trump donor , supports groups that deny climate change	Museum trustee, Trump donor supports groups that deny climate change @CNNPolitics	1
Hill Republicans try to ease purchase of gun ' silencers , ' as NRA-backed Trump arrives	Hill Republicans Try to Facilitate Purchase of Gun SilentS'Head's 'Silencers''s As NRA-backed Trump Arrivals	1
Hill Republicans try to ease purchase of gun ' silencers , ' as NRA-backed Trump arrives	Hill Republicans try to ease purchase of gun & amp ; silencers as NRA-backed Trump arrives	1
Republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man	GOP Men Say Its a Better Time to Be a Woman Than a Man	1
Airbus plans to test self-driven airborne taxi by the end of 2017	Airbus will pilot a self-driving self-driving aircraft by the end of 2017.	1
The Chinese state news media lashed out at Rex Tillerson , warning that his remarks could provoke a conflict	China State Media Slams Tillerson, Warning That His Comments Could Provoke a Conflict	1
The Chinese state news media lashed out at Rex Tillerson , warning that his remarks could provoke a conflict	The Chinese State media were lashed out at @rextillerson, saying his comments could provoke a conflict	1
Will Democrats and Rubio quash Tillersons nomination to lead the State Department ?	How Democrats and Rubio quash Tillerson&rsquo;s nomination to the State Department?	1
Will Democrats and Rubio quash Tillersons nomination to lead the State Department ?	Will Democrats and Rubio quash Tillersons nomination to State Dept?	1
Will Democrats and Rubio quash Tillersons nomination to lead the State Department ?	Will Democrats and Rubio quash Tillersons nomination as secretary of State?	1
Drone delivery startup Flirtey raises $16 million to become a .	Drone delivery startup Flirtey raises $16M to become a drone delivery	1
Drone delivery startup Flirtey raises $16 million to become a .	Drone delivery startup Flirtey raises $16 million to become a reality.	1
Uber debuts Movement , a new website offering access to its trafficdata	Uber is launching Movement, a new website offering access to its traffic&nbsp;data	1
Uber debuts Movement , a new website offering access to its trafficdata	Uber debuts Movement, a new website offering access to its traffic&nbsp;data	1
Uber debuts Movement , a new website offering access to its trafficdata	Uberâ€™s new website, Movement, offers access to its traffic&nbsp;data	1
Uber debuts Movement , a new website offering access to its trafficdata	Uber's new website, Movement, offers access to #trafficdata	1
If leaked list is accurate , Hillary's Cabinet choices would've enraged Democratic left	If Leaked List Is Accurate, Hillary&rsquo;s Cabinet Choices Would Have Enraged the Democratic Left.	1
Obama is ending a policy that allows Cubans who reach U.S. soil to stay legally , a move long sought by Cuba	Obama Ends Cubans License. Cubans Say Good bye to U.S.-Boys. In a Move Long Seeked by Cuba	1
Ringling Brothers holds press conference , says last circus will be in May	Ringling Brothers press conference, says circus will end in May	1
Trump attorney announces President-elect will donate hotel profits from foreign governments to the US Treasury .	Trump attorney reportedly makes'clear'that President-elect Trump will donate hotel profits from foreign governments to the US Treasury.	1
Trump attorney announces President-elect will donate hotel profits from foreign governments to the US Treasury .	Trump attorney to donate hotel profits from foreign governments to U.S. Treasury, news for @realDonaldTrump attorney says	1
Women's clothing retailer The Limited shuts down all its stores .	Women's clothes store The Limited closes all its stores	1
Women's clothing retailer The Limited shuts down all its stores .	The Limited, the women's clothing retailer, closes its stores.	1
Women's clothing retailer The Limited shuts down all its stores .	The Limited, a women's clothing retailer, has shut down all of its stores.	1
White nationalists are already having a falling out with Trump and each other	White Nationalists Already Have a Fall Out With Trump & amp ; Each Other	1
Obama sees Trump as " freely elected " and defends Lewis	Barack Obama sees Trump as'freely elected'& amp ; defends Lewis	1
Obama and Trump offer a jarring split-screen image of two presidents who couldnt be any more divergent	Obama and Trump Face Tense Split Screen Image with 2 Presidents Who Couldn&rsquo;t Be Any More Divergent	1
Obama and Trump offer a jarring split-screen image of two presidents who couldnt be any more divergent	Obama and Trump show a jarring split-screen picture of two presidents who couldn&rsquo;t be any more divergent	1
Obama and Trump offer a jarring split-screen image of two presidents who couldnt be any more divergent	Trump and Obama Offer A Jarring Split-Screen Image of Two Presidents Who Couldn&rsquo;t Be Any More Divergent	1
Obama and Trump offer a jarring split-screen image of two presidents who couldnt be any more divergent	Obama, Trump offer jarring split-screen image of 2 Presidents who couldn&rsquo;t be any more divergent	1
Obama and Trump offer a jarring split-screen image of two presidents who couldnt be any more divergent	Obama and Trump offer jarring split-screen image of two presidents who could&rsquo;re none more divergent	1
The quick action by Congress to revoke Obamacare adds urgency to the question of what comes next	Obamacare repeal leaves the question of what comes next. The prompt action by Congress to revoke it adds urgency	1
Norway is set to be the first country in the world to phase out FM radio	Norway is the first country in the world to take off its FM radio networks!	1
Norway is set to be the first country in the world to phase out FM radio	Norway is the first country to switch off its FM radio network.	1
Norway is set to be the first country in the world to phase out FM radio	Norway is the first country to dump its FM radio service	1
We're back inside James Mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense	In brief, we're back inside James Mattis'confirmation hearing to become Secretary of Defense.	1
We're back inside James Mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense	Wereback inside James Mattis'confirmation hearing to become Secretary of Defense	1
We're back inside James Mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense	Were back inside James Mattis'confirmation hearing to become Secretary of Defense	1
Trump's labor secretary pick on California's minimum wage How do you pay somebody $15 an hour to scoop ice cream ?	What Will Trumps Labor Secretary Pick on California's Minimum Wage? We Will Have to Give Him $15 an Hour to Scoop Ice Cream.	1
Hillary Clinton is out in public again after the election , and New Yorkers are loving it	Hillary Clinton Is Out in Public After the Election, and New Yorkers Are Loosening It	1
Hillary Clinton is out in public again after the election , and New Yorkers are loving it	Hillary Clinton is out in public again after the election, and New Yorkers are loving&nbsp;it	1
Hillary Clinton is out in public again after the election , and New Yorkers are loving it	Hillary Clinton Now Out in Public After Election, and New Yorkers Are Loosening It.	1
Consumer Reports turned off Safari cache for their MacBook Pro battery tests	MacBook Pro Battery Tests - Consumer Reports Turned Off Safari Cache	1
Consumer Reports turned off Safari cache for their MacBook Pro battery tests	Consumer Reports turns off Safari cache for #MacBook Pro battery tests	1
Popular but politically humbled , President Obama says goodbye to the nation tonight	Obama, who was popular but politically humbled, says goodbye to the nation tonight @CNNPolitics	1
Popular but politically humbled , President Obama says goodbye to the nation tonight	Obama says goodbye to nation Tonight He is popular but politically humbled	1
The Obama we need is an Obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .	We need an Obama who would have never been president.	1
The Senate is getting ready for a vote-a-rama . Allow us to explain .	The Senate Is Get Ready for a Vote-A-Rarama Let's explain	1
The Senate is getting ready for a vote-a-rama . Allow us to explain .	A Senate Gets Ready for a Vote-a-Rama. Here's How I.	1
Stage separation and engine shutdown confirmed , great news so far for SpaceX	Stage separation, engine shutdown confirmed, great news for @SpaceX	1
Stage separation and engine shutdown confirmed , great news so far for SpaceX	SpaceX's Stage Detachment, Engine Shutdown Reported, Great News So Far For SpaceX	1
Trumps plans for a business trust are inadequate , the governments top ethics monitor said in a rare public rebuke	Trump&rsquo;s Plan for a Business Trust Is Insufficient, Government Top Ethics Monitor Says in Rare Public Rebuke	1
Need better morale in the workplace ? Simulate a plane crash .	Need better morale at work? Create a Simulation Plane Crash	1
Need better morale in the workplace ? Simulate a plane crash .	Need better morale in your workplace? Try simulating a plane crash.	1
Need better morale in the workplace ? Simulate a plane crash .	Need better morale in your workplace? Try simulations on a plane crash	1
Facebook , nodding to its role in media , starts a " Journalism Project	Facebook, nodding to its role in media, starts a & amp ; media journalism project!	1
The search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 is called off after nearly 3 years	Search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Called Off After Nearly 3 Years	1
Clinton confidante Neera Tanden I don't expect " Hillary Clinton to run for office again	Clinton confidante Neera Tanden: 'I don't expect Clinton to run for office again.' property	1
Clinton confidante Neera Tanden I don't expect " Hillary Clinton to run for office again	Clinton confidante Neera Tanden said " I don't expect Clinton to run for office again ".	1
Worried about the direction of our government ? Dont just tweet . Run for office	Worried About the Direction of Our Government? Don&rsquo;t Just Tweet. Run for Office	1
I fixed the pathetic infographic @GOP tweeted out during #FarewellObama . Their graphic on left .	A fix for the pathetic infographic @GOP tweeted out during Obama'Fairwell Obama' graphic is now on the left	1
I fixed the pathetic infographic @GOP tweeted out during #FarewellObama . Their graphic on left .	fix the pathetic infographic @GOP tweeted out during #FarewellObama. Their graphic on the left.	1
President-elect Donald Trump urges people to shop at L.L. Bean after an anti-Trump group called for a boycott	Trump urges people to shop @L.L. Bean after anti-Trump group calls for boycott	1
In Beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue	Beijings Air Pollution is a Class issue and both a Health & amp ; a Health Issue	1
I think we have to step up our game on Russia	We must step up our game to Russia	1
Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning .	Streep'one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood ', tweeted Donald Trump Monday morning.	1
Unable to fund production of its camera drone , Lily will shut down and refund customers	Unable to fund production of its camera drone, Lily will shut down and refund&nbsp;customers	1
Fiona Apple's new anti-Trump song " Tiny Hands " is the perfect Women's March chant	Fiona Apple's new anti-Trump song, " Tiny Hands " is the perfect #Women's March chant	1
Fiona Apple's new anti-Trump song " Tiny Hands " is the perfect Women's March chant	Fiona Apple's new anti-Trump song " Tiny Hands " is the perfect Women&rsquo;s March chant	1
Fiona Apple's new anti-Trump song " Tiny Hands " is the perfect Women's March chant	Fiona Apples New Anti-Trump Song, Tiny Hands, Is the Perfect Women's March Chant	1
Fiona Apple's new anti-Trump song " Tiny Hands " is the perfect Women's March chant	Fiona Apples new anti-Trump song " Tiny Hands " is the perfect Women's March chant	1
Ringling Bros circus to close the " Greatest Show on Earth " after 146 years	Ringling Bros circus to close &ldquo;Greatest Show on Earth&rdquo; after 146 years	1
How Vladimir Putin engineered Russias return to global powerand what hell do next	How Putin engineered Russia&rsquo;s return to global power&rsquo;and what hell do next	1
How Vladimir Putin engineered Russias return to global powerand what hell do next	How Vladimir Putin Engineered Russias Return to Global Power&mdash;and What Hell Do Next	1
How Vladimir Putin engineered Russias return to global powerand what hell do next	How Vladimir Putin Engineered Russias Return to Global Power&rsquo;&rsquo;and What Hell Do Next&rsquo;	1
How Vladimir Putin engineered Russias return to global powerand what hell do next	How Putin engineered Russia&rsquo;s return to global power&rsquo;&rsquo;and what hell do next&rsquo;	1
The highs and lows of President Obama's eight years in office	The Highs and Lows of Obamas 8 Years in Office	1
Representatives of Austrian party founded by Nazis will attend Trump inauguration	Reps of Austrian party founded by Nazis will attend Trump inauguration	1
Representatives of Austrian party founded by Nazis will attend Trump inauguration	RETENTS OF THE AUSTRALISM OF PARTIES Founded by Nazis will attend Trump inauguration	1
Representatives of Austrian party founded by Nazis will attend Trump inauguration	Austrian Party Founders of Nazis Will Attend Trump Inauguration	1
Protesters planning to blockade inauguration checkpoints , ' party ' outside Pence home	Protesters to block inauguration checkpoints, party outside Pence home.	1
A newborn baby girl abducted from a hospital in Florida has been found alive 18 years later , sheriff says	Newborn girl abducted from Florida hospital 18 years ago was found alive, sheriff says	1
Moon Express raises $20 million in Series B-1 , fully funds trip to the Moon	Moon Express raises $20M in Series B-1&nbsp;funds trip to the Moon	1
Facing Donald Trump on Twitter is like going to " a knife fight with a spoon , " a candidate for DNC chairman said	Trump Faces Twitter, Like Going to a Knife-Fight With a Spoon, a Presidential Candidate for DNC Chairman Says	1
Reminder that Trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of Hitler's speeches by his bed .	Reminder that Trump sneaked his ex-wife out by keeping a book of Hitler's speeches by his bed.	1
Reminder that Trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of Hitler's speeches by his bed .	Remember that Trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of Hitler's speeches by his bed?	1
Man wanted in shooting death of Orlando police officer in custody	Orlando police officer was killed, a suspect in the shooting was in custody	1
Liberals , dont let Donald Trump tarnish L.L. Beans sterling brand reputation	Liberals, Don&rsquo;t Let Donald Trump Tarnish L.L. Bean&rsquo;s Sterling Brand Reputation	1
Liberals , dont let Donald Trump tarnish L.L. Beans sterling brand reputation	Liberals, Don&rsquo;t Let Trump Tarnish L.L. Bean&rsquo;s Sterling Brand Reputation.	1
What August Wilson means now , in the 21st century after Barack Obamas presidency	What August Wilson means now in the 21st century after Obama&rsquo;s Presidency	1
What August Wilson means now , in the 21st century after Barack Obamas presidency	What August Wilson means now in the 21st century, after Barack Obama&rsquo;s Presidency	1
What August Wilson means now , in the 21st century after Barack Obamas presidency	What August Wilson is about now in the 21st century, after Barack Obamas presidency	1
On intel report , @ggreenwald tells @brianstelter that " we have not seen " convincing evidence that " claims are true	Intel report by @ggreenwald tells @Brianstelter that'we have not seen'convincing evidence that'claims are true	1
If Putin likes Donald Trump , I consider that an asset , not a liability .	If Putin likes @realDonaldTrump, I Consider That an Asset, Not a Liability.	1
If Putin likes Donald Trump , I consider that an asset , not a liability .	If Putin likes @realDonaldTrump, I consider that an asset, not a liability.	1
The moment President Obama placed the Presidential Medal of Freedom around VP Joe Biden's neck	Obama placed the Presidential Medal of Freedom around VP Joe Bidens neck	1
Zhou Youguang , Who Made Writing Chinese as Simple as ABC , Dies at 111	I'm 111 Zhou Youguang, the man who made writing Chinese as simple as ABC. Died at 111	1
How working fathers struggle with " difficult " balance between job and childcare	Working fathers struggle with tricky balance between job and child	1
How working fathers struggle with " difficult " balance between job and childcare	Work-life balance for working dads has proven hard to keep at home	1
How working fathers struggle with " difficult " balance between job and childcare	Working fathers struggle with hard balance between job and childcare	1
How working fathers struggle with " difficult " balance between job and childcare	Working fathers struggle with'difficult'balance between job and childcare.	1
How working fathers struggle with " difficult " balance between job and childcare	Working fathers face tricky balance between job and childcare	1
She may be the most powerful black woman in the country , a position that begs to be used	May Be the Most Powerful Black Woman in the Country. She Begs to Be Used.	1
Time for America to shed meaningless party labels and come together to do what's stupid .	Time for America to shed meaningless party labels & amp ; come together to do what&squot;s stupid	1
Time for America to shed meaningless party labels and come together to do what's stupid .	Time for America to shed meaningless party labels and come together to do whats stupid	1
The treatment of black lawmakers becomes a flashpoint at the Sessions hearing	Behandlung of black lawmakers becomes flashpoint at Sessions hearing	1
France creates a special visa for entrepreneurs , engineers and investors	French Immigration Law Will Cut Barriers and Block Access to Investors France is creating a special visa for entrepreneurs, engineers and	1
France creates a special visa for entrepreneurs , engineers and investors	France creates special visa for entrepreneurs, engineers & amp ; investors	1
France creates a special visa for entrepreneurs , engineers and investors	France creates a special visa for entrepreneurs, engineers and&nbsp;investors	1
The NYT obituary for Clare Hollingworth , a journalist who broke news of World War II	New York Times obituary for Clare Hollingworth, one of those reporters whose reporting broke the news of World War II	1
The NYT obituary for Clare Hollingworth , a journalist who broke news of World War II	New York Times obituary of Clare Hollingworth, A Journalist Who Bred News of World War II	1
You made the White House a place that belongs to everybodyyou have made me proud .	You made the White House a place that belongs to everybody, and you made me proud of you.	1
You made the White House a place that belongs to everybodyyou have made me proud .	Thanks to all of you, the White House is a place that belongs to everybody. And you have made me proud.	1
You made the White House a place that belongs to everybodyyou have made me proud .	You have made the White House a place that belongs to everybody. It has made me proud!	1
You made the White House a place that belongs to everybodyyou have made me proud .	How you made the White House a place that belongs to everyoneYou made me proud ".	1
Donald Trump refuses to take a question from CNN's Senior White House Correspondent @Acosta	Trump Refuses to Take Question From CNN Senior White House Correspondent @Acosta HEALTHY READ MORE SAINT JUDICA HAYES YOU WERE POSTPEAKS	1
Donald Trump refuses to take a question from CNN's Senior White House Correspondent @Acosta	Trump Refuses To Take Question From CNN&rsquo;s Senior White House Correspondent Acosta	1
Donald Trump acknowledges that Mexico won't be paying for that wall , at least not for now	Trump Recognizes That Mexico Won't Be Paying for That Wall, at least Not For Moments	1
Mexico faces rising crime and a sluggish economy . Now it is bracing for Donald Trump .	Mexicos growing crime rate and tighter manufacturing sector are just some of the problems it's currently facing. A nation that is also bracing for #Trump.	1
Mexico faces rising crime and a sluggish economy . Now it is bracing for Donald Trump .	Mexico is bracing for the Trump Era of Crime and Luggish Economy	1
Venture capital in 2017 is when the rubber hits the road for returns	Venture capital in 2017 is when the rubber hits the road for&nbsp;returns	1
Rep. Mike Coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about ACA repeal	Rep. Mike Coffman sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about #ACA repeal	1
Obama tore down many protections of journalists & gt ; & gt	Obama tore down many protections of journalists & amp ; Gt ; Gt, & amp ;	1
Obama tore down many protections of journalists & gt ; & gt	Obama torn off many journalism protections.	1
Obama tore down many protections of journalists & gt ; & gt	Obama tore down many protections of journalists	1
Obama tore down many protections of journalists & gt ; & gt	Obama tore down many protections of journalists & amp ; journalists	1
Obama tore down many protections of journalists & gt ; & gt	Obama torn down many protections of journalists & amp ; gt ; & amp ; gt.	1
Obama tore down many protections of journalists & gt ; & gt	Obama torn off many protections of journalists	1
He gave away $8 billion , almost all in total secrecy	I Give You $8 BILLION, All In Secrecy	1
Rex Tillersons remarks on the South China Sea foreshadow a possible foreign policy crisis	Rex Tillerson&rsquo;s Comments on the South China Sea foreshadow a possible foreign policy crisis	1
It can power a small nation . But this wind farm in China is mostly idle .	With its vast capacity to power a small nation, this wind farm in China is mostly idle.	1
The Trump transition team announces that Rudy Giuliani will advise Trump on cybersecurity	Trump transition team says Giuliani will advise on cybersecurity	1
The Trump transition team announces that Rudy Giuliani will advise Trump on cybersecurity	trump transition team to offer Giuliani new advice about cybersecurity.	1
A righteous coalition of red-state cities and towns is just what the left needs right now .	A right coalition of red-state cities and towns is exactly what the left needs right now.	1
A righteous coalition of red-state cities and towns is just what the left needs right now .	A right coalition of red-state cities & amp ; towns is exactly what the left needs right now.	1
SHOWDOWN ON THE HILL Democrats to rehang police-as-pigs art defiant GOP lawmaker took down	HOW THIS SHOWDOWN ON THE HILL Democrats to rehang Police as pigs art defiant GOP lawmaker took down	1
Trump will meet with the eldest son of Martin Luther King Jr. , Trumps spokesman said	meeting with Martin Luther King Jr., Trumps Eldest Son, Official Says	1
describes Meryl Streep as " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " after this speech	Meryl Streep described as'one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood' after this speech	1
Trump National Security Adviser Called Russian Envoy Day Before Sanctions Were Imposed	National Security Advisor: Trump calls Russian ambassador to Russia day before sanctions were Imposed	1
Cory Booker seizes big moment with historic move to testify against another sitting senator	Cory Booker Seizes Big Moment with Historic Move to Testify Against Another Slam Sen.	1
Navy destroyer fires warning shots at Iranian vessels in Strait of Hormuz	A Navy Disruptor Fires Warning Shots at Iranian Ships in Strait of Hormuz	1
Marissa Mayer resigning from Yahoo board as company renames itself Altaba	Marissa Mayer resigning from Yahoo board as Altaba renames itself	1
Members at DC country club take swing at Obama over Israel stance	Members at DC Country Club Take a Swing at Obama Over Israel Halt	1
Members at DC country club take swing at Obama over Israel stance	members at the DC Country Club swing @Obama over Israel stance	1
As Trump discusses " fake news The real story about fake news is partisanship	Trump talks about " fake news " The real story about fake news is partisanship	1
As Trump discusses " fake news The real story about fake news is partisanship	As Trump Discuts " Fake News The Real Story About Fake News Is Partisanship.	1
Trump said he " will be the greatest job president God has ever created . That will be tough to fulfill .	Trump: 'This will be the greatest job President God has ever created. That will be difficult to fulfill'" property	1
Trump said he " will be the greatest job president God has ever created . That will be tough to fulfill .	Trump vows to "be the greatest job president God has ever created. That will be tough to fulfill	1
He's the best squash player in the world . His coach is someone who has never played the sport	In the World this is the best squash player. His coach is someone who has never played the sport.	1
He's the best squash player in the world . His coach is someone who has never played the sport	The best squash player in the world is coached by someone who has never played the sport.	1
Pound soars 2% against dollar at $1.2285 after @theresa_may's #Brexit speech	Pound climbs 2% against US$ at $1.2285 following @Theresamay's #Brexit speech	1
Still images show immediate aftermath of Fort Lauderdale Int'l Airport shooting	Stills show immediate aftermath of Fort Lauderdale Intl Airport shooting.	1
He helped topple a dictator . In New York , hes another face in the crowd .	In New York, he helped topple a dictator. He&rsquo;s Another Face in the Crowd. He&rsquo;s Another Face in the.	1
Power brokers are in Davos to discuss globalization . But there's no appetite for redistributing wealth .	Power Brokers Discuss Globalization in #Davos. But Lack of Appetite for Redistributing Wealth	1
Kaggle hosting $1M competition to improvelung cancer detection with machine learning	Kaggle hosting $1M competition to improveLung cancer detection w/machinelearning	1
Israel Defense Forces identifies 4 soldiers killed in Sunday's Jerusalem truck attack .	Jerusalem truck attack kills 4 soldiers, IDF says	1
Hold the salmon ? Scientists say wild salmon caught in Alaska may have tapeworm	A recent study shows a wild salmon found in Alaska may have a bit of tapeworm.	1
Hold the salmon ? Scientists say wild salmon caught in Alaska may have tapeworm	Keep the salmon alive! Wild salmon caught in Alaska may have tapeworm.	1
FBI , CIA , NSA , DOJ , and Treasury Probing Possible Covert Kremlin Aid to Trump .	FBI, CIA, NSA, DOJ, T&amp; Treasury Investigators Probing Possible Covert Kremlin Aid to Trump	1
FBI , CIA , NSA , DOJ , and Treasury Probing Possible Covert Kremlin Aid to Trump .	FBI, CIA, NSA, DOJ, Department of Justice, and Treasury all investigating possible covert Russian help to Trump	1
FBI , CIA , NSA , DOJ , and Treasury Probing Possible Covert Kremlin Aid to Trump .	FBI, CIA, NSA, DOJ, and Treasury all investigating possible covert Russian aide to Trump	1
FBI , CIA , NSA , DOJ , and Treasury Probing Possible Covert Kremlin Aid to Trump .	FBI, CIA, NSA, DOJ, and Treasury are investigating possible Covert Kremlin & amp ; Trump funding.	1
FBI , CIA , NSA , DOJ , and Treasury Probing Possible Covert Kremlin Aid to Trump .	FBI, CIA, US NSA, DOJ and Treasury looking into possible covert Russian aid to Trump.	1
initial official reports spoke of Turkish Airline plane . We updated as the news became clearer	First official reports spoke of Turkish Airline plane. TNA News Update, as News Got Clearer	1
These bogus stories are clearly fake Vladimir Putin said , commenting on the dossier compiled on Donald Trump	Putin said Trump dossier was fake All these lies are bogus	1
These bogus stories are clearly fake Vladimir Putin said , commenting on the dossier compiled on Donald Trump	These bogus stories are clearly fake Putin said Putin is commenting on dossier compiled on @realDonaldTrump.	1
Jeff Sessions was nominated for attorney general . Here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .	Jeff Sessions Nomination for US Attorney General, Gives His Positions on Police, Surveillance, and Immigration	1
Jeff Sessions was nominated for attorney general . Here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .	Jeff Sessions Nomination for Attorney General, But Here Are His Positions on Police, Surveillance, and Immigration	1
Jeff Sessions was nominated for attorney general . Here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .	Jeff Sessions Nomination to Attorney General Reaches on Policing, Surveillance, and Immigration	1
Massive security preparations under way for inauguration , amid protest threats to ' paralyze ' DC	Massive security plans under way for inauguration, amid protest threats to  Paralyze '' DC	1
A former contestant on " The Apprentice " filed a defamation suit against Donald Trump	Former Apprentice competitor files Defamation Suit Against Donald Trump	1
A former contestant on " The Apprentice " filed a defamation suit against Donald Trump	Former Apprentice contestant filed defamation lawsuit against Donald Trump	1
House OK's budget resolution that begins the process of dismantling Obamacare on a 227-198 vote .	The House approves a budget resolution that begins the process of dismantling #Obamacare on a 227-198 vote	1
Only work out on weekends ? That may be OK , according to a new study	I Work Out on Weekends! Seems OK, according to new study.	1
Only work out on weekends ? That may be OK , according to a new study	Somebody working out only on weekends? That may be OK, study finds.	1
AG Lynch on Dylann Roof being sentenced to death No verdict can heal the wounds .	Dylann Roof sent to death by AG Lynch. No verdict can heal the wounds	1
AG Lynch on Dylann Roof being sentenced to death No verdict can heal the wounds .	Dylann Roof: Justice for Lynch on Dylann Roof Sentenced to Death: "No verdict can heal the wounds	1
Obama looks to lock in $1 billion to schools with low-income kids	Obama seeks to lock in $1 billion to #schools with low-income kids	1
For all our outward differences , we all share the same proud title President Barack Obama	In short, for all our outward differences, we all share the same proud title President Obama	1
Ethics paperwork is still missing for Donald Trump's billionaire Cabinet picks	Ethics paperwork still missing for @realDonaldTrump's billionaire cabinet picks	1
Ethics paperwork is still missing for Donald Trump's billionaire Cabinet picks	Ethics paperwork is still missing for @realDonaldTrump's billionaire Cabinet picks	1
Ethics paperwork is still missing for Donald Trump's billionaire Cabinet picks	Ethics paperwork still missing for @realDonaldTrump's billionaire Cabinet picks	1
While bricks-and-mortar retailers cut jobs , Amazon said it would add 100,000 workers	Amazon is building 100,000 more jobs as bricks&nbsp;and-mortar retailers cut out jobs	1
China's president spurned protectionism while implicitly rebuking Donald Trump at the World Economic Forum in Davos	Xi Jinping spurned protectionism, while implicitly rebuking Trump at the World Economic Forum in Davos	1
The NYT obituary for Steven McDonald , paralyzed officer who championed forgiveness	The New York Times obituary of Steven McDonald, a paralyzed cop who championed forgiveness	1
The NYT obituary for Steven McDonald , paralyzed officer who championed forgiveness	@nytimes " obituary for Steven McDonald, paralyzed officer who championed forgiveness	1
Toll for Virginia express lanes rises over $30 during evening rush hour	truncheon for express lanes in Virginia rises over $30 during evening rush hour	1
Senate GOP shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception	Senate GOP slashes protection for maternity coverage, free contraception	1
Senate GOP shoots down proposed protection for maternity coverage , free contraception	Senate GOP shoots down maternity coverage, free contraception proposal	1
Donald Trump's son-in-law , Jared Kushner , will be senior adviser to the president	Jared Kushner will become senior adviser to president Donald Trump and his son-in-law.	1
Donald Trump's son-in-law , Jared Kushner , will be senior adviser to the president	Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law, becomes senior adviser to President Trump	1
With a week left in office , President Obama wanted to talk about novels . Here's a transcript	With only a week left in office, President Obama talked about novels. Heres a transcript.	1
Senate panel to review intel on " links between Russia and individuals associated with political campaigns	Senate Committee to Review Intelligence on " links between Russia and campaigned people" #NET	1
Senate panel to review intel on " links between Russia and individuals associated with political campaigns	Senate to review intel on &ldquo;links between Russia and candidates	1
Senate panel to review intel on " links between Russia and individuals associated with political campaigns	House to review upcoming information on election tie-ups Senate committee on politics wants probe into allegations of " links between Russia and" campaign staffers.	1
Senate panel to review intel on " links between Russia and individuals associated with political campaigns	Senate to review info on election & amp ; links between Russia and individuals	1
Kellyanne Conway has discovered the ctrl + f function on her keyboard and it is blowing her mind	Conway discovers ctrl + f keyboard and it blows her mind.	1
Nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers in Borno , killing more than 50 people , aid group says	Nigerian fighter jet hits refugees, aid workers in Borno, killing more than 50, charity says	1
Meet the Grand Mac , for those times when the Big Mac just isn't quite enough	Grand Mac, for those times when the Big Mac just isn't quite enough	1
Meet the Grand Mac , for those times when the Big Mac just isn't quite enough	The Grand Mac, for those moments when the Big Mac just isn't quite enough	1
Meet the Grand Mac , for those times when the Big Mac just isn't quite enough	The Grand Mac, for those times when the Big Mac just isnt quite enough	1
Trump aide Monica Crowley plagiarized thousands of words in P h.D. dissertation	The Trump aide Monica Crowley plagiarized thousands of words in her Ph.D. dissertation	1
Without referencing him by name , Meryl Streep blasted Trump for mocking a reporter with a disability	Meryl Streep, Without Raising Him By Name, Blasted Trump For Mocking a Reporter With a Disabilities	1
AT & T denies refunds for DirecTV Now customers , despite the service's performance issues	AT&amp;T Denies Refunds For DirecTV Now Customers, Despite Performance Issues	1
AT & T denies refunds for DirecTV Now customers , despite the service's performance issues	AT & T denies refunds to DirecTV Now customers over performance	1
AT & T denies refunds for DirecTV Now customers , despite the service's performance issues	AT & T denies refunds for DirecTV Now customers, despite the service&nbsp;performance issues	1
Trump reportedly insists new healthcare plan will have ' insurance for everybody	Donald Trump says healthcare reform will have'insurance for everybody '.	1
Republicans ask if they should take Trump's newest demand on Obamacare repeal literally	GOP Ask If They Should Take Trump's newest Demand on Obamacare Repeal Literally	1
President Obama on the next generation of Americans The future is in good hands .	Obama said americans will have a better future " and the new generation of Americans have it	1
President Obama on the next generation of Americans The future is in good hands .	Obama on the next generation of Americans: The future is in good hands	1
Why did women vote for Donald Trump ? Here's what they said .	Why Did Women Vote for Donald Trump? They Said This Is Why We Voted for Donald Trump.	1
Why did women vote for Donald Trump ? Here's what they said .	Why Women Voted for Donald Trump, and Heres What They said	1
Linda Bean calls anti-Trump boycotts ' un-American , ' form of bullying	Linda Bean Calls Anti-Trump Bounces'Un-American,'Form of Bullying	1
Linda Bean calls anti-Trump boycotts ' un-American , ' form of bullying	@lindabeanscalls anti-Trump boycotts un-American,'sort of bullying	1
What message do we send " with Chelsea Manning's commutation ?	What message do we send w Chelsea Manning's commute?	1
What message do we send " with Chelsea Manning's commutation ?	What message should we send with Chelsea Mannings commute?	1
What message do we send " with Chelsea Manning's commutation ?	Which message do we send'with Chelsea Manning's commute?	1
What message do we send " with Chelsea Manning's commutation ?	With Chelsea Manning's Commutation, What Do We Send?	1
What message do we send " with Chelsea Manning's commutation ?	What do we send with Chelsea Manning's commute?	1
What message do we send " with Chelsea Manning's commutation ?	What a message do we send with Chelsea Manning's commute?	1
Donald Trump told Congress to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act " very quickly	Trump tells Congress to " quickly replace and repeal" the Obamacare Act	1
Donald Trump told Congress to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act " very quickly	Trump Tells Congress to Repeal & amp ; Replace Health Law Very Quickly	1
Donald Trump told Congress to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act " very quickly	Trump urges congress to replace health care law'very quickly '. HEALTHY STARRING!!	1
After a 146-year run , Ringling Bros . circus is packing up for good . Ticket sales fell after phasing out elephants .	After 146-Year Run, Ringling Bros Circus Is Packing Up for Good as Tickets Slid After Eliminating Elephants	1
U2 delaying album release , say they need ' breathing space ' to reassess after #Trump win	U2 Delaying Album Release, Say They Need &ldquo;Antonymous Space&rdquo; to Re-assess After Trump Win	1
La La Land wins ' Best Motion Picture Musical or Comedy	La La Land Won &ldquo;Best Motion Picture Musical or Comedy&rdquo;	1
Ex-CIA officer braces for extradition from Portugal to Italy , says she's ' scapegoat	Ex-CIA Agent Braces for Extradition From Portugal to Italy, Says She's a'scapegoat'@CNNPolitics	1
Ex-CIA officer braces for extradition from Portugal to Italy , says she's ' scapegoat	Ex-CIA Officer Spectre Faces Extradition From Portugal to Italy, Says She's a Sscapegoat @FoxNews App	1
Ex-CIA officer braces for extradition from Portugal to Italy , says she's ' scapegoat	Ex-CIA agent says she's'scapegoat' for exile from Portugal to Italy.	1
There were 2 big lessons from Donald Trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes	2 Great Lessons From Trump's inaugural news conference, @Jimrutenberg writes	1
Ivanka Trump is far from an avatar of a feminist future	Ivanka Trumps Far From AKA Feministic Future	1
The Italian police say a brother and sister for years hacked government officials , Freemasons and Vatican prelates	Italian Police Say Brother and Sister Whodunited Government Officials, Freemasons and Vatican Prelates For Years.	1
Day 2 is just smooth and awesome said of microdosing . I think the Dalai Lama is on a perpetual Day 2 .	Day 2 is just smooth and awesome saying microdosing. I think Dalai Lama is on a perpetual day 2.	1
Trumps CIA director nominee Mike Pompeo says the intelligence on Russian hacking " is sound	Trump's CIA director nominee Mike Pompeo says intelligence on Russian hacking is sound @CNNPolitics	1
Trumps CIA director nominee Mike Pompeo says the intelligence on Russian hacking " is sound	Trumps CIA director nominee Mike Pompeo says intelligence on Russian hacking'is sound'@CNNPolitics	1
Trumps CIA director nominee Mike Pompeo says the intelligence on Russian hacking " is sound	Trumps CIA director nominee #MichaelPompo says intelligence on Russian hacking is sound @CNNPolitics	1
A Republican lawmaker hints at investigating an ethics chief critical of Donald Trump	GOP lawmaker hints at investigating ethics chief critical of Trump	1
Many people reel in disgust when they hear recordings of themselves . Do we really sound like that ?	Many people reel in disgust when they hear recordings of themselves: Do we really sound like that?' property	1
Many people reel in disgust when they hear recordings of themselves . Do we really sound like that ?	Many people infuriate when they hear recordings of themselves asking themselves if we sound like that.	1
Many people reel in disgust when they hear recordings of themselves . Do we really sound like that ?	Many people look at recordings themselves in disgust: Do we really sound like that?	1
CIA Director Brennan Trump should develop ' appreciation ' for intel community	CIA Director Brennan urged Trump to develop'appreciation'for the intel community.	1
Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy	Puerto Rico turns to #tech and #entrepreneurship to revive the	1
Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy	Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize&nbsp;economy	1
Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy	Puerto Rico tucks into #tech and #entrepreneurship to revitalize the #economy	1
Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy	Puerto Rico turn to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the.	1
64% of Americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realDonaldTrump account , a new survey shows	64% of Americans want President-Elect Donald Trump to shut down his Twitter account, according to new poll.	1
Perpetual NSL gags are just not American . Cloudflare Has Been Fighting NSL for Years	Cloudflare Has Been Fighting NSL for Years	1
Perpetual NSL gags are just not American . Cloudflare Has Been Fighting NSL for Years	Cloudflare has Been Fighting NSL for Years.	1
Donald Trump's interviews in Europe have placed him right in the middle of the Continent's most contentious issues	Donald Trumps Interviews in Europe Set Him Right in the Mitte Of the Most Controversial Issues on the Continent	1
Obama administration to pay billions to Marines affected by toxic water	Obama admin to pay billions to marines affected by toxic water	1
Chinese President Xi Jinping No one can win a trade war	China's President Xi Jinping: "No one can win a trade war.	1
Chinese President Xi Jinping No one can win a trade war	Chinas Xi Jinping: No one can win a trade war	1
US must invest in children of immigrants " because those brown kids " represent growing share of the workforce	The #US must invest in the children of migrants " because those brown kids " reprcing growing share of the #workforce.	1
Some were shot , some were killed with a blade . Wherever they could find people , they were killing them .	Some were shot, some were killed with a sharp object, where they could find people they were killing them.	1
Some were shot , some were killed with a blade . Wherever they could find people , they were killing them .	Some were shot, some with a blunt force, some were killed, wherever they could find people they were killing.	1
Donald Trump criticized John Lewis , one of the original Freedom Riders , on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day	On the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day, Trump criticises Lewis, one of the original Freedom Riders.	1
Lurking inside your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of oddballs and misfits	Lurking inside your smartphone is a globe-sized playpen of strangeballs & amp ; misfits	1
Lurking inside your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of oddballs and misfits	Lurking in your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of weirdballs and&nbsp;misfits	1
Lurking inside your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of oddballs and misfits	Lurking inside your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of oddballs and&nbsp;misfits	1
I agree with " overwhelming majority of scientists who believe that climate change is real	I agree with & amp ; vast majority of scientists who believe climate change is real.	1
I agree with " overwhelming majority of scientists who believe that climate change is real	I agree with the overwhelming majority of scientists who believe climate change is real." property	1
Cartels , smugglers exploit border wall fears ahead of Trump presidency	Cartels, smugglers exploit #borderwall fears ahead of Trump presidency	1
Nervous about potential fallout of moving too fast on Obamacare repeal , some Republicans are now advising restraint	Nervous About Potential Fallout of Moving Too Fast on Obamacare Remake, Some Republicans Are Now Suggesting Restraint	1
Nervous about potential fallout of moving too fast on Obamacare repeal , some Republicans are now advising restraint	Nervous About Potential Fallout of Moving Too Fast on Obamacare Reappointments, Some Republicans Now Admit Refraint	1
Nervous about potential fallout of moving too fast on Obamacare repeal , some Republicans are now advising restraint	Nervous About Potential Fallout of Moving Too Fast on Obamacare, Some Republicans Are Now Advancing Restraint	1
Bo Jackson says he would have never played football if he knew about the health risks	Bo Jackson wouldnt have played football if he knew of the health risks	1
thinks it's time for Americans to get behind President-elect @realDonaldTrump .	It's time for Americans to get behind President-Elect @realDonaldTrump	1
Trump listed as threat to human rights by Human Rights Watch	Human Rights Watch ranked Trump threat to human rights.	1
Trump listed as threat to human rights by Human Rights Watch	Human Rights Watch lists Trump threat to human rights.	1
Trump listed as threat to human rights by Human Rights Watch	Human Rights Watch listed Donald Trump as a threat to human rights.	1
Twitter latest feature prompts you to tweet your updated profile picture	Twitters LatestFeature Prompts You to Tweet Your Updated Profile Picture	1
The Buzzfeed report wound up being a heat shield for Trump	The Buzzfeed report wound up being a heat shield for @realDonaldTrump	1
The Buzzfeed report wound up being a heat shield for Trump	Buzzfeed report wound up being a heat shield for @realDonaldTrump	1
Obama's speech was a thinly veiled rebuke of several of Donald Trump's positions	Obama's Speech Was a Thinly Sexive Rebuke of Trump's Positions	1
You do not recover from Polonium poisoning . You die , slowly and painfully .	For those who have been poisoned by polonium, you do not recover, they die slowly and painfully.	1
Afghanistan's ' ghost soldiers ' take scary toll on US taxpayers , says watchdog	Afghanistans'ghost soldiers'face a scary toll on US taxpayers. Watchdog:	1
Netflix blows out the fourth quarter after setting itself up for a huge end of the year	Netflix posts big fourth quarter earnings after setting itself up for a big end of the year	1
O'Reilly tried to derail the career of an employee who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by NYT	O'Reilly tries to derail career of employee who refused his advances,, according to letter obtained by NYT	1
O'Reilly tried to derail the career of an employee who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by NYT	O'Reilly tries to derail career of employee who refused advances, according to letter obtained by NYT	1
Will the last person to leave social media please turn off the light ?	Who's left Social Media? Will the Last Person to Leave Turn Off the Light?	1
Todays reporters are concerned that Donald J . Trump could send them back into the past	Today&rsquo;s Reporters Are Concerned That Donald J. Trump Could Send Them Back into the Past	1
President Obama tells VP Joe Biden I gained a brother .	Obama tells VP Joe Biden : " I gained a brother	1
President Obama tells VP Joe Biden I gained a brother .	Obama tells VP Joe Biden, " I gained a brother.	1
President Obama tells VP Joe Biden I gained a brother .	Obama tells VP Joe Biden I gained a brother	1
Read President Obama's farewell address as it was prepared for delivery	As President Obama's Farewell Address Prepared for Delivery	1
Read President Obama's farewell address as it was prepared for delivery	President Obama farewell address as it was prepared for delivery	1
More than 50 Democratic Congress members plan to skip Donald Trump's inauguration	More than 50 Democratic Congress members plan to skip @realDonaldTrump inauguration	1
Former agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of FBI action	A former FBI agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos was frustrated by a lack of action by @FBI.	1
Former agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of FBI action	Ex-Agent Who Wrote Trump-Russia Memos Frowning by Lack of F.B.I. Action	1
Former agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of FBI action	A former FBI agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of action of.	1
Lockheed Martin's chief pledges lower fighter jet costs after weeks of talks with Donald Trump	Lockheed chief promises lower cost of fighter jet After weeks of talks with @realDonaldTrump	1
The CIA publishes its history , nearly 13 million pages of documents online	CIA publishes its history online The CIA now has nearly 13 million pages of documents.	1
Slain DNC staffer's father doubts WikiLeaks link as cops seek answers	Slain DNC staffer's father doubts WikiLeaks link & amp ; cops seek answers	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals Were People Too. Why Did Science Get These Tougher?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals Were People, Too. Why Did Science Get These Theyre So Wrong?	1
India's Practo raises $55M to expand its healthcare platform to more emerging markets	Indias Practo raises $55M to expand healthcare platform to more emerging&nbsp;markets	1
India's Practo raises $55M to expand its healthcare platform to more emerging markets	India's Practo raises $55M to expand&nbsp;healthcare platform to more emerging&nbsp;markets	1
You just lived through the hottest year on our planet ever recorded .	We just lived through the hottest year on our planet ever recorded.	1
You just lived through the hottest year on our planet ever recorded .	We just lived through the hottest year on our planet ever recorded	1
64% of Americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realDonaldTrump account , a survey shows	64% of Americans want president-elect to shut down his @realDonaldTrump account, new poll shows.	1
Here's the truth Despite the facts , Trump once again embraces vaccine skeptics	Despite the Facts, Trump Once Again Embraces Vaccine Skeptics, So Is This the Truth?	1
Here's the truth Despite the facts , Trump once again embraces vaccine skeptics	Trump once again embraces vaccine skeptics, despite facts	1
Here's the truth Despite the facts , Trump once again embraces vaccine skeptics	Trump embraces vaccine skeptics heres the truth Despite the facts Trump once again embraces vaccine skeptics	1
The Nintendo Switch will be released on 3 March and will cost $299.99	Nintendo is unveiling the new Nintendo Switch console on 3 March, with a retail price of $299.99.	1
Obama is holding his final news conference with the White House press corps	Obama holding final news conference with White House press corps	1
U.S. stocks open in the green . Dow rises 40 points . Pandora soars 8% on job cuts and positive outlook .	U.S. stocks up 40 points in green market. Pandora rises 8% on job cuts and positive outlook	1
Mr. President , you know as long as there's breath in me , I'll be there for you	The President says as long as there's breath in me, I will be there for you	1
Mr. President , you know as long as there's breath in me , I'll be there for you	President, President, I'll be there for you as long as there's breathing in me	1
Mr. President , you know as long as there's breath in me , I'll be there for you	President, as long as there's breath in me, I'll be there for you.	1
Mr. President , you know as long as there's breath in me , I'll be there for you	President, I will be there for you as long as there's breath in me. j.	1
Mr. President , you know as long as there's breath in me , I'll be there for you	Monsieur President, as long as there's breath in me, I'll be there for you	1
For left-leaning publishers , right-leaning books have been reliable cash cows	Left-leaning and right-leaning books have been reliable cash cows for left-leaning book publishers	1
Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .	Dylann Roof to Be Put to Death After Church Shooting, U.S. Jury Says	1
Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .	Dylann Roof, an. Charleston church shooter, should be sentenced to death, a federal jury says	1
This will be their strategy pretend that the ACA was already dead	This will be their strategy pretending that theACA was already dead	1
This will be their strategy pretend that the ACA was already dead	This will be their strategy pretending that theACA was already dead.	1
This will be their strategy pretend that the ACA was already dead	It will be their strategy pretending that theACA was already dead	1
Think you can beat @chadalorenz at the Slate News Quiz ?	How Can You Beat Chadalorenz at Slate News Quiz?	1
President Obama surprised Joe Biden with the Presidential Medal of Freedom	Obama Surprises Biden With Presidential Medal of Freedom.	1
President Obama surprised Joe Biden with the Presidential Medal of Freedom	Obama surprised Biden with Presidential Medal of Freedom	1
President Obama surprised Joe Biden with the Presidential Medal of Freedom	Obama surprised Biden with his Presidential Medal of Freedom	1
Activehours , which makes every day a payday , just raised $22 million in Series A funding	Activehours, the company that makes every day a paycheck, just raised $22 million in Series A&nbsp;funding	1
Some societies in parts of Africa , Australia and India restrict the words a person can say after marriage	After a marriage, certain societies in parts of Africa, Australia and India limit the words a person can say	1
He shouldn't be doing it . He won't be doing it Trump chastises Russia over hacking	Trump chastises Russia over #Hacking. He won&rsquo;t be doing it	1
He shouldn't be doing it . He won't be doing it Trump chastises Russia over hacking	Trump chastises Russia over hacking, telling them he shouldn&rsquo;t be doing it&rsquo;	1
President Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of	Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of. oh my gosh, he loves America too!	1
President Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of	Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of of.	1
Rex Tillerson's nomination as secretary of state is in trouble .	Rex Tillersons Nomination to State Department Is in Trouble	1
Rex Tillerson's nomination as secretary of state is in trouble .	Tillerson's nomination as Secretary of State, in Trouble	1
America's liar-in-chief keeps at it and @nytopinion keeps calling him what he is .	New York Times'America's Liar-in-Chief Keeps At It & amp ; @NYTimes Calls Him What He Is.	1
Trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon John Lewis	Trump rips civil rights icon Lewis with all talk, " no action	1
Trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon John Lewis	Trump rips civil rights icon Lewis over 'all talk,'' no action'	1
BuzzFeed has become the center of a swirling debate over journalistic ethics	BuzzFeed to Be the Center for a Spawning Debate Over Journalist Ethical	1
Donald Trump just hit the 20 million followers mark on Twitter	20 M Followers @realDonaldTrump Just Hit the 20 Million Mark on Twitter	1
Donald Trump just hit the 20 million followers mark on Twitter	Trump hit the 20 million followers mark, Twitter says	1
From the Wayback Machine on Monica Crowley's plagiarism problem , 1999 .	Monica Crowleys Plagiarism Problem, 1999, From the Wayback Machine.	1
From the Wayback Machine on Monica Crowley's plagiarism problem , 1999 .	Monica Crowley's plagiarism problem from the Wayback Machine in 1999.	1
From the Wayback Machine on Monica Crowley's plagiarism problem , 1999 .	Monica Crowley's plagiarism problem as revealed by the Wayback Machine, 1999.	1
From the Wayback Machine on Monica Crowley's plagiarism problem , 1999 .	How plagiarism is a big problem for Monica Crowley, published in the Wayback Machine in 1999.	1
Biden confirms he and Obama were briefed on the unsubstantiated claims against Trump	Biden confirms he and Obama were briefed on unsubstantiated claims against @realDonaldTrump.	1
Why does Donald Trump continue to defend Russia and attack U.S. intelligence ?	Why does #Trump continue to defend Russia and attack US intelligence?	1
Why does Donald Trump continue to defend Russia and attack U.S. intelligence ?	Why does @realDonaldTrump continue to defend Russia and attack US intelligence?	1
DeVos says states shouldnt have to comply with federal law on disabled students	DeVos Says States Shouldn&rsquo;t Have to Comply With Federal Law on Disabled Students	1
DeVos says states shouldnt have to comply with federal law on disabled students	DeVos says states don&rsquo;t have to comply with the federal law on disabled students.	1
DeVos says states shouldnt have to comply with federal law on disabled students	DeVos: States shouldn&rsquo;t have to comply with federal law on disabled students	1
President Obama commuted all but 4 months of the remaining prison sentence of Chelsea Manning	Chelsea Manning's sentence commuted for better than 4 months! Obama commuted all but 4 months.	1
For some , the Donald Trump insult tweet has become a badge of honor	Trump insult tweet has become a badge of honor	1
For some , the Donald Trump insult tweet has become a badge of honor	Insinuating Donald Trump in an obscene tweet has become a badge of honor.	1
For some , the Donald Trump insult tweet has become a badge of honor	The Donald Trump Hurt Tweet Becomes a Badge of Honor.	1
For some , the Donald Trump insult tweet has become a badge of honor	For Some, the Trump Insult Tweet Has Been a BADGER OF HONOR	1
You should read this super-interesting AMA with AI researcher Joanna Bryson	Read this super-interesting AMA with AI researcher Joanna Bryson	1
Dosa burgers ' may soon be coming to McDonald's outlets in India .	McDonald's Dosa burgers are coming to India	1
Dosa burgers ' may soon be coming to McDonald's outlets in India .	McDonald&rsquo;s Dosa Burger is coming to Indian outlets. One of them is a dosa burger.	1
Dosa burgers ' may soon be coming to McDonald's outlets in India .	McDonald&rsquo;s Dosa Burgers&rsquo; may soon be coming to Indian outlets.	1
Dosa burgers ' may soon be coming to McDonald's outlets in India .	Dosa Burgers'might soon be coming to McDonald&rsquo;s outlets in India	1
Marco Rubio on if he would vote against Tillerson I'm prepared to do what's right	Marco Rubio: I'm ready to do what's right Marco Rubio asks if he would vote against Tillerson for	1
Marco Rubio on if he would vote against Tillerson I'm prepared to do what's right	Marco Rubio on @RadiottRumbio on whether he would vote against @Tillerson I'm ready to do what's right	1
Sen. Elizabeth Warren has introduced a bill that would require a president to sell their assets before taking office	Senate Bill Would Require Presidents to Sell Assets Before Take Office Sen. Elizabeth Warren Introduces Bill	1
Sen. Elizabeth Warren has introduced a bill that would require a president to sell their assets before taking office	Sen. Elizabeth Warren Introduces Bill Would Require President to Sell Assets Before Take Office	1
Sen. Elizabeth Warren has introduced a bill that would require a president to sell their assets before taking office	Senator Elizabeth Warren introduces bill would require president to sell assets before assuming office	1
Sen. Elizabeth Warren has introduced a bill that would require a president to sell their assets before taking office	Senator Elizabeth Warren introduces bill to require president to sell assets before taking office	1
A critical part of Megyn Kelly's career at Fox was airing racial conspiracy theories .	Megyn Kellys Fox career was a critical part of her racial conspiracy theories	1
EU Council President Donald Tusk calls @theresa_may #Brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says EU " ready to negotiate	EU Council President Donald Tusk called #theresamay #Brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says EU prepared to negotiate	1
that comma after " daughter " is sad for Tiffany .	Tiffany is sad for Tiffany that comma follows her daughter.	1
Jeff Sessions said he'd prosecute porn . Trump appeared in multiple porns .	Jeff Sessions Defends Prosecute Porn. Trump Appears in Multiple Porns	1
Jeff Sessions said he'd prosecute porn . Trump appeared in multiple porns .	Jeff Sessions, Prosecuting Porn, and Trump in Multiple Porns	1
Jeff Sessions said he'd prosecute porn . Trump appeared in multiple porns .	Jeff Sessions: 'I'd prosecute porn'' Donald Trump appeared in multiple porns	1
A snapshot of millennial savers at various stages of their retirement planning	Millennial savers at their various stages of retirement	1
A snapshot of millennial savers at various stages of their retirement planning	Check out this snapshot of #millennial savers at various stages of retirement	1
Republicans appear to be realizing that their long con on Obamacare has reached its limit	Republicans Appears to Be Realizing Their Long Con on Obamacare Has Reached His Limit	1
Republicans appear to be realizing that their long con on Obamacare has reached its limit	Republicans Remind Me They Know The Long Con on Obamacare Is Reaching His Limit	1
Do you have beloved but broken household items yearning to be fixed ? Try a Repair Cafe .	Repair Cafes! Great question, if you have beloved, but broken household items that are yearning to be fixed.	1
Senate probe to review intelligence about " links between Russia and individuals associated with political campaigns	Senate probe to review intelligence on'connections between Russia and campaigns	1
Senate probe to review intelligence about " links between Russia and individuals associated with political campaigns	Senate probe to review intelligence about â€œlinks between Russia and campaign figuresâ€	1
Senate probe to review intelligence about " links between Russia and individuals associated with political campaigns	Senate probe to review intelligence on'links between Russia & amp ; campaign personnel.	1
Senate probe to review intelligence about " links between Russia and individuals associated with political campaigns	Senate probe to review intelligence on " links between Russia and campaign lt ; officials associated with	1
I wish to hell I'd just kept saying the exact same thing	I wish to hell I would just keep saying the exact same thing ht	1
The findings come 2 days before Donald Trump's inauguration . He has called global warming a Chinese plot .	Finds come 2 days before Trump's inauguration. He's called global warming a Chinese plot.	1
As attorney general , Jeff Sessions would bring the conservatism of his Southern roots to policing and civil rights	Jeff Sessions As Attorney General, Sessions Would Bring the Conservatism of His Southern Roots to Politics and Civil Rights	1
As attorney general , Jeff Sessions would bring the conservatism of his Southern roots to policing and civil rights	Jeff Sessions as attorney general would bring to policing and civil rights the conservatism of his Southern roots	1
Over 8 years , the White House mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation	The White House Mailroom Reads the Unfiltered Story of a Nation Over 8 Years	1
Schools can save lives reflects on his time as education secretary	Schools can save lives, reflects on time as Education Secretary	1
The benefit of vaccines is not a matter of opinion . It is a matter of fact	The benefits of vaccinations are not merely a matter of opinion, but rather a matter of fact	1
The benefit of vaccines is not a matter of opinion . It is a matter of fact	The benefit of vaccinations is not a matter of opinion, but a matter of fact	1
The causes of insomnia are many , and they increase in number and severity as people age	Insomnia and chronic sleep disorders are numerous and increase in severity and number as people age.	1
How did the unverified stories on Trump emerge ? Look to the hidden side of campaigns and their sleuths-for-hire .	How did the unverified stories on @realDonaldTrump emerge? Look to the Hidden Side of the Campaigns and Their Sleuths forhire.	1
Trump met privately with the eldest son of Martin Luther King Jr.	President-Elect Donald Trump met privately with Martin Luther King Jr.'s eldest son.	1
Trump met privately with the eldest son of Martin Luther King Jr.	Trump meets with Martin Luther King Jr. eldest son for private meeting.	1
Rex Tillerson Donald Trump's secretary of state nominee with ties to Putin faces his confirmation hearing today	Rex Tillerson, Trumps State Department nominee with ties to Putin, faces confirmation hearing today	1
Do you get your news from RT ? Do you believe it spreads disinformation for the Putin regime ?	Do you get your news from RT? Does RT spread disinformation for the Putin regime?	1
Nice thing to wake up to this morning , of all days .	What a great morning to wake up to this morning, of all days.	1
Nice thing to wake up to this morning , of all days .	A nice way to wake up today, of all days.	1
Donald Trump to remain an executive producer on NBC's ' Celebrity Apprentice , ' MGM confirms	Donald Trump to remain MGM exec producer for NBC's Celebrity Apprentice, MGM confirms & amp ; NBC.	1
All your favs are problematic , including hygge , a tool of xenophobic populism	All Your Favorite Foods Are Problematic, including Hygge, a Tool of Xenophobic Populism	1
All your favs are problematic , including hygge , a tool of xenophobic populism	How all your favs are problematic, including hygge, a tool of xenophobic populism.	1
Ethics official takes heat for knocking Trump Cabinet hearings , giving Clinton a ' pass	Ethics official takes heat for knocking #Trump Cabinet hearings, giving #Clinton a'pass	1
Ethics official takes heat for knocking Trump Cabinet hearings , giving Clinton a ' pass	Ethics official takes heat for knocking #Trump Cabinet hearings, giving #HillaryClinton a'pass	1
Ethics experts critique Donald Trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest , point by point	Ethics Experts Critique Trump Plan to Avoid Conflicts Of Interest Point by Point	1
What the U.S. gets for defending its allies and interests abroad	What the US gets for defending its allies & amp ; interests abroad.	1
What the U.S. gets for defending its allies and interests abroad	What the United States gets for defending its allies & amp ; interests abroad	1
I respect John Lewis , but " we shouldn't ignore that people are partisan	I respect @John Lewis, but we shouldn&rsquo;t ignore that people are partisan&rsquo;	1
I respect John Lewis , but " we shouldn't ignore that people are partisan	I respect @JohnLee, but we shouldn't ignore that people are partisan.	1
I keep meaning to learn how to actually use it .	I keep meaning to learn how to use it real.	1
Scientists predict warming will continue to exceed records . Here's how 2016 became earths hottest year on record	Climate Change Change Will Continue To Extend Record Temperatures. Here's How 2016 Was Earths hottest year on record" property	1
Republican lawmakers are frustrated Pres . -elect Trump is emphasizing " insurance for everybody , " GOP sources tell CNN	GOP lawmakers are frustrated that Pres. Trump is emphasizing " insurance for everyone, " sources tell CNN.	1
I have ' emotional whiplash ' after Trump , Obama events	Emotional whiplash following Trump, Obama events	1
After President Obama's 2 terms , " the Democratic Party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s	After Obamas 2 Terms, " the Democratic Party Is Weaker Than It Has Been Since the 1920s " @CNNPolitics	1
After President Obama's 2 terms , " the Democratic Party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s	Considering Obama's 2 terms, the Democratic Party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s.	1
After President Obama's 2 terms , " the Democratic Party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s	After Obamas 2 Terms, the Democratic Party Is Wronger Than It Has Been Since the 1920s	1
It's always good to reference Russia as a reliable authority when distancing yourself from Russia	When distancing from Russia, it's always good to reference Russia as a credible authority.	1
Jewish groups are demanding an apology from Donald Trump , saying he trivialized the horrors of Nazi Germany	Jewish groups demanding Trump apologize for trivializing Nazi horrors.	1
Jewish groups are demanding an apology from Donald Trump , saying he trivialized the horrors of Nazi Germany	Jewish groups are calling for an apology from @realDonaldTrump, who trivialized the horrors of Nazi Germany.	1
Jewish groups are demanding an apology from Donald Trump , saying he trivialized the horrors of Nazi Germany	Jewish groups want retraction from Trump, saying he trivialized the horrors of Nazi Germany.	1
Jewish groups are demanding an apology from Donald Trump , saying he trivialized the horrors of Nazi Germany	Jewish groups demanding apology from Trump, saying he trivialized the horrors of'Nazi Germany'@CNNPolitics	1
YouTube launches " Super Chat , " a way for creators to make money from their live streams	YouTube launches Super Chat, a new way for creators to make&nbsp;money from their live streams	1
YouTube launches " Super Chat , " a way for creators to make money from their live streams	YouTube launches #SuperChat, a way for #creators to make money from their live&nbsp;streams	1
YouTube launches " Super Chat , " a way for creators to make money from their live streams	YouTube launches  Super Chat '', a way for creators to make&nbsp;profit from their live streams	1
YouTube launches " Super Chat , " a way for creators to make money from their live streams	YouTube launches " Super Chat, " a way for creators to make&nbsp;money from their live&nbsp;streams	1
YouTube launches " Super Chat , " a way for creators to make money from their live streams	YouTube launches " Super Chat ", a way for creators to make&nbsp;money from their live streams	1
YouTube launches " Super Chat , " a way for creators to make money from their live streams	YouTube launches " Super Chat ", a way for creators to make&nbsp;money from&nbsp;live streams	1
Chuck Schumer will oppose Jeff Sessions when his nomination as attorney general comes to a vote	Chuck Schumer will oppose Jeff Sessions when his nomination as AG comes to a vote	1
Donald Trump says privatization will lead to better services for less public money . Many economists disagree .	Trump says privatization will lead to better services for less money. But many economists disagree w/ @realDonaldTrump	1
President Obamas stark options on ISIS arm Syrian Kurds or let Donald Trump decide	Obamas Striking Options on ISIS Arm Syrian Kurds or Let Donald Trump Decide	1
President Obamas stark options on ISIS arm Syrian Kurds or let Donald Trump decide	Obama&rsquo;s Stark Options on ISIS Arm Syrian Kurds or Let Trump Decide	1
President Obamas stark options on ISIS arm Syrian Kurds or let Donald Trump decide	Obama's stark options on ISIS arm Syrian Kurds, and let Trump decide	1
Behold the hyolith , a bizarre creature that looks like a tentacled ice cream cone with a lid	The hyolith is a bizarre creature that looks like a tentacled ice cream cone with a lid	1
C-SPAN says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by Russia Today	C-SPAN'investigating & amp ; troubleshooting'after online feed interrupted by Russia Today	1
C-SPAN says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by Russia Today	C-SPAN'investigating and troubleshooting' after online feed was interrupted by Russia Today	1
C-SPAN says it's " investigating and troubleshooting " after an online feed was interrupted by Russia Today	C-SPAN'Investigating and Troubleshooting'after online feed was interrupted by Russia Today	1
White House press secretary Josh Earnest The " role of journalists in our democracy has never been more important	Role of Journalists in Democracy Has Never Been More Important White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest	1
Retired generals tell Donald Trump not to bring back torture for terrorism suspects	Retired generals urge Trump not to torture terrorism suspects	1
A Nigerian fighter jet misfired , striking refugees and aid workers in Borno , officials say	Nigerian fighter jet misfired, striking refugees and aid workers in Borno" property	1
Congress passed an anti-nepotism law in 1967 . Donald Trump doesn't care .	The anti-nepotism law passed in 1967. Trump Doesnt Care.	1
Angela Merkel or Vladimir Putin ? Donald Trump won't be drawn on who he trusts more	Trump won't be drawn on who he trusts, either Merkel or Putin	1
Angela Merkel or Vladimir Putin ? Donald Trump won't be drawn on who he trusts more	Merkel or Putin? Trump wont be drawn on who he trusts more	1
Angela Merkel or Vladimir Putin ? Donald Trump won't be drawn on who he trusts more	Angela Merkel or Vladimir Putin? Trump wont be drawn on who he trusts more	1
Marco Rubio is back in the thick of things , and possibly getting a chance at revenge	Marco Rubio has a chance at winning revenge. But Marco Rubio is out on the campaign trail	1
Marco Rubio is back in the thick of things , and possibly getting a chance at revenge	Marco Rubio is back in the thick of things possibly get a chance at revenge	1
China , fanning patriotism , adds 6 years to war with Japan in history books	China Fangs Patriotism Adds 6 Years to War With Japan in History Books	1
China , fanning patriotism , adds 6 years to war with Japan in history books	New Chinese patriotism adds 6 years to war w/Japan on History books	1
China , fanning patriotism , adds 6 years to war with Japan in history books	China Fends Patriotism Adds 6 Years to War With Japan in History Books	1
DOJ internal watchdog launches probe of FBI's handling of the investigation into Clinton's private email server	DOJ internal watchdog launches probe into FBI handling of Clinton private email server & amp ; private email server	1
DOJ internal watchdog launches probe of FBI's handling of the investigation into Clinton's private email server	DOJ internal watchdog launches probe of FBI handling of Clinton email probe	1
Vector smart watch startup acquired by Fitbit , as wearable giant expands its team	Fitbit acquires Vector Smart Watch Startup, as wearable giant expands its team	1
Vector smart watch startup acquired by Fitbit , as wearable giant expands its team	Fitbit acquires Vector Smart Watch company as it continues its roll-up	1
WORSE THAN PROSTITUTES Putin slams Trump's political foes for leaking unverified dossier	WORSE THAN PROSTITUTES Putin Slams Trumps Politicos for Leaks Unverified Dossier	1
The fact that Trump so adamantly opposes any inquiry into his Kremlin ties speaks volumes	The fact that Trump so strongly opposes any inquiry into his Kremlin ties speaks volumes The fact that Trump so firmly opposes such an inquiry into his Kremlin ties speaks volumes	1
The news for primates , man's closest animal relatives , is not good Its worse than we thought 10 years ago .	Primates, Man's Closest Animal Relatives, Are Worse Than We Thought 10 Years ago.	1
The news for primates , man's closest animal relatives , is not good Its worse than we thought 10 years ago .	Primates, Mans Closest Animal Relatives, Are Worse Than We Thought 10 Years Ago	1
Eugene Cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82	Gene Cernan, last man to be on the moon, dies at 82.	1
Eugene Cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82	Eugene Cernan, Last Man to Walk on Moon, Dies at 82. He was 82.	1
Lord Snowdon , photographer whose marriage to Princess Margaret captivated the media	Lord Snowdon, photographer whose marriage to Princess Margaret enchanted media	1
President Obama has given the Presidential Medal of Freedom to Joe Biden in a tearful surprise ceremony	Obama presents Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom in tearful surprise	1
Jerry Seinfeld is moving to Netflix and taking " Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee " with him	Jerry Seinfeld Is Moving to Netflix. Will He Take'Comedians in Cars'& amp ; Get Coffee with Him?	1
Jerry Seinfeld is moving to Netflix and taking " Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee " with him	Jerry Seinfeld is moving to Netflix and taking 'Comedians in Cars & amp ; Coffee'with him	1
Jerry Seinfeld is moving to Netflix and taking " Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee " with him	Jerry Seinfeld to Netflix Moves & amp ; Takes Comedy in Cars & amp ; Coffee	1
Jerry Seinfeld is moving to Netflix and taking " Comedians in Cars Getting Coffee " with him	Jerry Seinfeld is moving to Netflix to grab the'Comedians in Cars & amp ; Getting Coffee	1
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him .	Intel Chiefs Presented Trump With Claims of Russian Struggles to Compress Trump	1
Rep. Cedric Richmond being made to testify at the hearing's end is equal to being sent to the back of bus .	Cedric Richmond's hearing to testify at the hearing is'equivalent to being sent back on a bus.'property	1
Worth reading in full . On a very busy news day this may be the most important story .	Read this story in full. On a very busy news day, this may be the most important story.	1
Worth reading in full . On a very busy news day this may be the most important story .	This is a story worth reading in full. This may be the most important story on a busy news day.	1
BREAKING Obama administration balks at federal " Torture Report " preservation order @MiamiHerald	Obama administration balks at Federal'torture report'preservation order miami herald	1
A new museum just opened in Spain . It's 45 feet underwater .	In Spanish, a new museum is opening up at 45 feet underwater.	1
A new museum just opened in Spain . It's 45 feet underwater .	Unusual! New Spanish museum opened. It's 45 feet underwater	1
A new museum just opened in Spain . It's 45 feet underwater .	A new #museum was opened in Spain. It's 45 feet underwater.	1
The audience had no idea Jerry Seinfeld , Amy Schumer , Chris Rock , Aziz Ansari and Dave Chappelle would show	We had no idea Jerry Seinfeld, Amy Schumer, Chris Rock, Aziz Ansari and Dave Chappelle would show.	1
The audience had no idea Jerry Seinfeld , Amy Schumer , Chris Rock , Aziz Ansari and Dave Chappelle would show	How the crowd had no idea Jerry Seinfeld, Amy Schumer, Chris Rock, Aziz Ansari and Dave Chappelle would show!	1
Russia is too big and influential for the U.S. to ignore . So what should we do ?	Russia is too big and influential for the US to ignore. Heres What We Can do.	1
Here's an argument Registered Democrat voters who couldn't be bothered to vote are why Trump won	Registered Democrats who couldn&rsquo;t be bothered to vote are why Trump won	1
Here's an argument Registered Democrat voters who couldn't be bothered to vote are why Trump won	Registered Democratic Voters Who Couldn&rsquo;t Be Bothered to Vote Are Why Trump Won	1
Here's an argument Registered Democrat voters who couldn't be bothered to vote are why Trump won	Registered Democrat voters who couldn't be bothered to vote, are why Trump won.	1
Here's an argument Registered Democrat voters who couldn't be bothered to vote are why Trump won	Registered Democrat voters who couldn't be bothered to vote and why Trump won	1
Here's an argument Registered Democrat voters who couldn't be bothered to vote are why Trump won	Registered Democrat Voters Who Couldn't Be Bothered to Vote Are Why Trump Won	1
Here's an argument Registered Democrat voters who couldn't be bothered to vote are why Trump won	Registered Democrat Voters Who Couldnt Be Bothered to Vote Are Why Trump Won	1
Here's an argument Registered Democrat voters who couldn't be bothered to vote are why Trump won	Registered Democrat Voters who couldn't be bothered to vote are the reason Trump won	1
A complete tour of Trumps worldview , in a single garbled quote	Trumps Worldview, in a Single Fraggled Quote	1
Black Caucus Chair We May Have to ' Kick Somebody's A Over Cops-Pigs Painting Removal	Black Caucus Chair We May Have to'Kick Somebody&rsquo;s A Over Cops-Pigs Painting Removal	1
French far-right leader Marine Le Pen visits Trump Tower , but not Trump	Marine Le Pen in Trump Tower, but Not Trump ', Far-Right Leader.	1
In the case of gay marriage , for me , the political was a personal disaster	Beim Gay Marriage, for Me, the Political Was a Personal Disaster	1
In the case of gay marriage , for me , the political was a personal disaster	The political was my personal disaster. Heres how I felt about gay marriage.	1
Trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . Now he gets to install a team of his own .	Trump, for all his lashing out at the intelligence community, gets to install a team of his own	1
Trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . Now he gets to install a team of his own .	Trump Slams Out at Intel, Gets to Install Team of His Own	1
Trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . Now he gets to install a team of his own .	Trump Speaks Out at Intelligence Community, Now Gets to Install One His Own Team	1
Donald Trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in Russia . In fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .	Donald Trump has denied and denied negotiations in Russia. He has pursued business there since the 1980s.	1
Donald Trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in Russia . In fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .	Trump had'stayed away'from deals in Russia. In fact, since the 80s he sought business there.	1
Watch SpaceX's first launch since its September 2016 rocket explosion here	Watch SpaceXs first launch since its September 2016 rocket explosion	1
Talladega College marching band raises over $600K to attend #DonaldTrumps inauguration .	The #Taladega College Marching Band Raises Over 600K to Attend Trumps Inauguration	1
Talladega College marching band raises over $600K to attend #DonaldTrumps inauguration .	The Talladega College marching band raised more than $600K to attend the inauguration of Donald Trump.	1
Talladega College marching band raises over $600K to attend #DonaldTrumps inauguration .	A marching band from Talladega College will raise $600K to go to Trump's inauguration	1
This just in Chicago Police Routinely Trampled on Civil Rights , Justice Dept .	Chicago Police Routinely Trampled on Civil Rights, Justice Dept	1
You have been my best friend . Obama emotional in addressing wife Michelle .	Obama in emotional address to wife Michelle	1
You have been my best friend . Obama emotional in addressing wife Michelle .	Obama'emotional in addressing wife Michelle. You have been my best friend.	1
Clearly " grabbing a woman by her genitals without consent is sexual assault	We clearly ','grabbing a woman by her genitals without consent'is sexual assault.	1
Donald Trump's inauguration week could well be the most expensive in history	Obviously, Trumps inauguration week could well be the most expensive in history	1
The United Arab Emirates said that 5 of its officials were among those killed in blasts in Afghanistan on Tuesday	5 UNA officials were among those killed in blasts in Afghanistan on Tuesday	1
South Korea is seeking to arrest a Samsung leader for his role in a presidential corruption scandal	South Korea seeks arrest of Samsung leader for role in presidential corruption scandal.	1
A 6-hour workday in a Swedish city made employees happier and healthier but the cost makes it unlikely to stick	With a 6 hour workday in a Swedish city, an employee can be happier and healthier, but the costs are prohibitive.	1
Ambush attack in Jerusalem Police identify truck driver as Palestinian .	Palestinian Truck Driver Targeted in Jerusalem Ambush attack police identify Palestinian	1
Obama on his daughters They don't mope " or get cynical about the election results	Obama says daughters don't mope'or get cynical about election results	1
Monica Crowley decides not to go into the White House after allegations of plagiarism	Monica Crowley rejects White House run after plagiarism allegations	1
So @BoingBoing and others , @DMOberhaus brought this to my attention	So this came to my attention @DMOberhaus @BoingBoing and others	1
If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant	Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer. Now this definitely becomes relevant	1
Fort Lauderdale airport shooting suspect used a gun once seized by police but later returned , law enforcement says	FLA suspect used gun once seized by police but later returned, cops say	1
Fort Lauderdale airport shooting suspect used a gun once seized by police but later returned , law enforcement says	The Fort Lauderdale shooting suspect used a gun he had once seized by police, but later returned, police say	1
8 charts on Obama's pretty solid jobs record . and the challenges Trump will face	8 charts on Obama&rsquo;s pretty solid job record. and the challenges Trump will face.	1
8 charts on Obama's pretty solid jobs record . and the challenges Trump will face	8 charts on Obama&rsquo;s Pretty Solid Jobs Record. And the Challenges Trump Will Face.	1
Golden Globes Briefing What to Watch for at the Golden Globes	Watch The Golden Globes! A Look At How to Prepare for a Golden Globes Watch	1
Mayor quits golf club as members try to block Obama's entry	Mayor quits golf club member try to block Obamas entry	1
Trumps psyche is no great riddle . Hes a study in neediness , writes @NYTimesCohen	How Trumps Psyche Is No Great Roughing. Its a Study in Neediness, Writes @NYTimes Cohen	1
Trumps psyche is no great riddle . Hes a study in neediness , writes @NYTimesCohen	Donald Trumps Psyche Is No Great Rough Dread. Hes a Study in Neediness, writes @NYTimes Cohen	1
Trumps psyche is no great riddle . Hes a study in neediness , writes @NYTimesCohen	New York Times Cohen: Trumps Psyche Is No Great Rough ; Hes a Study in Neediness	1
House expected to follow Senates lead on rush to repeal the Affordable Care Act	House expected to follow Senate on rush to repeal " health care law	1
House expected to follow Senates lead on rush to repeal the Affordable Care Act	The House is expected to follow Senates lead on rush to repeal ACA.	1
Steve Harvey stopped by Trump Tower to discuss federal housing policy with Trump	Steve Harvey stopped by Trump Tower to discuss Federal Housing Policy with @realDonaldTrump	1
Germany's highest court rejected an attempt to ban the National Democratic Party , neo-Nazi party	Germanys highest court rejects attempt to ban Neo-Nazi Party, National Democratic Party	1
Star Wars gibbon ' discovered in tropical forests of China .	Star Wars gibbons'discovered in tropical forests of China.	1
Trump administration could kick press corps out of White House .	Trump administration could kick press corps out of White House" property	1
Trump administration could kick press corps out of White House .	Trump team to take Press Corps Out of White House	1
Trump administration could kick press corps out of White House .	Trump Could Kick Press Corps Out of White House	1
Donald Trump plans to turn over business operations to a trust run by his two sons and an associate	Trump reveals plan to hand business operations over to trust run by two sons and associate	1
Donald Trump plans to turn over business operations to a trust run by his two sons and an associate	Donald Trump to hand businesses to trust managed by his 2 sons and an associate	1
While the incoming president attends inaugural events , a crew of 100 transforms White House for new tenant	As incoming President Accesses to Inaugurations Events, 100 New Tenants Transform White House	1
Chaffetz calls on ethics head to testify day after chief criticized Trump	Chaffetz says ethics head to testify day after chief criticized Trump	1
wont Trumpcare solve all these problems ? Not a chance . Read more from @PaulKrugman	Then you have to read this @PaulKrugman. Will @Trumpcare solve all these problems? Not a Chance	1
Kim Kardashian West came back to social media with a lesson on image control	Kim Kardashian West Comes Back to Social Media With a Lektion on Image Control	1
Since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%	The rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90% since the late 1990s.	1
Orlando , Florida , police officer killed in line of duty identified as Master Sgt .	In Orlando, Florida, an officer was killed while in the line of duty. The officer is identified as a Master Sgt.	1
Orlando , Florida , police officer killed in line of duty identified as Master Sgt .	Orlando Police Officer Killed in Line of Duty Cased as Master Sgt	1
Orlando , Florida , police officer killed in line of duty identified as Master Sgt .	Orlando police officer dies while on duty. In Florida, officer is named as Master Sgt.	1
Republicans call out CBO report claiming 18M uninsured if ObamaCare dismantled	GOP calls out CBO report claiming 18M uninsured if Obamacare dismantled	1
Congratulations to the cast of The Night Manager and their 3 #GoldenGlobes awards	Congrats to the cast of The Night Manager and their 3 Golden Globes!	1
U.S. ambassadors in Asia declare their support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal .	U.S. Ambassadors to Asia : Support for Trans-Pacific Partnership Trade Deal	1
U.S. ambassadors in Asia declare their support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal .	U.S. ambassadors to Asia voice support for Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal	1
Obama would be well advised not to waste time taking issue with others ' ' human rights issue'	Obama Would Be Well Aware Not to Waste Time Taking Issue With Others Human Rights Issue	1
Obama would be well advised not to waste time taking issue with others ' ' human rights issue'	Obama Would Be Well Aware Not to Waste Time Taken issue with Others'" human rights issue ".	1
Bruce Springsteen cover band changes tune , pulls out of #DonaldTrump inaugural event	Bruce Springsteen cover band changes tune, pulls out of inaugural Trump event	1
No one understands our new era of reality-TV populism better than Andy Cohen	A new era of reality-TV populism no one understands this better than Andy Cohen.	1
No one understands our new era of reality-TV populism better than Andy Cohen	Andy Cohen: "The New Era of Reality-TV Populism We're all so used to" The truth is, No one understands reality-TV populism better than Andy Cohen.	1
Santa delivered the drone . But not the safety and skill to fly them .	Santa delivered the drone. But not the safety and skill to fly them. ABOUT & amp ; LOOK AT IT.	1
DNI Clapper issues a rare statement to assure Trump the Intelligence Community didn't leak	DNI Clapper releasing rare statement to assure Trump that Intelligence Community Didnt Leak	1
DNI Clapper issues a rare statement to assure Trump the Intelligence Community didn't leak	DNI Clapper gives rare statement to assure Trump Intelligence Community Didnt Leak.	1
We're going to make some history together Apple marks iPhone's 10th anniversary	In honor of the 10th anniversary of the iPhone, we're going to make some history together.	1
Repeal and Replace Words Still Hanging Over G.O.P.s Health Care Strategy	Repeal & amp ; Replace Words Still Hanging Over G.O.P.s Health Care Strategy	1
Rosie O'Donnell supports ' martial law ' to delay #DonaldTrump's inauguration	Rosie O'Donnell supports martial law to postpone inauguration of Donald Trump	1
Rosie O'Donnell supports ' martial law ' to delay #DonaldTrump's inauguration	Rosie O'Donnell Supports 'Martial Law'to Delay Trump Inauguration	1
Rosie O'Donnell supports ' martial law ' to delay #DonaldTrump's inauguration	Rosie O'Donnell supports 'Martial Law' to defer #Inauguration #DonaldTrumps inauguration.	1
Rosie O'Donnell supports ' martial law ' to delay #DonaldTrump's inauguration	Rosie O'Donnell Supports 'Martial Law'to Delay Donald Trump's Inauguration	1
Rosie O'Donnell supports ' martial law ' to delay #DonaldTrump's inauguration	Rosie O'Donnell Proposes 'Martial Law'to Delay Trump's Inauguration	1
Rosie O'Donnell supports ' martial law ' to delay #DonaldTrump's inauguration	Rosie O'Donnell Supports Martial Law '' to Delay #Trump & amp ; #Inauguration	1
In a city bracing for convulsive change , Reince Priebus has emerged as an unlikely symbol of stability	Reince Priebus Emerges as a Sigh of Hope in a City Bracing for Convulsive Change	1
In a city bracing for convulsive change , Reince Priebus has emerged as an unlikely symbol of stability	A Sense of Balance in a City Bracing for Convulsive Change, Reince Priebus Emerges as a Imperfect Symbol of Stability	1
In a city bracing for convulsive change , Reince Priebus has emerged as an unlikely symbol of stability	Reince Priebus Emerges as a Strange Symbol of Stability in a City Bracing for Convulsive Change	1
We conducted a survey on 29 gun control ideas , looking for the intersection of effectiveness and popularity	We conducted a survey on 29 #guncontrol ideas, looking for the intersection of effectiveness and popularity.	1
Did Barack Obama live up to the foreign policy vision that he brought into office ?	Did Barack Obama Live up to the Foreign Policy Vision He Came to Am?	1
Did Barack Obama live up to the foreign policy vision that he brought into office ?	Barack Obama Live Up to the Foreign Policy Vision He Came to Office With	1
Here's what you need to know about the political career of Tom Price , Trump's health secretary pick	What You Need to Know About the Political Career of Tom Price, Trump&rsquo;s Health Secretary Pick	1
Here's what you need to know about the political career of Tom Price , Trump's health secretary pick	Tom Price: The Politics of Trump&rsquo;s Health Secretary	1
It is alarming to see so blatant a threat of reprisal before Trump even takes office	An alarming sign of a threat of reprisal before Trump even takes office.	1
Betsy DeVos has not been shy about advancing her goals by funding campaigns against her foes	Betsy DeVos Hasnt Been Shy About Defying Her Opponents by Funding Campaigns	1
If you dont like your job , you arent alone . So think beyond salary and promotion when you're picking the next one .	If you don't like your job, youre not alone. Think Beyond Salary and Promotion When Picking the Next One!	1
Ethics Office Warns Confirmations For Trump Nominees Are Moving Too Fast	Ethics Office warns nominees are moving too fast Ethics Office warned Trump nominations are moving too fast	1
San Francisco sued by car-theft victim for allegedly violating its sanctuary city ordinance	San Francisco car-theft victim sued for allegedly violating sanctuary city ordinance	1
San Francisco sued by car-theft victim for allegedly violating its sanctuary city ordinance	San Francisco sues car-theft victim for allegedly violating sanctuary city ordinance.	1
Rusty Patched bumblebee is first bee in continental US to be listed as endangered	Rusty spotted bumblebee listed as endangered for the first time in North America.	1
Top intelligence officials indicate the GOP was also a Russian hacking target	The Republican Party was also a Russian hacking target, according to top intelligence officials.	1
Top intelligence officials indicate the GOP was also a Russian hacking target	Top intelligence officials indicated the Republican Party was also a Russian hacking target	1
Omidyar , Hoffman create $27M research fund for AI in the public interest	Omidyar & amp ; Hoffman create $27M research fund for AI in the public interest	1
Omidyar , Hoffman create $27M research fund for AI in the public interest	Omidyar, Hoffman create $27M research fund for AI in the public&nbsp;interest	1
Rosie O'Donnell , Charlie Sheen cling on to desperate efforts to stop Trump presidency	Rosie O'Donnell and Charlie Sheen hold firm in desperation to stop #Trump's presidency	1
The typical American diet includes far too much added sugar . Can you stay under a healthy limit ?	American Diet With Too Much Sugar - Could You Stay Under a Healthy Limit?	1
The typical American diet includes far too much added sugar . Can you stay under a healthy limit ?	The American Diet Is Overloaded with Sugar. Here's How to Stay Under a Healthy Limit	1
65,000 new streetlights are sending a message in Detroit Its OK to go out after dark	65,000 new streetlights send a message in Detroit It&rsquo;s OK to go out after dark&rsquo;	1
65,000 new streetlights are sending a message in Detroit Its OK to go out after dark	65,000 new street lights send a message to Detroit Its OK to go out after dark. It's OK to go out	1
More ads are coming to Instagram this time through Instagram Stories	Instagrams New Ads Coming This Time Through Instagram Stories	1
More ads are coming to Instagram this time through Instagram Stories	Instagram has been adding new ads to its Instagram Stories content.	1
Sessions was asked if grabbing a woman by genitals is sexual assault , and what happens if a person in office does so	Sessions was asked what would happen if he asked if he got a woman by the genitals? A potential case of sex assault in office	1
The 2020 report was released to the NYT newsroom today . A team of 7 journalists outlined recommendations for change	The report on 2020 emerged today and the team of 7 journalists have outlined recommendations for change in the New York Times newsroom.	1
Senate Republicans took their first major step toward repealing the Affordable Care Act on Thursday	The Senate GOP took their first major step towards repealing the Affordable Care Act on Thursday.	1
People like stuff , but unsustainable sourcing of that stuff has been damaging to Earth . Someone mapped the damage .	People Like Stuff, but Unsustainable Source of That Stuff Has Been Damaged to Earth. Here's a Map	1
I think that's a fair assumption Rex Tillerson answer on whether Putin ordered hacking of US	Tillerson thinks that's a fair assumption on whether Putin ordered hacked of US.	1
App downloads up 15 percent in 2016 , revenue up 40 percent thanks to China	App downloads up 15 percent in 2016,&nbsp;profit up 40% thanks to China	1
UFC's Dana White slams ' uppity 80-year-old lady ' Meryl Streep for MMA remark	UFC's Dana White Slams'Uppity 80-Year-Old Lady Meryl Streep for MMA Slam	1
UFC's Dana White slams ' uppity 80-year-old lady ' Meryl Streep for MMA remark	UFC's Dana White Slams'Uppity 80-Year-Old Lady'Meryl Streep for MMA Slam & amp ;	1
UFC's Dana White slams ' uppity 80-year-old lady ' Meryl Streep for MMA remark	UFC's Dana White Slams'Uppity 80-Year-Old Lady'Meryl Streep for MMA Slam?	1
Newborn kidnapped from Florida hospital 18 years ago found alive in South Carolina .	18 Years Old Baby Abducted From Florida Hospital Found Amenable in South Carolina	1
Newborn kidnapped from Florida hospital 18 years ago found alive in South Carolina .	Suddenly, a baby was abducted from a Florida hospital 18 years ago and found alive in South Carolina.	1
Newborn kidnapped from Florida hospital 18 years ago found alive in South Carolina .	18 years ago, a baby was abducted from Florida Hospital and found alive in South Carolina.	1
Ivanka Trump paid $ 36,000 for a painting he made of one of her Instagram posts . Now he's returning the money .	Trumps Story Ivanka paid $ 36,000 for a painting he made from one of her Instagram posts, Now he's returning the money	1
The notion of mass voter fraud has constantly been disproved , " this is fake news .	The idea of mass voter fraud has repeatedly been disproved : 'This is fake news'@CNNPolitics	1
The notion of mass voter fraud has constantly been disproved , " this is fake news .	The idea of mass voter fraud has constantly been disproved : & amp ; this is fake news.	1
He has her on the ' short list , ' but will Obama free Chelsea Manning ?	Chelsea Manning Is on Obama's Short List, but Will Obama Free her?	1
He has her on the ' short list , ' but will Obama free Chelsea Manning ?	He has her on the'short list,' but will Obama free Chelsea Manning? HILLARY BOYLE 'S ARRANGERS	1
He has her on the ' short list , ' but will Obama free Chelsea Manning ?	He has them on his  Shortlist , but will Obama free Chelsea Manning?	1
To these Trump backers , a report of Russian interference in the election was " sour grapes " coming from " crybabies	With so many Trump supporters, A Report of Russian Intervention in the Election Was " sour grapes " Coming From'crybabies '	1
Donald Trump's approval ratings are historically low . He said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .	Donald Trump's approval ratings historically low and so far his polls are " rigged just like before ".	1
Donald Trump's approval ratings are historically low . He said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .	Trumps approval ratings historically low And he says polls that say so are'rigged just like before	1
Donald Trump's approval ratings are historically low . He said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .	Trumps approval ratings historically low. He said polls that say so are " rigged just like before.	1
Donald Trump's approval ratings are historically low . He said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .	Trumps approval ratings historically low. Its like the polls that say so'are rigged just like before	1
Donald Trump's approval ratings are historically low . He said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .	Trumps approval ratings historically low, says polls that say so are'rigged just like before	1
Donald Trump's approval ratings are historically low . He said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .	Trump's approval ratings are historically low. Trump Says So Polls Are Rigged Just Like Before	1
Our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted .	Our democracy is on the line whenever we take it for granted.	1
Trump attorney general nominee Jeff Sessions is set to face a grilling in Senate hearing	Trump AG Jeff Sessions to Face Grilling in Senate Hearing	1
86% of police officers in a national survey thought their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings	86% of #police officers in national survey said their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings	1
CIA's Brennan warns Trump , says he doesn't ' fully understand ' Russia threat	C.I.A. s Brennan warns Trump, says he doesnt'fully understand'Russia threat	1
Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .	Bernie Sanders on Trump, a Pathological Liar	1
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him	Intel Chiefs Present Trump With Claims of Russian Struggle to Compromish Trump	1
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him	Intel Chiefs Present Claims of Russian Ambitions to Compromise Trump	1
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him	Intel Chiefs Introduced Trump With Claims of Russian Struggles to Compromise	1
The confirmation hearing for Dr. Ben Carson to lead @HUDgov is underway . Read his prepared opening remarks	Read Dr. Carson's prepared opening remarks for OH&rsquo;Confirmation Hearing to Lead HUD&rsquo;Gov	1
The confirmation hearing for Dr. Ben Carson to lead @HUDgov is underway . Read his prepared opening remarks	The confirmation hearing for Dr. Ben Carson to lead #HUD is underway. Read the prepared opening remarks.	1
I will be the greatest jobs producer that God ever created .	I will be the greatest jobs creator that God ever created.	1
Volkswagen said it will plead guilty and pay $4.3 billion to resolve an inquiry into its cheating on emissions tests	VW Will Plead Guilty and Pay $4.3 Billion to Solve Emissions Cheating	1
Volkswagen said it will plead guilty and pay $4.3 billion to resolve an inquiry into its cheating on emissions tests	Volkswagen to Plead Guilty and Paid $4.3 Billion to Solve Emissions Cheating	1
Volkswagen said it will plead guilty and pay $4.3 billion to resolve an inquiry into its cheating on emissions tests	Volkswagen to plead guilty & amp ; pay $4.3 Billion in $4.3 Billion to solve its emissions scandal	1
Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution	Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech&nbsp;revolution	1
Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a fintech revolution	Innovation under the hood will rev the engines of a Fintech&nbsp;Revolution	1
Martin Luther King Jr. life lessons that can prepare Americans for a Trump presidency	Lessons in Martin Luther King Jr. Life that Can Prepare Americans for a Trump Presidency	1
Sen. Jeff Sessions ' confirmation hearing is first up on today's schedule Follow along live	Jeff Sessions' confirmation hearing is first up on today's schedule Watch live	1
Is it O.K. to declare the man about to become president illegitimate ? Yes , it's patriotic .	Is it OK to declare the man about to become president illegitimate? Yes, it's patriotic.	1
Is it O.K. to declare the man about to become president illegitimate ? Yes , it's patriotic .	Is it legitimate to declare a man about to become president illegitimate? Yes, it's patriotic.	1
Is it O.K. to declare the man about to become president illegitimate ? Yes , it's patriotic .	Is it right to declare a man about to become president illegitimate? Yes, it's patriotic.	1
Is it O.K. to declare the man about to become president illegitimate ? Yes , it's patriotic .	Does it make sense to declare the man about to become president illegitimate? Yes, it's patriotic.	1
In a Texas city once home to the Ku Klux Klan , Latino voters won a major voting-rights victory	Latino Voters Win Big Voting Rights Victory in Texas City Once Home to the Ku Klux Klan	1
In a Texas city once home to the Ku Klux Klan , Latino voters won a major voting-rights victory	Texas: Latinos Win Voting Rights Victory in the City That Became the Ku Klux Klan	1
Forward , a $149 per month medical startup , aims to be the Apple Store of doc .	Forward, a medical startup at $149 per month, aims to be the Apple store of doctor.	1
Forward , a $149 per month medical startup , aims to be the Apple Store of doc .	Forward, a medical startup with a salary of $149, aims to be the Apple Store of Docs.	1
Forward , a $149 per month medical startup , aims to be the Apple Store of doc .	Forward, a medical startup that aims to be the Apple Store of Docs per month at $149	1
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper issues statement on Russia reports	National Intelligence Clapper issues statement on Russia reports	1
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper issues statement on Russia reports	Director of National Intelligence James Clapper issues a statement on Russia reports ht	1
Sen. Graham to Sessions I'm pretty sure you're not a closet bigot .	Sen. Graham says to Sessions: 'I'm pretty sure you're not a closet bigot.'" property	1
Sen. Graham to Sessions I'm pretty sure you're not a closet bigot .	Sen. Graham to Sessions: "I'm pretty sure you&rsquo;re not a closet bigot.	1
Sen. Graham to Sessions I'm pretty sure you're not a closet bigot .	Graham to Sessions: 'I'm pretty sure you&rsquo;re not a closet bigot&rsquo;	1
Sen. Graham to Sessions I'm pretty sure you're not a closet bigot .	Graham to Sessions: 'I'm pretty sure you're not a closet bigot'" property	1
Sen. Graham to Sessions I'm pretty sure you're not a closet bigot .	Sen. Graham to Sessions, saying " I'm pretty sure you're not a closet bigot.	1
Putin dismisses claims that Russia secretly monitored Trump as " rubbish	Putin dismisses'rubbish'claims that Russia secretly monitored Trump, he says.	1
Aaron Rodgers Connects With His Hometown , but the Family Huddle Is Broken	Rodgers Connects With Hometown, but Family Huddle Is Broken.	1
Trump says those opposed to better relations with Russia are ' fools	Donald Trump says those opposed to better relations with Russia are'fools.' property	1
Trump says those opposed to better relations with Russia are ' fools	Trump says those opposed to better relations with Russia are'fools'@CNNPolitics	1
Russians mocked the U.S. report that said an " influence campaign " skewed the presidential race	Russians smacked the U.S. report stating that an " influence campaign " skewed the presidential race.	1
Russians mocked the U.S. report that said an " influence campaign " skewed the presidential race	Russians Mock U.S. Report: Russians Starked Influence Campaign ', Skewed Presidential Race	1
Russians mocked the U.S. report that said an " influence campaign " skewed the presidential race	Russia mocks U.S. report that says 'influence campaign'skewed presidential race	1
