sentence	paraphrase	mi
The creator of Atari has launched a new VR company called Modal VR	The creator of Atari launched a new VR company, Modal.	1
Simulation suggests @ESA Schiaparelli lands on Mars	Simulation suggest #ESA Schiaparelli Lands on Mars	1
Simulation suggests @ESA Schiaparelli lands on Mars	Simulation suggests #ESA Schiaparelli land on Mars	1
Simulation suggests @ESA Schiaparelli lands on Mars	Simulation suggests @ESA Schiaparelli land on Mars	1
Simulation suggests @ESA Schiaparelli lands on Mars	Simulation suggests @ESA Schiaparelli lands on Mars.	1
Simulation suggests @ESA Schiaparelli lands on Mars	Simulation suggests #ESA Schiaparelli Lands on Mars	1
Simulation suggests @ESA Schiaparelli lands on Mars	Simulation suggests @ESA Schiaparelli lands on Mars!	1
Simulation suggests @ESA Schiaparelli lands on Mars	Simulation suggests #ESA Schiaparelli lands on Mars	1
Simulation suggests @ESA Schiaparelli lands on Mars	A simulation suggests @ESA Schiaparelli lands on Mars	1
Simulation suggests @ESA Schiaparelli lands on Mars	Simulation suggests #ESA Schiaparelli lands on Mars.	1
Donald Trump intensifies his claim the presidential campaign is " rigged " against him	Donald Trump intensifies his claim the presidential campaign is'rigged'against him	1
Donald Trump intensifies his claim the presidential campaign is " rigged " against him	Donald Trump intensifies his claim that the presidential campaign is'rigged'against him	1
Donald Trump intensifies his claim the presidential campaign is " rigged " against him	Trump intensifies his claim that the presidential campaign is'rigged'against him	1
Wall Street dealmaker says professor took him for a ride	Wall Street dealmaker says professor took him for a ride.	1
Wall Street dealmaker says professor took him for a ride	Wall Street dealmaker says professor took him for ride	1
Wall Street dealmaker says professor took him for a ride	A Wall Street dealmaker says a professor took him for a ride	1
Wall Street dealmaker says professor took him for a ride	Wall Street Dealmaker says prof took him for a ride	1
Wall Street dealmaker says professor took him for a ride	A Wall Street dealmaker says a professor took him for a ride.	1
A complete and updated list of all the sexual assault allegations against Donald Trump	UPDATED: A Complete List of All the Sexual Assault Allegations Against Donald Trump	1
The surprisingly thrilling beauty of a chess game with randomly placed pieces	The surprisingly thrilling beauty of a chess game with randomly placed pieces.	1
Donald Trump on his accuser Take a look at her . I don't think so	Trump on the accuser Take a look at her. I don't think so	1
Donald Trump on his accuser Take a look at her . I don't think so	Trump on accuser Take a look at her. I don't think so	1
Donald Trump on his accuser Take a look at her . I don't think so	Trump on Accuser Take a Look at Her. I don't think so	1
I would have to be a moron " to say some cities won't rig the election	I would have to be a moron'to say some cities won't rig the election	1
Teaching seventh graders in a " total mess " of an election season	Teaching 7th graders in a Total Mess of the Election Season	1
Teaching seventh graders in a " total mess " of an election season	Teaching 7th graders a " total mess " of election season	1
Teaching seventh graders in a " total mess " of an election season	Teaching 7th Graders in a Total Mess of an Election Season	1
Teaching seventh graders in a " total mess " of an election season	Teaching 7th graders in the " total mess " of election season	1
Teaching seventh graders in a " total mess " of an election season	Teaching 7th Graders in a Total Mess of the Election Season	1
Teaching seventh graders in a " total mess " of an election season	Teaching 7th graders in a Total Mess of an Election Season	1
Teaching seventh graders in a " total mess " of an election season	Teaching 7th Graders a Total Mess of an Election Season	1
Teaching seventh graders in a " total mess " of an election season	Teaching 7th graders in a Total Mess of Election Season	1
Teaching seventh graders in a " total mess " of an election season	Teaching 7th graders the " total mess " of an election season	1
Teaching seventh graders in a " total mess " of an election season	Teaching 7th graders the complete mess of an election season	1
Teaching seventh graders in a " total mess " of an election season	Teaching 7th graders the " total mess " of election season	1
Scientists plan to create ' Asgardia ' nation state in space	Scientists plan to create'Asgardia'nation state in space	1
Scientists plan to create ' Asgardia ' nation state in space	scientists plan to create'Asgardia' nation state in space	1
Scientists plan to create ' Asgardia ' nation state in space	Scientists set to create'Asgardia'nation state in space	1
Scientists plan to create ' Asgardia ' nation state in space	Scientists plan to create'Asgardia'Nation State in space	1
Scientists plan to create ' Asgardia ' nation state in space	Scientists have plans to create'Asgardia'nation in space	1
Scientists plan to create ' Asgardia ' nation state in space	Scientists want to create'Asgardia'nation in space	1
Scientists plan to create ' Asgardia ' nation state in space	Scientists are planning to create'Asgardia'nation state in space	1
Scientists plan to create ' Asgardia ' nation state in space	Scientists set to create'Asgardia'Nation State in space	1
Scientists plan to create ' Asgardia ' nation state in space	Scientists are trying to create an'Asgardia'nation state in space	1
Ohio's Secretary of State I can reassure Trump the election in my state will not be rigged	Ohio Secretary of State: I can reassure Trump the election in my state won't be rigged	1
Ohio's Secretary of State I can reassure Trump the election in my state will not be rigged	Ohio Secretary of State " I can reassure Trump the election in my state will not be rigged	1
Children in Calais Jungle to arrive in UK ' in days	Children in Calais Jungle to arrive in UK'within days	1
Children in Calais Jungle to arrive in UK ' in days	Children in Calais Jungle to arrive in UK'in days	1
Children in Calais Jungle to arrive in UK ' in days	Children in Calais Jungle to Arrive in UK'in Days	1
Children in Calais Jungle to arrive in UK ' in days	Calais Jungle Children to Arrive in UK'in Days	1
Children in Calais Jungle to arrive in UK ' in days	Children in Calais Jungle to Arrive in UK'in days	1
This is incredibly , incredibly dangerous .	This is incredibly dangerous, incredibly dangerous.	1
This is incredibly , incredibly dangerous .	This is incredibly dangerous.	1
This is incredibly , incredibly dangerous .	This is incredible, extremely dangerous.	1
This is incredibly , incredibly dangerous .	This is incredibly dangerous, incredibly.	1
Investigators for a lender in China take photos of potential borrowers at work to confirm employment status	Investigators for a Chinese lender take photos of potential borrowers at work to confirm employment status	1
Investigators for a lender in China take photos of potential borrowers at work to confirm employment status	Investigators for a China-based lender take photos of potential borrowers at work to confirm employment status.	1
One of Trumps " African Americans " in Illinois is messing up the L.A. Times ' polling	One of Trumps'African Americans'in Illinois is messing up L.A. Times'polling	1
One of Trumps " African Americans " in Illinois is messing up the L.A. Times ' polling	One of Trumps " African Americans " in Illinois is messing up L.A. Times' polling	1
One of Trumps " African Americans " in Illinois is messing up the L.A. Times ' polling	One of Trumps " African Americans " in Illinois is messing up L.A. Times'polling	1
This is the ugliest house on the face of the earth	This is the ugliest house on the face of the earth.	1
Slate EVISCERATES Keith Olbermann and our vogue for snide monologues in EPIC RANT	Slate EVISCERATES Keith Olbermann and Our Vogue for Snide Monologues in the EPIC RANT	1
Slate EVISCERATES Keith Olbermann and our vogue for snide monologues in EPIC RANT	Slate EVISCERATES Keith Olbermann and Our Vogue for Snide Monologues in an EPIC RANT.	1
Slate EVISCERATES Keith Olbermann and our vogue for snide monologues in EPIC RANT	Slate EVISCERATES Keith Olbermann and Our Vogue for Snide Monologues in an EPIC RANT	1
Slate EVISCERATES Keith Olbermann and our vogue for snide monologues in EPIC RANT	Slate EVISCERATES Keith Olbermann and Our Vogue for Snide Monologues in The EPIC RANT	1
Slate EVISCERATES Keith Olbermann and our vogue for snide monologues in EPIC RANT	Slate VISCERATES Keith Olbermann and Our Vogue for Snide Monologues in the EPIC RANT	1
Slate EVISCERATES Keith Olbermann and our vogue for snide monologues in EPIC RANT	Slate EVISCERATES Keith Olbermann and Our Vogue for Snide Monologues in The EPIC RANT.	1
It's an archaeological mystery How did Roman coins end up in the ruins of a 12th-century castle in Okinawa , Japan ?	Its an archaeological mystery How did Roman coins end up in the ruins of a 12th-century castle in Okinawa, Japan?	1
It's an archaeological mystery How did Roman coins end up in the ruins of a 12th-century castle in Okinawa , Japan ?	An Archaeology Mystery How Did Roman Coins End Up In The Ruins of a 12th-Century Castle in Okinawa, Japan?	1
It's an archaeological mystery How did Roman coins end up in the ruins of a 12th-century castle in Okinawa , Japan ?	It's an archaeological mystery How did Roman coins end up in the ruins of a 12th-century castle in Okinawa, Japan?	1
It's an archaeological mystery How did Roman coins end up in the ruins of a 12th-century castle in Okinawa , Japan ?	This story is an archaeological mystery. How did Roman coins end up in the ruins of a 12th-century castle in Okinawa, Japan?	1
It's an archaeological mystery How did Roman coins end up in the ruins of a 12th-century castle in Okinawa , Japan ?	An archaeological mystery How did Roman coins end up in the ruins of a 12th-century castle in Okinawa, Japan?	1
This is so past the bounds of normal or acceptable .	This is so far beyond normal or acceptable limits.	1
This is so past the bounds of normal or acceptable .	This is so beyond the normal or acceptable limits.	1
This is so past the bounds of normal or acceptable .	This is beyond the bounds of normal or acceptable.	1
This is so past the bounds of normal or acceptable .	This is so beyond the bounds of normal or acceptable.	1
This is so past the bounds of normal or acceptable .	This is so far beyond the bounds of normal or acceptable.	1
This is so past the bounds of normal or acceptable .	This is so beyond the limits of normal or acceptable.	1
This is so past the bounds of normal or acceptable .	This is so far beyond the normal or acceptable limits.	1
This is so past the bounds of normal or acceptable .	This is so beyond the boundaries of normal or acceptable.	1
This is so past the bounds of normal or acceptable .	This is so far past the normal or acceptable limits.	1
This is so past the bounds of normal or acceptable .	This is so far beyond the limits of normal or acceptable.	1
This is so past the bounds of normal or acceptable .	This is so far beyond the boundaries of normal or acceptable.	1
This is so past the bounds of normal or acceptable .	This is so far beyond the normal or acceptable boundaries.	1
This is so past the bounds of normal or acceptable .	This is so beyond the normal or acceptable boundaries.	1
DONALD TRUMP WILL PROTECT YOU . HE IS THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN .	DONALD TRUMP WILL PROTECT YOU. HE IS THE ONLY ONE WHO CAN.	1
One of the separated twins , Jadon , is out of surgery and reunited with his parents	One of the separated twins, Jadon, is out of surgery and reunited with his parents	1
One of the separated twins , Jadon , is out of surgery and reunited with his parents	Jadon, an separated twin brother, is out of surgery and reunited with his parents	1
A small faction of Hindu nationalists have become some of Donald Trumps most passionate followers	A small group of Hindu nationalists have become some of Trumps most passionate followers.	1
This week , Trump supporters have settled on a new target the news media	This week, Trump supporters have settled on a new target for the news media	1
This week , Trump supporters have settled on a new target the news media	This week, Trump supporters settled on a new target for the news media	1
This week , Trump supporters have settled on a new target the news media	Trump supporters settle on a new target for news media this week,	1
This week , Trump supporters have settled on a new target the news media	This week, Trump supporters have settled on a new target the news media	1
This week , Trump supporters have settled on a new target the news media	Trump supporters settled on a new target the news media this week.	1
This week , Trump supporters have settled on a new target the news media	This week, Trump supporters have settled on a new target : the news media	1
This is un-American , full stop .	This is un-American, totally stop	1
This is un-American , full stop .	This is un-American, full stop.	1
Rush Limbaugh complains about nonconsensual sex aka rape being called rape	Rush Limbaugh complains about nonconsensual sex being called rape	1
Rush Limbaugh complains about nonconsensual sex aka rape being called rape	Rush Limbaugh complains about nonconsensual sex being called rape.	1
Rush Limbaugh complains about nonconsensual sex aka rape being called rape	Rush Limbaugh complains about non-consensual sex being called rape	1
BMW's motorcycle of the future doesn't require a helmet	BMW's Motorcycle of the Future Doesn't Need a Helmet.	1
Hacked email appears to show Donna Brazile fed Clinton campaign a town hall question	Hacked Email Shows Donna Brazile Fed Clinton Campaign a Town Hall Question	1
Hacked email appears to show Donna Brazile fed Clinton campaign a town hall question	Hacked email appears to show Donna Brazile fed Clinton campaign a town hall question.	1
Hacked email appears to show Donna Brazile fed Clinton campaign a town hall question	Hacked Email Appears to Show That Donna Brazile Fed Clinton Campaign a Town Hall Question	1
Why America's wild horse program is in crisis	Why Americas Wild Horse Program Is in Crisis	1
Why America's wild horse program is in crisis	Why America's Wild Horse Program Is in Crisis.	1
Watch Donald Trump call Paula Jones " a loser " in 1998	Watch Donald Trump Call Paula Jones'a Loser'in 1998.	1
Watch Donald Trump call Paula Jones " a loser " in 1998	Watch Trump Call Paula Jones a Loser In 1998	1
Watch Donald Trump call Paula Jones " a loser " in 1998	Watch Trump Call Paula Jones a Loser in 1998	1
Watch Donald Trump call Paula Jones " a loser " in 1998	Watch Donald Trump Call Paula Jones a Loser In 1998	1
Watch Donald Trump call Paula Jones " a loser " in 1998	Watch Donald Trump Call Paula Jones'a Loser'in 1998	1
Watch Donald Trump call Paula Jones " a loser " in 1998	Watch Donald Trump Call Paula Jones a Loser in 1998	1
Watch Donald Trump call Paula Jones " a loser " in 1998	Watch Donald Trump Call Paula Jones a Loser in 1998.	1
Three accused of plot to bomb Somalis at Kansas mosque	3 accused of plot to bomb Somalis at Kansas mosque	1
Hillary Clinton has a power that no man can take away	Hillary Clinton has a power that no one can take away.	1
Hillary Clinton has a power that no man can take away	Hillary Clinton has a power that no one can take away	1
The professor wore a hijab in solidarity . Then she lost her job .	The Professor Wore a Hijab in Solidarity, Then Lost Her Job	1
The professor wore a hijab in solidarity . Then she lost her job .	A Professor Wore a Hijab in Solidarity, Then Lost Her Job	1
The professor wore a hijab in solidarity . Then she lost her job .	Then the Professor Wore a Hijab in Solidarity and Lost Her Job	1
16 innovations making a difference for poor communities around the world	16 great innovations that can make a real difference for poor communities around the world	1
16 innovations making a difference for poor communities around the world	16 Innovations Make a Difference for Poor Communities Around the World	1
Billionaire tech investors support divisive plan to ban San Franciscos homeless camps	Billionaire tech investors support divisive plan to ban San Francisco's homeless camps	1
A look at the rapid decline of NJ Transit , one of the nation's busiest commuter railroads	A look at the rapid decline of New Jersey Transit, one of the nation's busiest commuter railroads	1
Why the Republican Party will be lily-white for decades to come	Why the Republican Party Will Be Lily-White for Years to Come	1
Why the Republican Party will be lily-white for decades to come	Why the Republican Party Will Be Lily-White for Decades to Come.	1
Early voting could hand the election to Hillary Clinton well before November 8	Early Voting Could Hand Election to Hillary Clinton Well Before Nov 8	1
Early voting could hand the election to Hillary Clinton well before November 8	Early Voting Could Hand Election To Hillary Clinton Well Before Nov. 8	1
Watch our new series Bitcoin and the Blockchain	Watch our new series on Bitcoin and the Blockchain	1
ShotTracker raises $5M in seed funding from Magic Johnson to bring real-time analytics to NBA teams	ShotTracker raises $5M in seed funding from Magic Johnson to bring real-time analytics to NBA teams.	1
ShotTracker raises $5M in seed funding from Magic Johnson to bring real-time analytics to NBA teams	ShotTracker raised $5M in seed funding from Magic Johnson to bring real-time analytics to NBA Teams	1
ShotTracker raises $5M in seed funding from Magic Johnson to bring real-time analytics to NBA teams	ShotTracker raises $5 million in seed funding from Magic Johnson to bring real-time analytics to NBA teams	1
Donald Trump is finally being held accountable , and it makes him furious	Donald Trump Is Finally Being Held Account, and It Makes Him Furious	1
Donald Trump is finally being held accountable , and it makes him furious	Trump is finally being held accountable, and it makes him furious.	1
Donald Trump is finally being held accountable , and it makes him furious	Donald Trump Is Finally Being Held Responsible, and It Makes Him Furious	1
Donald Trump is finally being held accountable , and it makes him furious	Trump is finally being held accountable and it makes him furious.	1
Donald Trump is finally being held accountable , and it makes him furious	Trump is finally being held accountable, and it makes him furious	1
Donald Trump is finally being held accountable , and it makes him furious	Donald Trump Is Finally Held Account, and It Makes Him Furious	1
Donald Trump is finally being held accountable , and it makes him furious	Trump finally being held accountable, and it makes him furious	1
Giuliani on Trump allegations I've never seen him do anything remotely close to that	Giuliana Giuliani on Trump claims : "I have never seen him do anything remotely close to that	1
Giuliani on Trump allegations I've never seen him do anything remotely close to that	Giuliani on Trump allegations I've never seen him do anything remotely close to that Giuliani	1
Donald Trump said Paul Ryan's refusal to support his candidacy was part of a " sinister deal going on	Donald Trump says Ryan's refusal to support him was part of a'sinister deal'going on	1
Donald Trump said Paul Ryan's refusal to support his candidacy was part of a " sinister deal going on	Donald Trump says Ryan's refusal to support his candidacy was part of a'sinister deal'going on	1
We should have been ready for this , and we weren't .	We should have been prepared for this, and we weren't.	1
We should have been ready for this , and we weren't .	We should have been ready for this, and we weren't.	1
We should have been ready for this , and we weren't .	We should have been ready for this and we weren't.	1
We should have been ready for this , and we weren't .	Should have been ready for this, and we weren't.	1
I've never heard anything that could be described as an assault , or any crime . Not even close . On locker rooms	I've never heard anything that could be described as an assault. or any crime. Not even close. On locker rooms!	1
I've never heard anything that could be described as an assault , or any crime . Not even close . On locker rooms	I've never heard anything that could be described as an assault, or any crime. Not even close. On locker rooms	1
Democratic campaign bus dumps sewage into Georgia storm drain , police say	The Democratic campaign bus dumping sewage into Georgia's storm drain, police say.	1
Mario Batali will prepare the Obamas last state dinner	Mario Batali will prepare Obamas last state dinner	1
Mario Batali will prepare the Obamas last state dinner	Mario Batali prepares Obamas last state dinner	1
ISIS's propaganda operations have dropped off drastically , a study found	ISIS' propaganda efforts have dropped drastically, study finds	1
ISIS's propaganda operations have dropped off drastically , a study found	ISIS propaganda operations have dropped sharply, study found	1
Tribes protesting Dakota Access pipeline dig in as tensions rise	Tribes opposing Dakota Access pipeline dig in as tensions rise	1
Judge rejects riot charge against Amy Goodman of " Democracy Now " over pipeline protest	Judge Rejects riot charge Against Amy Goodman of Democracy Now over pipeline protest	1
Judge rejects riot charge against Amy Goodman of " Democracy Now " over pipeline protest	Judge Rejects Riot Charge Against Amy Goodman of Democracy Now Over Pipeline Protest	1
Judge rejects riot charge against Amy Goodman of " Democracy Now " over pipeline protest	Judge rejects riot charge against Amy Goodman of Democracy Now for pipeline protest	1
Trump needed a viral moment to drown out his embarrassment from 2005 . So he tried to bring back 1998 .	Trump needed a viral moment to drown out his embarrassment from 2005. So he tried to bring back 1998.	1
Trump needed a viral moment to drown out his embarrassment from 2005 . So he tried to bring back 1998 .	Trump needed a viral moment to drown out his embarrassment from 2005. So, he tried to bring back 1998	1
Trump needed a viral moment to drown out his embarrassment from 2005 . So he tried to bring back 1998 .	Trump needed a viral moment to drown out his 2005 embarrassment. So he tried to bring back 1998.	1
Trump needed a viral moment to drown out his embarrassment from 2005 . So he tried to bring back 1998 .	Donald Trump Needs a Viral Moment To drown out his embarrassment From 2005. So He Tried to Bring Back 1998.	1
Trump needed a viral moment to drown out his embarrassment from 2005 . So he tried to bring back 1998 .	When Trump needed a viral moment to drown out his 2005 embarrassment, he tried to bring back 1998	1
Trump needed a viral moment to drown out his embarrassment from 2005 . So he tried to bring back 1998 .	President-elect Donald Trump needed a viral moment to drown out his embarrassment from 2005. He tried to bring back 1998.	1
Giuliani said he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero . Here are photos of them together	Giuliani says he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero. Here are photos of them together.	1
Giuliani said he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero . Here are photos of them together	Giuliani said he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero. Here are photos of them together	1
Giuliani said he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero . Here are photos of them together	Giuliani says he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero. Here are photos of them there together	1
Giuliani said he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero . Here are photos of them together	Giuliani says he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero. Here are photos of them together	1
Giuliani said he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero . Here are photos of them together	Giuliani said he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero. Here are photos of them there together	1
Billionaire tech investors support divisive plan to ban San Francisco's homeless camps	Millionaire tech investors support divisive plan to ban San Francisco homeless camps	1
There are 10 times more galaxies in our universe than we'd estimated , NASA says	There are 10 times more galaxies in our universe than we'd estimated NASA.	1
There are 10 times more galaxies in our universe than we'd estimated , NASA says	There are 10 times more galaxies in our universe than we'd estimated, NASA Says	1
Teaching and learning language is vastly different than it was a generation ago	Teaching and learning language is vastly different than it was a generation ago.	1
Teaching and learning language is vastly different than it was a generation ago	Teaching and learning a language is vastly different than it was a generation ago.	1
How " The Birth of a Nation " silences black women	How'The Birth of a Nation'Silences Black Women	1
Federal judge excoriates Floridas " obscene " " undeclared war " on voting rights .	Federal judge excoriates Florida's'obscene'' undeclared war'on voting rights	1
Federal judge excoriates Floridas " obscene " " undeclared war " on voting rights .	Federal Judge Excoriates Floridas'obscene'' undeclared war'on voting rights	1
Al Gore reminds Floridians Your vote really , really , really counts	Al Gore reminds Floridans: Your vote really, really, really counts	1
After years of legal wrangling , Adolf Hitler's birth house in Austria will be demolished	Adolf Hitler's birth house in Austria will be demolished after years of legal wrangling.	1
After years of legal wrangling , Adolf Hitler's birth house in Austria will be demolished	After years of legal wrangling, Adolf Hitler's birth house in Austria will be demolished.	1
After years of legal wrangling , Adolf Hitler's birth house in Austria will be demolished	After years of legal wrangling, Hitlers birth house will be demolished in Austria.	1
After years of legal wrangling , Adolf Hitler's birth house in Austria will be demolished	After years of legal wrangling, Hitler's birth house in Austria will be demolished	1
After years of legal wrangling , Adolf Hitler's birth house in Austria will be demolished	Hitlers birth house in Austria will be demolished after years of legal wrangling.	1
Hi @KatrinaPierson , the aircraft types you mentioned all did operate into New York City .	Hi @KatrinaPierson, the aircraft types you mentioned all did operate into New York City.	1
Hi @KatrinaPierson , the aircraft types you mentioned all did operate into New York City .	Hi @KatrinaPierson, the aircraft types you mentioned did all operate into New York City.	1
Hi @KatrinaPierson , the aircraft types you mentioned all did operate into New York City .	Hi @KatrinaPierson, the aircraft types you mentioned all worked in New York City.	1
Hi @KatrinaPierson , the aircraft types you mentioned all did operate into New York City .	Hi @KatrinaPierson, the types of aircraft you mentioned all did operate into New York City.	1
Hi @KatrinaPierson , the aircraft types you mentioned all did operate into New York City .	Hi @KatrinaPierson, the aircraft types you mentioned all operated into New York City.	1
Could Michelle Obama be the Clinton surrogate who finishes off Trump ?	Could Michelle Obama be the Clinton surrogate who finishes off Trump?	1
Could Michelle Obama be the Clinton surrogate who finishes off Trump ?	Could Michelle Obama be the Clinton surrogate that finishes off Trump?	1
Could Michelle Obama be the Clinton surrogate who finishes off Trump ?	Michelle Obama Could Be the Clinton Surrogate Who Finishes Off Trump	1
Imagine if Hillary Clinton had done these 26 things	Imagine if Hillary Clinton did these 26 things.	1
Imagine if Hillary Clinton had done these 26 things	Imagine if Hillary Clinton had done these 26 things.	1
As a refugee , once you see that your talent is useful and needed , you get a sense that you can keep going	As a refugee, once you see that your talent is useful and needed, you get a sense that you can keep on moving.	1
As a refugee , once you see that your talent is useful and needed , you get a sense that you can keep going	As a refugee, once you see that your talent is useful and needed, you get a sense that you can keep going	1
As a refugee , once you see that your talent is useful and needed , you get a sense that you can keep going	As a refugee, once you see that your talent is useful and needed, you get a sense that you can keep going.	1
As a refugee , once you see that your talent is useful and needed , you get a sense that you can keep going	As a refugee, when you see that your talent is useful and needed, you get a sense that you can keep going.	1
As a refugee , once you see that your talent is useful and needed , you get a sense that you can keep going	As a refugee, when you see that your talent is useful and needed, you get a sense that you can keep going	1
Worries over the health of King Bhumibol Adulyadej are shaking Thailand	Worries Over King Bhumibol Adulyadej's Health Shake Thailand	1
Apple may ditch traditional USB ports on the MacBook Pro	Apple is rumoured to ditch traditional USB ports on the MacBook Pro.	1
Lets just say it Trump sounds more and more like Hitler .	Lets just say it Trump sounds more and more like Hitler	1
Lets just say it Trump sounds more and more like Hitler .	Let's just say it, Trump sounds more and more like Hitler.	1
The Trump name is so toxic that his company is now planning hotels without it	The Trump name is so toxic that his company is now planning hotels without him.	1
The Trump name is so toxic that his company is now planning hotels without it	The Trump name is so toxic that his company is now planning hotels without it!	1
The Trump name is so toxic that his company is now planning hotels without it	The Trump name is so toxic that his company is now planning hotels without the name.	1
The Trump name is so toxic that his company is now planning hotels without it	Trump Name Is So Toxic That His Company Is Now Planning Hotels Without His Name	1
Ruth Bader Ginsburgs Kaepernick comments spell the end of the Notorious RBG myth	Ruth Bader Ginsburgs Kaepernick comments end the notorious RBG myth	1
Ruth Bader Ginsburgs Kaepernick comments spell the end of the Notorious RBG myth	Ruth Bader Ginsburgs Kaepernick Comments End the Notorious RBG Myth	1
Obama says US is partnering with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s .	Obama Says US Is partnering with Private Firms to Send Humans to Mars By 2030s	1
Obama says US is partnering with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s .	Obama says US is partnering with private companies to send humans to Mars by 2030s.	1
Obama says US is partnering with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s .	Obama: US is partnering with private companies to send humans to Mars by the 2030s	1
Obama says US is partnering with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s .	Obama says the US is partnering with private companies to send humans to Mars by the 2030s.	1
Obama says US is partnering with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s .	Obama says US is partnering with private companies to send humans to Mars by the 2030s.	1
Family Guy does a version of Trump's bus chat with Peter Griffin	Family Guy does a version of Trump's bus chat with Peter Griffin.	1
Family Guy does a version of Trump's bus chat with Peter Griffin	Family Guy is doing a version of Trump's bus chat with Peter Griffin	1
Family Guy does a version of Trump's bus chat with Peter Griffin	Family Guy doing a version of Trump's bus chat with Peter Griffin	1
Family Guy does a version of Trump's bus chat with Peter Griffin	Family Guy makes a version of Trump's bus chat with Peter Griffin	1
Watch the Disney Accelerator Demo Day here	Watch Disney Accelerator Demo Day here!	1
Watch the Disney Accelerator Demo Day here	Watch the Disney Accelerator Demo Day here!	1
Republicans seem unable to censure Trump without invoking female spouses and especially offspring	Republicans seem unable to censure Trump without invoking female spouses, especially offspring.	1
Comcast hit with FCC's biggest cable fine ever	Comcast is hit with the biggest cable fine ever by FCC	1
In the past week , the first woman in America to be a major party's presidential nominee was barely heard from	In the past week, the first woman in America to be a major party's presidential nominee was barely heard from.	1
In the past week , the first woman in America to be a major party's presidential nominee was barely heard from	In the past week, the first woman in America to be a major party's presidential nominee was barely heard from	1
In the past week , the first woman in America to be a major party's presidential nominee was barely heard from	In the past week, the first woman in America to be a major party presidential nominee was barely heard from	1
This is the darkest , most devastating Pixar short of all time	This is the darkest, most devastating Pixar short of all time.	1
This is the darkest , most devastating Pixar short of all time	This is the darkest, most devastating Pixar short of all time	1
These women have accused Trump of sexual harassment	These women have accused Trump of sexual harassment.	1
Cards Against Humanity funded this amazing anti-Trump billboard	card against humanity funded this amazing anti-Trump billboard	1
Cards Against Humanity funded this amazing anti-Trump billboard	Cards Against Humanity funded this awesome anti-Trump billboard	1
Cards Against Humanity funded this amazing anti-Trump billboard	Cards Against Humanity funded a incredible anti-Trump billboard.	1
Cards Against Humanity funded this amazing anti-Trump billboard	Cards Against Humanity sponsored this amazing anti-Trump billboard	1
Erick Erickson on how the GOP can win back trust	Erickson on how the GOP can win back trust	1
Erick Erickson on how the GOP can win back trust	Erickson: How the GOP can win back trust	1
Erick Erickson on how the GOP can win back trust	Erick Erickson on how GOP can win back trust	1
Erick Erickson on how the GOP can win back trust	Erick Erickson: The GOP can win back trust	1
Erick Erickson on how the GOP can win back trust	Erick Erickson: How the GOP can win back trust	1
Erick Erickson on how the GOP can win back trust	Erickson on how the GOP can win back trust.	1
Erick Erickson on how the GOP can win back trust	Erick Erickson on how the GOP can win back trust.	1
A tear for a clown Ronald McDonald to limit appearances after clown scares	A tear for clown Ronald McDonald to limit appearances after clown scares	1
Are the secret algorithms behind criminal risk scores really making US justice fairer ?	Are the secret algorithms behind criminal risk scores really making US justice fairer?	1
Are the secret algorithms behind criminal risk scores really making US justice fairer ?	Are the Secret algorithms behind the criminal risk scores really making US justice fairer?	1
These ' ugly ' fruit and veggie emoji will get you talking about food waste	These'ugly'fruit and veggie emojis will get you talking about food waste	1
These ' ugly ' fruit and veggie emoji will get you talking about food waste	Those'ugly'fruit and veggie emojis will have you talking about food waste	1
Melania Trump on the women accusing Donald Trump of assault They don't have any facts	Melania Trump on Women Accusing Donald Trump Of Assault They don't have any facts	1
Melania Trump on the women accusing Donald Trump of assault They don't have any facts	Melania Trump on the women accusing Trump of assault They don't have any facts	1
Melania Trump on the women accusing Donald Trump of assault They don't have any facts	Melania Trump on the women accusing Trump of assault they don't have any facts	1
Melania Trump on the women accusing Donald Trump of assault They don't have any facts	Melania Trump on the women accusing Trump of assaulting. They don't have any facts.	1
Melania Trump on the women accusing Donald Trump of assault They don't have any facts	Melania Trump on the women accusing Trump of assault. These women don't have any facts.	1
Melania Trump on the women accusing Donald Trump of assault They don't have any facts	Melania Trump on the women accusing Donald Trump of assault. They don't have any facts.	1
Melania Trump on the women accusing Donald Trump of assault They don't have any facts	Melania Trump on the women accusing Donald Trump of assault They don't have any facts.	1
Twitter is said to be in continued talks with Salesforce	Twitter is said to be in talks with Salesforce.	1
Twitter is said to be in continued talks with Salesforce	Twitter said to be in talks with Salesforce.	1
Her 12-year-old cat had arthritis , so she turned to an unlikely source	Her 12-Year-Old Cat Had Arthritis, so She Turned to an Unthinkable Source	1
Her 12-year-old cat had arthritis , so she turned to an unlikely source	Her 12-Year-Old Cat Had Arthritis, so She Turned to an Unlikely Source	1
The house where Adolf Hitler was born is set to be demolished	The house where Adolf Hitler was born is to be demolished	1
Donald Trump Jr. ' s joke about Aurora theater shooting sparks anger in Colorado	Donald Trump Jr.'s joke about Aurora theater shooting sparks anger in Colorado	1
Donald Trump Jr. ' s joke about Aurora theater shooting sparks anger in Colorado	Trump Jr.'s joke about Aurora theater shooting sparks anger in Colorado.	1
Donald Trump Jr. ' s joke about Aurora theater shooting sparks anger in Colorado	Trump Jr. joke about Aurora theater shooting sparks anger in Colorado.	1
Donald Trump Jr. ' s joke about Aurora theater shooting sparks anger in Colorado	Trump Jr.'s joke about the Aurora theater shooting sparks anger in Colorado.	1
This is the only time I've seen a president like this , who says exactly what he wants to say . On Rodrigo Duterte	This is the only time I've seen a president like this, who says exactly what he wants to say. On Rodrigo Duterte	1
This is the only time I've seen a president like this , who says exactly what he wants to say . On Rodrigo Duterte	This is the only time I've seen a president like this who says exactly what he wants to say. On Rodrigo Duterte	1
This is the only time I've seen a president like this , who says exactly what he wants to say . On Rodrigo Duterte	This is the only time I've seen a president like this, who says exactly what he wants to say. on Rodrigo Duterte	1
I finally understood for sure that I was not to blame for his inappropriate behavior . After the Donald Trump tape	After the Trump Tape, I finally understood for sure that I wasn't to blame for his inappropriate behavior.	1
I finally understood for sure that I was not to blame for his inappropriate behavior . After the Donald Trump tape	After the Trump tape, I finally understood for sure that I was not to blame for his inappropriate behavior.	1
I finally understood for sure that I was not to blame for his inappropriate behavior . After the Donald Trump tape	After the Trump tape I finally understood for sure that I was not to blame for his inappropriate behavior	1
I finally understood for sure that I was not to blame for his inappropriate behavior . After the Donald Trump tape	After the Trump Tape, I finally understood for sure that I was not to blame for his inappropriate behavior.	1
I finally understood for sure that I was not to blame for his inappropriate behavior . After the Donald Trump tape	After the Trump tape, I finally understood for sure that I was not to blame for his inappropriate behavior	1
I finally understood for sure that I was not to blame for his inappropriate behavior . After the Donald Trump tape	After the Trump Tape, I Finally Understand For Sure That I Was Not to Blame for His Inappropriate Behavior	1
Melania Trump sits down with Anderson Cooper watch AC360 on CNN at 8 p.m. ET on Monday .	Melania Trump sits down with Anderson Cooper to watch CNN's AC360 at 8 p.m. ET Monday.	1
Melania Trump sits down with Anderson Cooper watch AC360 on CNN at 8 p.m. ET on Monday .	Melania Trump sits down with Anderson Cooper to watch AC360 on CNN at 8 p.m. ET on Monday.	1
Melania Trump sits down with Anderson Cooper watch AC360 on CNN at 8 p.m. ET on Monday .	Melania Trump sits down with Anderson Cooper to watch AC360 on CNN at 8 p.m. ET Monday.	1
Melania Trump sits down with Anderson Cooper watch AC360 on CNN at 8 p.m. ET on Monday .	Melania Trump sits down with Anderson Cooper to watch AC360 on CNN on Monday at 8 p.m. ET.	1
Melania Trump sits down with Anderson Cooper watch AC360 on CNN at 8 p.m. ET on Monday .	Melania Trump sits down with Anderson Cooper to watch AC360 on CNN at 8 p.m. ET on Monday night.	1
For a few days , Ken Bone was America's sweetheart .	Ken Bone was America's sweetheart for a few days.	1
For a few days , Ken Bone was America's sweetheart .	For a few days Ken Bone was America's sweetheart.	1
For a few days , Ken Bone was America's sweetheart .	For a few days, Ken Bone was America's sweetheart.	1
A former Miss USA contestant says Donald Trump inspected each woman before the pageant	A former Miss USA contestant says Donald Trump inspected each woman before the pageant.	1
Russia risks becoming " pariah " after Syria bomb attacks	Russia risks becoming'pariah'after Syria bomb attacks	1
Russia risks becoming " pariah " after Syria bomb attacks	Russia risks becoming a " pariah " after Syria bomb attacks.	1
Russia risks becoming " pariah " after Syria bomb attacks	Russia risk becoming ‘Pariah ’’ after Syria bomb attacks	1
Russia risks becoming " pariah " after Syria bomb attacks	Russia risks becoming pariah after Syria bomb attacks	1
Who would have thought that the first casualty of a hard Brexit would be the nation's supplies of Marmite ?	So who would have thought that the first casualty of a hard Brexit would be the nation's supply of Marmite?	1
Why you should stop multitasking and focus on " monotasking	Why you should stop multitasking and focus on  monotasking''.	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	700 million women married in childhood could be around 950 million by 2030.	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	The 700 million women married in childhood are projected to increase to over 950 million by 2030	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	700 million women married in childhood could increase to around 950 million by 2030.	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	The 700 million women married in childhood will grow to about 950 million by 2030	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	700 million women married in childhood could reach 950 million by 2030	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	700 million women married in childhood could grow to nearly 950 million by 2030	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	The 700 million women married in childhood are likely to be around 950 million by 2030.	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	700 million women married in childhood could rise to around 950 million by 2030	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	700 million women married in childhood could grow to 950 million by 2030.	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	700 million women married in childhood could grow to 950 million by 2030	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	The 700 million women married in childhood are expected to grow to 950 million by 2030.	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	The 700 million women married in childhood could rise to around 950 million by 2030	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	700 million women married in childhood could rise to around 950 million by 2030.	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030.	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	700 million women married in childhood could rise to 950 million by 2030	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	The 700 million women married in childhood could reach 950 million by 2030	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030.	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	The 700 million women married in childhood are expected to grow to around 950 million by 2030.	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	700 million women married in childhood could reach 950 million by 2030.	1
The 700 million women married in childhood could grow to around 950 million by 2030	The 700 million women married in childhood are expected to reach 950 million by 2030	1
Overdosing on VC Lessons from 71 IPOs	Overdosing on VC lessons from 71 IPOs!	1
Facebook is now testing its Snapchat Stories clone in Australia	Facebook is testing the Snapchat Stories clone in Australia!	1
Facebook is now testing its Snapchat Stories clone in Australia	Facebook is now testing its Snapchat Stories clone in Australia.	1
Facebook is now testing its Snapchat Stories clone in Australia	Facebook is testing its Snapchat Stories clone in Australia	1
Facebook is now testing its Snapchat Stories clone in Australia	Facebook is testing Snapchat Stories clone in Australia.	1
Facebook is now testing its Snapchat Stories clone in Australia	Facebook has just released a Snapchat Stories clone, which will be tested in Australia	1
Tribe video chat transcribes speech into subtitles and suggested links	Tribe Video Chat transcribes speech to subtitles and suggested links	1
Tribe video chat transcribes speech into subtitles and suggested links	Tribe - Video Chat Transcribes Speech into Subtitles and Recommended Links	1
Tribe video chat transcribes speech into subtitles and suggested links	Tribe video chat transcribes speech into suggested links and subtitles	1
FBI docs claim Clinton took furniture from State	FBI docs alleged Clinton took furniture from the State Department	1
Melania proved she's almost as despicable as her husband in fawning CNN interview	Melania Proves She's Almost as Despicable as Her Husband in fawning CNN Interview	1
Melania proved she's almost as despicable as her husband in fawning CNN interview	Melania Proves She's Almost as Despicable as Her Husband In Fawning CNN Interview	1
Melania proved she's almost as despicable as her husband in fawning CNN interview	Melania Proves She's As Despicable as Her Husband in Fawning CNN Interview	1
Melania proved she's almost as despicable as her husband in fawning CNN interview	Melania Proves She's Almost as Despicable as Her Husband in Fawning CNN Interview	1
It has been two days since you were quoted in a phone interview in a front-page NYT story .	It has been two days since you were quoted in a NYT front-page story in a phone interview.	1
It has been two days since you were quoted in a phone interview in a front-page NYT story .	It has been two days since you were quoted in a phone interview in a NYT front-page story.	1
It has been two days since you were quoted in a phone interview in a front-page NYT story .	It has been two days since you were quoted in a phone interview in a front-page NYT story.	1
American officials knew that the interrogations would be painful . But they said it would not cause lasting harm .	American officials knew that the interrogations would be painful but they did not expect lasting harm.	1
American officials knew that the interrogations would be painful . But they said it would not cause lasting harm .	American Officials knew the interrogations would be painful. But they said it would not cause lasting harm.	1
American officials knew that the interrogations would be painful . But they said it would not cause lasting harm .	American officials knew interrogations would be painful, but they said it would not cause lasting harm.	1
American officials knew that the interrogations would be painful . But they said it would not cause lasting harm .	American officials knew that the interrogations would be painful, but they said it would not cause lasting harm.	1
American officials knew that the interrogations would be painful . But they said it would not cause lasting harm .	U.S. officials knew the interrogations would be painful, but they said it would not cause lasting harm.	1
Ken Bone's Halloween plan Ill dress as me because I look just like me .	Ken Bone's Halloween plan Ill dress as me because I look just like me	1
Ken Bone's Halloween plan Ill dress as me because I look just like me .	Ken Bone's Halloween Halloween plan Ill dress as me because I look just like me.	1
Ken Bone's Halloween plan Ill dress as me because I look just like me .	Ken Bone Halloween Plan Ill Dress As Me because I Look Just Like Me.	1
Ken Bone's Halloween plan Ill dress as me because I look just like me .	Ken Bone's Halloween Plan Ill Dress As Me because I Look Just Like Me	1
Graphic video shows police van ramming protesters in Philippines .	Graphic video shows police van ramming protesters in Philippines.	1
Graphic video shows police van ramming protesters in Philippines .	A graphic video shows a police van ramming protesters in the Philippines	1
Graphic video shows police van ramming protesters in Philippines .	Graphic video shows Philippines police van ramming protesters	1
Graphic video shows police van ramming protesters in Philippines .	Graphic video shows police van ramming protesters in the Philippines.	1
Graphic video shows police van ramming protesters in Philippines .	Graphic video shows police van ramming protesters in the Philippines	1
Graphic video shows police van ramming protesters in Philippines .	Graphic video shows police van ramming protesters in Philippines	1
Graphic video shows police van ramming protesters in Philippines .	Graphic video shows Philippine police van ramming protesters	1
Graphic video shows police van ramming protesters in Philippines .	Graphic video shows Philippine police van ramming protesters.	1
Graphic video shows police van ramming protesters in Philippines .	Graphic video shows Philippines police van ramming protesters.	1
Graphic video shows police van ramming protesters in Philippines .	A graphic video shows a police van ramming protesters in the Philippines.	1
He touched me " wherever he could find a landing spot	He touched me, " wherever he could find a landing spot.	1
He touched me " wherever he could find a landing spot	He touched me, " wherever he could find a landing spot	1
He touched me " wherever he could find a landing spot	He touched me'wherever he could find a landing spot	1
The Nobel confirms what has long been sensed that Bob Dylan is among the most authentic voices U.S. has produced	Nobel confirms what has long been sensed about Bob Dylan as one of the most authentic voices the country has ever produced	1
The Nobel confirms what has long been sensed that Bob Dylan is among the most authentic voices U.S. has produced	The Nobel just confirmed what has long been sensed: Bob Dylan is one of the most authentic voices the country has ever produced.	1
The Nobel confirms what has long been sensed that Bob Dylan is among the most authentic voices U.S. has produced	Nobel confirms what long been sensed that Bob Dylan is among the most authentic voices the U.S. has produced.	1
Ruth Bader Ginsburg apologizes to Colin Kaepernick after criticizing his national anthem protest	Ruth Ruth Bader Ginsburg apologizes to Colin Kaepernick after criticizing National Anthem protest	1
Ruth Bader Ginsburg apologizes to Colin Kaepernick after criticizing his national anthem protest	Ruth Bader Ginsburg apologizes to Colin Kaepernick after criticizing national anthem protest	1
Ruth Bader Ginsburg apologizes to Colin Kaepernick after criticizing his national anthem protest	Ruth Bader Ginsburg Apologises to Kaepernick After Criticizing His National Anthem Protest	1
Ruth Bader Ginsburg apologizes to Colin Kaepernick after criticizing his national anthem protest	Ruth Bader Ginsburg apologizes to Colin Kaepernick for criticizing national anthem protest	1
Cheerleaders ' protest alters homecoming football game for Pennsylvania high school	Cheerleaders' protest alters homecoming football game for Pennsylvania high school	1
Cheerleaders ' protest alters homecoming football game for Pennsylvania high school	Cheerleaders'protest alters homecoming football game for PA high school.	1
Cheerleaders ' protest alters homecoming football game for Pennsylvania high school	Cheerleaders'protest alters homecoming football game for PA high school	1
Cheerleaders ' protest alters homecoming football game for Pennsylvania high school	Cheerleaders'protest alters homecoming football game for Pennsylvania high school	1
Cheerleaders ' protest alters homecoming football game for Pennsylvania high school	Cheerleaders' protest alters homecoming football game for PA high school.	1
Cheerleaders ' protest alters homecoming football game for Pennsylvania high school	Cheerleaders'protest alters homecoming football game for PA High School	1
The horror is everything the Republicans could tolerate about Trump , and why	The horror is everything the Republicans could tolerate about Trump and why	1
The horror is everything the Republicans could tolerate about Trump , and why	The horror is everything Republicans could tolerate about Trump, and why	1
Microsoft hits a speech recognition milestone with a system just as good as human ears	Microsoft hits a speech recognition milestone by producing a speech recognition system as good as human ears	1
There are TWO TRILLION galaxies in the Universe . And that's not even the coolest thing .	There Are TWO TRILLION Galaxies in the Universe. And thats not even the coolest.	1
There are TWO TRILLION galaxies in the Universe . And that's not even the coolest thing .	There are two trillion galaxies in the universe. And that's not even the coolest thing.	1
There are TWO TRILLION galaxies in the Universe . And that's not even the coolest thing .	There are 2 trillion galaxies in the universe and that's not even the coolest thing.	1
There are TWO TRILLION galaxies in the Universe . And that's not even the coolest thing .	There Are Two Trillion Galaxies in the Universe. And Thats Not Even the Coolest Thing.	1
Donald Trumps son-in-law discussed the possibility of a Trump-branded TV network with a media deal maker	Trumps son-in-law discussed possibility of a Trump-branded TV network with a media deal maker.	1
Donald Trumps son-in-law discussed the possibility of a Trump-branded TV network with a media deal maker	Donald Trumps Son-in-Law Discussed the Possible Possibility of a Trump TV Network With a Media Deal Maker	1
Google helps speak truth to power , adds prominence to fact-checks in News	Google helps speak truth to power, adds prominence to fact-checks in News	1
Google helps speak truth to power , adds prominence to fact-checks in News	@Google helps speak truth to power, adds prominence to fact-checks in news	1
Google helps speak truth to power , adds prominence to fact-checks in News	Google now helps speak truth to power, adds prominence to fact-checks in News.	1
Google helps speak truth to power , adds prominence to fact-checks in News	Search Engine Google helps speak truth to power, adds prominence to fact-checks in News	1
Google helps speak truth to power , adds prominence to fact-checks in News	Google helps speak truth to power, adds prominence to fact-checks in news	1
Google helps speak truth to power , adds prominence to fact-checks in News	Google has helped speak truth to power, adds prominence to fact-checks in news	1
Google helps speak truth to power , adds prominence to fact-checks in News	Google now helps speak truth to power, adds prominence to fact-checks in news	1
Google helps speak truth to power , adds prominence to fact-checks in News	Google now helps speak truth to power, adds prominence to fact-checks in News	1
It Was A " Mistake " To Air So Many Trump Rallies	It Was A " Mistake " To Film So Many Trump Rallies	1
It Was A " Mistake " To Air So Many Trump Rallies	It Was A " Mistake " To Run So Many Trump Rallies.	1
Theyre young , female , secular , and " feminist . Theyre the future of the pro-life movement .	Theyre young, female, secular and feminist, theyre the future of the pro-life movement.	1
Theyre young , female , secular , and " feminist . Theyre the future of the pro-life movement .	Theyre young, female, secular and " feminist. Theyre the future of the pro-life movement.	1
Theyre young , female , secular , and " feminist . Theyre the future of the pro-life movement .	Theyre young, female, secular and feminist ; theyre the future of the pro-life movement	1
Theyre young , female , secular , and " feminist . Theyre the future of the pro-life movement .	Theyre young, female, secular, and  feminist '' The future of the pro-life movement	1
Theyre young , female , secular , and " feminist . Theyre the future of the pro-life movement .	Theyre young, female, secular and feminist, theyre the future of the pro-life movement	1
Theyre young , female , secular , and " feminist . Theyre the future of the pro-life movement .	Theyre young, female, secular, and feminist, theyre the future of the pro-life movement.	1
Donald Trumps path to the presidency is looking more and more impossible by the day	Trump's path to presidency is looking more and more impossible by the day	1
Donald Trumps path to the presidency is looking more and more impossible by the day	Donald Trumps Path to Presidency Is Looking More and More Impossible By The Day	1
Donald Trumps path to the presidency is looking more and more impossible by the day	Trump's path to presidency looks more and more impossible by the day	1
Donald Trump has set a time bomb for racial violence on Election Day	Donald Trump Is Setting a Time Bomb for Racial Violence on Election Day	1
Teen daughter of U.S. Olympian Tyson Gay dies after shooting in Lexington , Kentucky	Teen daughter of Olympian Tyson Gay dies after shooting in Lexington, Kentucky	1
Samsung will permanently stop producing the Galaxy Note 7 after reports of the devices catching fire	Samsung will discontinue production of the Galaxy Note 7, following reports of the devices catching fire	1
Samsung will permanently stop producing the Galaxy Note 7 after reports of the devices catching fire	Samsung will discontinue manufacturing the Galaxy Note 7 after reports of the devices catching fire	1
Samsung will permanently stop producing the Galaxy Note 7 after reports of the devices catching fire	Samsung has permanently stop producing the Galaxy Note 7 after reports of the devices catching fire	1
Just like Trump , I avoided paying federal taxes . But now I'm paying .	Just Like Trump, I Avoided Paying Federal Taxes. But Now I'm Paying	1
Just like Trump , I avoided paying federal taxes . But now I'm paying .	Just Like Trump, I Avoided Paying Federal Taxes. Now I'm Paying	1
Donald Trump's tax plan would add to the federal debt and Hillary Clintons wouldnt , study finds	Donald Trumps tax plan would add to federal debt and Hillary Clintons wouldnt, study finds	1
Donald Trump's tax plan would add to the federal debt and Hillary Clintons wouldnt , study finds	Trump tax plan would add to federal debt and Hillary Clintons wouldnt, study finds	1
Snopes literacy should be required for all US high school diplomas	Snopes literacy should be required for all US high school diplomas.	1
Snopes literacy should be required for all US high school diplomas	Snopes literacy for US high school diplomas should be compulsory	1
Snopes literacy should be required for all US high school diplomas	Snopes literacy must be required for all US high school diplomas.	1
Snopes literacy should be required for all US high school diplomas	Snopes literacy must be compulsory for all US high school diplomas	1
Snopes literacy should be required for all US high school diplomas	Snopes Literacy Must Be Required for All US High School Diplomas	1
Snopes literacy should be required for all US high school diplomas	Snopes literacy should be mandatory for all US high school diplomas	1
We figure Trump's chance of winning the White House is now at 11% .	Now the odds of Trump winning the White House are at 11%	1
What Ken Bones porn preferences tell us about internet privacy today	Ken Bones Porn Preferences Tell Us About Internet Privacy Today	1
Obama on the Trump tape That's not right	Obama on Trump tape: That's not right	1
Obama on the Trump tape That's not right	Obama on Trump tape That's not right	1
Obama on the Trump tape That's not right	Obama on Trump tape : It's not right	1
Obama on the Trump tape That's not right	Obama on Trump tape: It's not right	1
Where Stalin once vacationed , a Soviet-era sanitarium gets a new life .	Where Stalin once vacationed, a Soviet-era sanitarium gets a new life.	1
There is a conspiracy to rig the election , and Donald Trump is part of it	There is a conspiracy to rig the election, and Donald Trump is one of them.	1
There is a conspiracy to rig the election , and Donald Trump is part of it	There Is a conspiracy to rig the election, and Donald Trump is part of it	1
There is a conspiracy to rig the election , and Donald Trump is part of it	There is a conspiracy to rig the election, and Donald Trump is part of it	1
Canadians decided their neighbors needed a cross-border pep talk . And so " Tell America Its Great " was born .	Canadians Decided Their Neighborhoods Need a Cross-border Pep Talk. And So, Tell America Its Great was born.	1
Saudis blame funeral hall bombing in Yemeni capital on mistake	Saudis blame funeral hall bombing on mistake in Yemeni capital	1
Saudis blame funeral hall bombing in Yemeni capital on mistake	Saudi Arabians Blame Funeral Hall Bombing in Yemeni Capital On Mistake	1
Do health insurers compete where you live ? R u staying with Contact AP's ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org	Do Health Insurers Compete Where You Live? R u Staying With Contact AP, Ralonso-Zaldivar@ap.org	1
Do health insurers compete where you live ? R u staying with Contact AP's ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org	Do Health Insurance Companies Compete Where You Live? R u Staying With Contact APs Ralonso-Zaldivar@ap.org	1
Do health insurers compete where you live ? R u staying with Contact AP's ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org	Do Health Insurers Compete Where You Live? R u Staying With Contact AP's ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org	1
Do health insurers compete where you live ? R u staying with Contact AP's ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org	Do health insurances compete where you live? R u staying with Contact AP's ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org	1
Do health insurers compete where you live ? R u staying with Contact AP's ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org	Do health insurers compete where you live? R U staying with Contact APs ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org	1
Do health insurers compete where you live ? R u staying with Contact AP's ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org	Do Health Insurance Companies Compete Where You Live? R u Staying With Contact AP's ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org	1
Do health insurers compete where you live ? R u staying with Contact AP's ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org	Do health insurers compete where you live? R u staying with Contact AP's ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org	1
Do health insurers compete where you live ? R u staying with Contact AP's ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org	Do health insurers compete where you live? U staying with Contact APs ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org	1
in leaked email Saudi Arabia and Qatar are funding ISIS	In Leaked Email, Saudi Arabia and Qatar Are Funding ISIS	1
in leaked email Saudi Arabia and Qatar are funding ISIS	Leaked email claimed Saudi Arabia and Qatar are funding ISIS.	1
in leaked email Saudi Arabia and Qatar are funding ISIS	In Leaked Emails, Saudi Arabia and Qatar Are Funding ISIS	1
in leaked email Saudi Arabia and Qatar are funding ISIS	In email, leaked Saudi Arabia and Qatar funded ISIS	1
Donald Trump tried to seat Bill Clintons accusers in his VIP box . The debate commission threatened to call security	Trump tried to seat Clintons accusers in his VIP box. The debate commission threatened to call security.	1
Milk from Tasmanian devils could help fight superbugs , Australian researchers say	Tasmanian Devil Milk Could Help Fight Superbugs, Australian Researchers Say	1
Milk from Tasmanian devils could help fight superbugs , Australian researchers say	Milk from Tasmanian devils could fight superbugs, Australian researchers say	1
Apple reportedly doesnt want to build a car anymore just its brain	Apple is reportedly not interested in building a car anymore just its brain.	1
Apple reportedly doesnt want to build a car anymore just its brain	Apple reportedly doesnt want to build a car anymore just its/its brain	1
Apple reportedly doesnt want to build a car anymore just its brain	Apple reportedly doesn't want to build a car anymore just its brain	1
Black is not a weapon Celebrities star in stunning PSA against police brutality	Black is not a weapon Celebrities showcase in stunning PSA against police brutality	1
Netflix shares soar as video service posts jump in subscribers	Netflix shares soar as video service posts jump in subscriber numbers	1
Netflix shares soar as video service posts jump in subscribers	Netflix Shares Soar As Video Service Shares Jump in Subscribers	1
A conversation about sex and power in the 2016 campaign , with 3 women who cover it	The conversation is one about sex and power in the 2016 campaign, with three women who cover it.	1
A conversation about sex and power in the 2016 campaign , with 3 women who cover it	A conversation about sex and power in the 2016 campaign. With 3 women who cover it.	1
A conversation about sex and power in the 2016 campaign , with 3 women who cover it	A Conversation About Sex and Power in the 2016 Campaign, With 3 Women Who Cover It	1
We're all going to have to bookmark this , alas .	We're all going to have to bookmark this, alas.	1
Amazon only needs a minute of human labor to ship your next package	Amazon only needs a minute of human labor to send your next package	1
Amazon only needs a minute of human labor to ship your next package	Amazon will only need a minute's effort, aka human labor, to ship your next package	1
Amazon only needs a minute of human labor to ship your next package	Amazon only needs a minute of human labor to ship your next product!	1
Former ' Black Men for Bernie ' leader now backing Trump	Former Black Men for Bernie leader now backing Trump	1
Is there Apprentice footage of Donald Trump saying the N-word ?	Is There Apprentice Footage of Trump Saying the N-Word?	1
Is there Apprentice footage of Donald Trump saying the N-word ?	Is there Apprentice footage of Donald Trump saying the N-word?	1
Is there Apprentice footage of Donald Trump saying the N-word ?	is there Apprentice footage of Donald Trump saying the N-word?	1
Is there Apprentice footage of Donald Trump saying the N-word ?	Is There Apprentice Footage of Donald Trump Saying the N-Word?	1
Google acquires FameBit to connect YouTube creators with brands	Google acquiring FameBit to connect YouTube creators with brands	1
Hillary Clinton is pushing into red states with an offensive aimed at extending her growing lead over Donald Trump	Hillary Clinton Pushes Into Red States With An Offensive aimed at extending her Growing Lead Over Donald Trump	1
Donald Trump says he might meet with Putin before inauguration	Trump says he might meet with Putin before inauguration	1
September Retail Sales Rise 0.6% as Expected	September retail sales rise by 0.6% as forecasted	1
September Retail Sales Rise 0.6% as Expected	September retail sales rise 0.6%, as expected	1
September Retail Sales Rise 0.6% as Expected	Retail sales in September rose 0.6% as expected	1
September Retail Sales Rise 0.6% as Expected	Retail sales increase 0.6% in September as forecast	1
September Retail Sales Rise 0.6% as Expected	September retail sales rose 0.6% as anticipated	1
September Retail Sales Rise 0.6% as Expected	September retail sales rise by 0.6% as expected	1
September Retail Sales Rise 0.6% as Expected	Retail sales rise 0.6% in September, as expected	1
September Retail Sales Rise 0.6% as Expected	Retail sales rose 0.6% in September, as analysts anticipated	1
September Retail Sales Rise 0.6% as Expected	Retail sales rise 0.6% in September, as forecast	1
How a tweet can be considered assault	How a tweet can be considered an assault	1
How a tweet can be considered assault	How a tweet could constitute assault	1
I think we should take a drug test prior to the debate	I think we should take a drug test prior to the debate.	1
I think we should take a drug test prior to the debate	I think we should take a drug test before the debate.	1
These lies " are nothing more than " false smears	These lies are " nothing more than " false smears	1
These lies " are nothing more than " false smears	These lies are nothing more than " false smears	1
These lies " are nothing more than " false smears	These lies'are nothing more than'false smears	1
These lies " are nothing more than " false smears	These lies " are nothing more than " false smears.	1
These lies " are nothing more than " false smears	These lies  are nothing more than  false smears	1
These lies " are nothing more than " false smears	These lies are merely " false smears	1
These lies " are nothing more than " false smears	These lies are " nothing more than " false smears.	1
How did Pennsylvanias criminal justice system fail this profoundly ?	How Did Pennsylvanias Criminal Justice System FAIL This Deeply?	1
How did Pennsylvanias criminal justice system fail this profoundly ?	How Did Pennsylvanias Criminal Justice System Fail This Deeply?	1
How did Pennsylvanias criminal justice system fail this profoundly ?	How did the Pennsylvania criminal justice system fail this deeply??	1
How did Pennsylvanias criminal justice system fail this profoundly ?	How did Pennsylvania's criminal justice system fail this deeply?	1
Four men arrested in attack on Alabama teen who said ' Blue lives matter	4 men arrested in attack on Alabama teen who said, " Blue Lives Matter	1
Four men arrested in attack on Alabama teen who said ' Blue lives matter	4 men arrested in assault on Alabama teen who said'Blue Lives Matter	1
Four men arrested in attack on Alabama teen who said ' Blue lives matter	4 men arrested in assault on Alabama teen who said " Blue Lives Matter	1
Four men arrested in attack on Alabama teen who said ' Blue lives matter	4 men arrested for assaulting Alabama teen who said'Blue Lives Matter '.	1
The U.S. pushed Ecuador to act against Julian Assange , NBC reports , citing unnamed officials	U.S. pushed Ecuador to act against Assange, NBC reports, citing unnamed officials	1
Twitter's woes signal the end of the social wars	Twitter's woes signal the end of the social media wars	1
Google will launch dedicated search results for mobile	Google to launch dedicated search results for mobile	1
Google will launch dedicated search results for mobile	Google has announced the launch of dedicated search results for mobile.	1
Misogyny is back . But did it ever go away ?	Misogyny Is Back, but Did It Ever Go Away?	1
Misogyny is back . But did it ever go away ?	Misogyny is back. Did it ever go away?	1
Misogyny is back . But did it ever go away ?	But did it go away? Misogyny Is Back. Did It Ever Go Away?	1
Misogyny is back . But did it ever go away ?	Misogyny Is Back. Did It Ever Go Away?	1
Misogyny is back . But did it ever go away ?	Misogyny Is Back. But Did It Ever Go Away?	1
Do you ever wonder what all the bottled water youre drinking is doing to the planet ? Take this quiz and find out .	Do you ever wonder what all the bottled water you use is doing to the planet? Take this quiz and find out.	1
Why Trump doubled down on the Central Park Five	Why Trump doubled down on the Central Park Five.	1
Why Trump doubled down on the Central Park Five	Why Trump Doubled Down on the Central Park Five?	1
A 44% pay divide for female and male law partners , survey says	A 44% pay gap for female and male law partners, the study says.	1
A 44% pay divide for female and male law partners , survey says	A 44% pay gap for female and male law partners, survey says	1
Can the U.S. win this election ?	Can the US win this election?	1
Can the U.S. win this election ?	Can the U.S. win this election?	1
Trump launches blistering attack on media , accusers after sexual assault claims	Trump launches blistering attack on media, accusers after sexual assault claims	1
Trump launches blistering attack on media , accusers after sexual assault claims	Trump launches blistering attack on media, accusers'after sexual assault claims	1
I'd advise Mr Trump to stop whining and try to make his case to get votes	I would advise Mr. Trump to " stop whining " and make his case to get votes.	1
A black doctor said she tried to aid a passenger but a flight attendant said , " We are looking for actual physicians	A black doctor says she tried to help a passenger but a flight attendant said, " We are looking for actual physicians	1
A black doctor said she tried to aid a passenger but a flight attendant said , " We are looking for actual physicians	A black doctor told a flight attendant that she had tried to help a passenger, but the attendant said, "We are looking for actual doctors.	1
Trump back to dark , ominous music in new ad and goes after HRC health	Trump returns to dark, ominous music in new ad and goes after HRC health	1
Trump back to dark , ominous music in new ad and goes after HRC health	Trump back to dark, ominous music in new ad and goes after HRC health	1
Most parents work 9 to 5 . Why do most schools still end around 3 ?	Most Parents Work 9-5. Why Do Most Schools Still End Around 3?	1
Chibok schoolgirls swapped for Nigerian Boko Haram militants	Chibok schoolgirls traded for Nigerian Boko Haram militants	1
Peter Thiel to Donate $1.25 Million in Support of Donald Trump	Peter Thiel gives $1.25 million in support of Donald Trump	1
Peter Thiel to Donate $1.25 Million in Support of Donald Trump	Peter Thiel Gives $1.25 Million in Support of Donald Trump	1
Donald Trumps campaign is imploding . But at his rallies , the man is still king .	Trump campaign is imploding. But at his rallies, the man is still king	1
Donald Trumps campaign is imploding . But at his rallies , the man is still king .	Donald Trumps Campaign Is Imploding. But at His Rallies, The Man Is Still King.	1
Donald Trumps campaign is imploding . But at his rallies , the man is still king .	Trumps campaign is imploding. But at his rallies, the man is still king.	1
Donald Trumps campaign is imploding . But at his rallies , the man is still king .	Trump's campaign is imploding. But at his rallies, the man is still king.	1
How well the Mosul campaign goes will help define Obama's legacy as a wartime leader	How Well the Mosul Campaign Goes Will Help Define Obamas Legacy as a Wartime Leader	1
What's really behind Donald Trump's obsession with Hillary Clinton's " stamina " ?	What's really behind Donald Trump's obsession with Clinton's'stamina '?	1
Donald Trump isn't making it easy for Republicans	Trump isn't making it easy for Republicans	1
Trump's ' standard redneck ' base is what I grew up in	Donald Trump's'standard redneck'base is what I grew up in	1
Trump's ' standard redneck ' base is what I grew up in	Trump's'standard redneck'base is what I grew up in.	1
Trump's ' standard redneck ' base is what I grew up in	Donald Trumps'Standard Redneck'base is what I grew up in.	1
Anti-Semitism has taken on a new dimension in the United States	Anti-Semitism Takes on a New Dimension in the United States	1
Bob Dylan was recognized for " new poetic expressions within the great American song tradition	Bob Dylan Is Recognized for New Poetic Expressions within the Great American Song Tradition	1
Bob Dylan was recognized for " new poetic expressions within the great American song tradition	Bob Dylan is Recognised for New Poetic Expressions Within the Great American Song Tradition.	1
Bob Dylan was recognized for " new poetic expressions within the great American song tradition	Bob Dylan Is Recognised for New Poetic Expressions Within the Great American Song Tradition	1
Bob Dylan was recognized for " new poetic expressions within the great American song tradition	Bob Dylan is honored for the New Poetic Expressions Within Great American Song Tradition	1
Was Melania's pussy bow a feminist signal , a going rogue or a sartorial diss of his critics ?	Was Melania's pussy bow a feminist signal, a going rogue or a sartorial diss of his critics?	1
Syrian Jaber Albakr , arrested in Germany for an alleged terror plot , has committed suicide in prison	Syrian Jaber Albakr, arrested in Germany for alleged terror plot, commits suicide in prison	1
Syrian Jaber Albakr , arrested in Germany for an alleged terror plot , has committed suicide in prison	Syrian Jaber Albakr, arrested in Germany for alleged terror plot, committed suicide in prison	1
Chris Wallaces debate role is a bright spot in a dark year for Fox News	Chris Wallaces debate role is a bright spot in a dark year for Fox News.	1
Donald Trump says SNL is part of a conspiracy to rig the election and should be canceled	Donald Trump says SNL is part of a conspiracy to rig the election, should be canceled	1
Donald Trump says SNL is part of a conspiracy to rig the election and should be canceled	Trump says SNL is part of a conspiracy to rig the election and should be canceled.	1
Donald Trump says SNL is part of a conspiracy to rig the election and should be canceled	Donald Trump thinks SNL is part of a coordinated effort to rig the election and should be canceled	1
Saudi prince executed for shooting man dead during mass brawl three years ago outside Riyadh	Saudi prince executed for shooting man dead during massive brawl outside Riyadh three years ago	1
Saudi prince executed for shooting man dead during mass brawl three years ago outside Riyadh	Saudi prince executed for shooting man dead during mass brawl outside Riyadh three years ago	1
Saudi prince executed for shooting man dead during mass brawl three years ago outside Riyadh	Saudi prince executed for shooting man dead during mass brawl outside Riyadh 3 years ago.	1
Mike Pences foreign policy response to 11-year-old girl goes viral	Michael Pences Foreign Policy Response to 11-Year-Old Girl Goes Viral	1
Look , Mom , there I am in WikiLeaks . latest is a must read	Look, Mom, there I am in WikiLeaks. Latest is a must read.	1
Look , Mom , there I am in WikiLeaks . latest is a must read	Look, mom, there I am in WikiLeaks. Latest is a must read	1
Look , Mom , there I am in WikiLeaks . latest is a must read	Look, Mom, There I Am in WikiLeaks. Latest Is a Must Read	1
Look , Mom , there I am in WikiLeaks . latest is a must read	Look, Mom, there I am in WikiLeaks. Latest Is a Must Read.	1
Look , Mom , there I am in WikiLeaks . latest is a must read	Look, Mom, there I am in WikiLeaks. Latest Is a Must Read	1
Look , Mom , there I am in WikiLeaks . latest is a must read	Look, Mom, There I Am in WikiLeaks. Latest Is a Must Read.	1
Look , Mom , there I am in WikiLeaks . latest is a must read	Look, Mom, there I am in WikiLeaks. Latest is a Must Read.	1
Celebrate Hamilton Day , an even better math holiday than Pi Day	Celebrate Hamilton Day, an even better math holiday, than Pi Day	1
Come at me bro basically what the New York Times lawyer said to Donald Trump's lawyer today .	Come at me bro basically what the New York Times lawyer said to Donald Trump's lawyer today.	1
Under the Constitution , no one could veto a bad nuclear call by a President Trump .	No one could veto a bad nuclear call by a President Trump under the Constitution.	1
Under the Constitution , no one could veto a bad nuclear call by a President Trump .	Under the Constitution, no one could veto a bad nuclear call from President Trump.	1
Under the Constitution , no one could veto a bad nuclear call by a President Trump .	Under the Constitution, no one could veto a bad nuclear call by President Trump.	1
Under the Constitution , no one could veto a bad nuclear call by a President Trump .	Under the Constitution, no one could veto a bad nuclear call by a President Trump.	1
Under the Constitution , no one could veto a bad nuclear call by a President Trump .	Under the Constitution, no one could veto a bad nuclear call by a President Trump	1
Under the Constitution , no one could veto a bad nuclear call by a President Trump .	Under the Constitution, no one could veto a bad nuclear call made by President Trump.	1
Under the Constitution , no one could veto a bad nuclear call by a President Trump .	Under the Constitution, no one can veto a bad nuclear call by President Trump.	1
Under the Constitution , no one could veto a bad nuclear call by a President Trump .	Under the Constitution, no one could veto a bad nuclear call from a President Trump.	1
Under the Constitution , no one could veto a bad nuclear call by a President Trump .	No one could veto a bad nuclear call by President Trump, according to the Constitution.	1
Under the Constitution , no one could veto a bad nuclear call by a President Trump .	Under the Constitution, No One Can Veto a Bad Nuclear Call by President Trump.	1
Under the Constitution , no one could veto a bad nuclear call by a President Trump .	No one could veto a bad nuclear call by President Trump under the Constitution.	1
Yes , this is my dream country .	Yes, this is my dream country.	1
Yes , this is my dream country .	This is my dream country.	1
Female cop brutally beaten after refusing to shoot suspect due to fear of backlash	Woman cop beaten brutally. She was beaten after refusing to shoot suspect due to fear of backlash.	1
Female cop brutally beaten after refusing to shoot suspect due to fear of backlash	Woman cop brutally beaten after refusing to shoot suspect due to fear of backlash	1
The World Health Organization urged countries to implement a tax on sugary drinks to fight obesity	The World Health Organization urges countries to enact a tax on sugary drinks to fight obesity	1
Some big Republican donors want RNC to cut ties with Trump	Some big Republican donors want RNC to cut ties with Trump.	1
Some big Republican donors want RNC to cut ties with Trump	Some big Republican donors are asking the RNC to cut ties with Donald Trump	1
Some big Republican donors want RNC to cut ties with Trump	Some big GOP donors want the RNC to cut ties with Donald Trump	1
Some big Republican donors want RNC to cut ties with Trump	Some big Republican donors want the RNC to cut ties with Trump.	1
Some big Republican donors want RNC to cut ties with Trump	Some big GOP donors want RNC to cut ties with Trump	1
Some big Republican donors want RNC to cut ties with Trump	Some big Republican donors want the RNC to cut ties with Donald Trump.	1
Elizabeth Warren calls Donald Trump a " selfish little sleaze ball	Elizabeth Warren called Donald Trump a " selfish little sleaze ball	1
Elizabeth Warren calls Donald Trump a " selfish little sleaze ball	Elizabeth Warren Calls Trump a " Self-Selfish Little Sleaze Ball	1
Elizabeth Warren calls Donald Trump a " selfish little sleaze ball	Elizabeth Warren calls Trump a " selfish little sleaze ball.	1
Elizabeth Warren calls Donald Trump a " selfish little sleaze ball	Elizabeth Warren calls Donald Trump a " selfish little sleaze ball ".	1
Many politicians reacting to the Trump video spoke about women in possessive terms	Many politicians reacting to Trump video spoke about women in possessive terms	1
Federal judge extends voter registration in Florida for one week due to Hurricane Matthew	A federal judge extended Florida's voter registration deadline for one week after Hurricane Matthew.	1
Federal judge extends voter registration in Florida for one week due to Hurricane Matthew	A federal judge extends Florida's voter registration deadline for one week after Hurricane Matthew.	1
What is the measurable impact of campaign ads ? Donald Trump offers a rare chance to find out .	What is the measurable impact of campaign ads? Donald Trump offers a rare chance to find out.	1
What is the measurable impact of campaign ads ? Donald Trump offers a rare chance to find out .	What is the measurable impact of campaign ads? Donald Trump Offers a Rare Chance to Find Out	1
Was that a presidential debate or a pitch for Trump TV ?	Was That a Presidential Debate or a Pitch for Trump TV?	1
Was that a presidential debate or a pitch for Trump TV ?	Was that a presidential debate or a pitch for Trump TV?	1
This tree is older than America , but it was unable to withstand the August heat	This tree is older than America, but it was unable to withstand the August heat.	1
This tree is older than America , but it was unable to withstand the August heat	This tree is older than America but was unable to withstand the August heat of	1
This tree is older than America , but it was unable to withstand the August heat	This Tree Is Older Than America, But It Was unable to withstand the August Heat	1
This tree is older than America , but it was unable to withstand the August heat	Tree Is Older Than America, but It Was unable to withstand August heat	1
This tree is older than America , but it was unable to withstand the August heat	The tree is older than America, but it was unable to withstand the August heat	1
Tight races remain in three battleground states Nevada , North Carolina and Ohio	Tight races remain in three battlegrounds: Nevada, North Carolina and Ohio	1
Tight races remain in three battleground states Nevada , North Carolina and Ohio	Tight races remain in three battlegrounds Nevada, North Carolina and Ohio	1
Tight races remain in three battleground states Nevada , North Carolina and Ohio	Tight races remain in three battlegrounds of Ohio, North Carolina and Nevada	1
Tight races remain in three battleground states Nevada , North Carolina and Ohio	Tight races remain in three battleground states Ohio, North Carolina, and Nevada	1
Tight races remain in three battleground states Nevada , North Carolina and Ohio	A tight race remains in three battleground states of Nevada, North Carolina and Ohio.	1
Tight races remain in three battleground states Nevada , North Carolina and Ohio	Tight races remain in three battlegrounds - Nevada, North Carolina, and Ohio	1
Tech companies are increasingly working to make high-speed internet available to every American	Tech companies are increasingly working to make high-speed internet available to every American.	1
Tech companies are increasingly working to make high-speed internet available to every American	Tech companies are increasingly working to make high-speed Internet available to every US citizen.	1
Tail-wagging , licking , sneezing Dog behaviors that are related to its super sense of smell	Tail-wagging, licking, sneezing Dog behaviors that are related to its super sense of smell	1
Tail-wagging , licking , sneezing Dog behaviors that are related to its super sense of smell	Tail-wagging, licking, sneezing Dog behaviors related to its super sense of smell	1
Tail-wagging , licking , sneezing Dog behaviors that are related to its super sense of smell	Tail-wagging, licking, sneezing Dog behaviors linked to its super sense of smell.	1
Tail-wagging , licking , sneezing Dog behaviors that are related to its super sense of smell	Tail-wagging, licking, sneezing The Dog's behaviors related to its super sense of smell	1
Ruth Bader Ginsburg calls Colin Kaepernicks national anthem protest " dumb	Ruth Bader Ginsburg calls Colin Kaepernicks anthem protest'dumb	1
Ruth Bader Ginsburg calls Colin Kaepernicks national anthem protest " dumb	Ruth Bader Ginsburg calls Kaepernicks national anthem protest'dumb	1
A terror attack in Germany was averted after Syrians recognized a suspect , tied him up and alerted the authorities	A terror attack could have been avoided in Germany, as Syrians recognized a suspect, tied him up and alerted authorities	1
At Maine rally , @realDonaldTrump puts quote marks around " President " Obama .	At Maine rally, #RealDonaldTrump puts quote marks around " President " Obama	1
At Maine rally , @realDonaldTrump puts quote marks around " President " Obama .	At Maine rally, @realDonaldTrump places quote marks around'President'Obama	1
At Maine rally , @realDonaldTrump puts quote marks around " President " Obama .	In Maine rally, @realDonaldTrump puts quote marks around " President Obama	1
At Maine rally , @realDonaldTrump puts quote marks around " President " Obama .	At Maine rally, #RealDonaldTrump puts quote marks around'President'Obama.	1
Peter Thiel will donate $1.25 M to the Trump campaign , despite the latest controversies	Peter Thiel will donate $1.25 million to the Trump campaign, despite the latest controversies	1
Now , if CNN were some sort of cable news network , I imagine this might be worrisome	Now, if CNN were some sort of cable news network, I imagine this might be somewhat disconcerting	1
Now , if CNN were some sort of cable news network , I imagine this might be worrisome	Now, if CNN were some sort of cable news network, I imagine this might be alarming.	1
Now , if CNN were some sort of cable news network , I imagine this might be worrisome	Now, if CNN were some sort of cable news network, I imagine this might be so worrying.	1
Now , if CNN were some sort of cable news network , I imagine this might be worrisome	Now, if CNN were some sort of cable news network, this might be troubling.	1
Now , if CNN were some sort of cable news network , I imagine this might be worrisome	Now, if CNN were some sort of cable news network, I imagine this might be worrying.	1
5 storylines to watch during the third presidential debate	These five storylines to watch during the third presidential debate	1
5 storylines to watch during the third presidential debate	5 Storylines to Watch During the 3rd Presidential Debate	1
5 storylines to watch during the third presidential debate	5 storylines to watch During the 3rd Presidential Debate	1
Facebook Messenger tells you what to talk about with " Conversation Topics " feature	Facebook Messenger tells you what to talk about with'Conversation Topics'feature	1
Facebook Messenger tells you what to talk about with " Conversation Topics " feature	Facebook Messenger tells you what to talk about with the " Conversation Topics " feature in Messenger	1
Facebook Messenger tells you what to talk about with " Conversation Topics " feature	Facebook Messenger tells you what to talk about with the " Conversation Topics " feature	1
Facebook Messenger tells you what to talk about with " Conversation Topics " feature	Facebook Messenger prompts you to talk about with the " Conversation Topics " feature	1
HOW TO HANDLE BILL Clinton debate playbook reveals early spin for sex scandals	How to handle Bill sex scandals The Clinton debate playbook reveals early spin for sex scandals	1
Donald Trump , slipping in polls , warns of " stolen election	Trump, slipping in polls, warns of'stolen election	1
Donald Trump , slipping in polls , warns of " stolen election	Trump, slipping in polls, warns of " stolen election!	1
Donald Trump , slipping in polls , warns of " stolen election	Trump, slipping in polls, warns of " stolen election.	1
Warren Buffett to Donald Trump I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944	... Warren Buffett to Donald Trump " I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944	1
Warren Buffett to Donald Trump I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944	Warren Buffett to Donald Trump " I pay Federal Income Tax every year since 1944	1
Warren Buffett to Donald Trump I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944	Warren Buffett to Donald Trump " I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944	1
Warren Buffett to Donald Trump I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944	Warren Buffett to Donald Trump I have paid federal income taxes every year since 1944	1
Warren Buffett to Donald Trump I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944	Warren Buffett to Donald Trump : " I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944	1
A local Republican office in North Carolina was firebombed over the weekend	A local Republican office in North Carolina was firebombed over the weekend.	1
I think I used to resent , I'm not sure I do anymore .	I think I used to dislike that, but I'm not sure I do anymore.	1
I think I used to resent , I'm not sure I do anymore .	I think I used to resent, I'm not sure I do anymore.	1
I think I used to resent , I'm not sure I do anymore .	I think I used to resent, but now I'm not sure I do.	1
Forget this " Hillary is unlikable " stuff . Hillary is downright inspiring	Forget This " Hillary Is Unlikable " Stuff. Is Downright Inspiring.	1
Forget this " Hillary is unlikable " stuff . Hillary is downright inspiring	forget this " Hillary is unlikable " stuff. Is downright inspiring.	1
The creator of Atari has launched a new VR company called ModalVR	The creator of Atari has launched a new VR company ModalVR	1
The creator of Atari has launched a new VR company called ModalVR	The creator of Atari launches a new VR company, ModalVR.	1
The creator of Atari has launched a new VR company called ModalVR	The creator of Atari launched a new VR company ModalVR	1
Nazi Republicans , Leave Town NC GOP Office Firebombed	Nazi Republicans, Leave Town NC GOP Office Firebombed	1
Nazi Republicans , Leave Town NC GOP Office Firebombed	Nazi Republicans, Leave Town NC GOP Office Firebombed.	1
Peter Thiel donates $1.25 million to Donald Trump's campaign	Peter Thiel donates $1.25 million to Trump's campaign	1
Michael Moores October surprise a new " TrumpLand " documentary opening Wednesday	Michael Moores October Surprise, a New #TrumpLand Documentary Opening Wednesday	1
Michael Moores October surprise a new " TrumpLand " documentary opening Wednesday	Michael Moores October Surprise a new'TrumpLand'documentary opening Wednesday	1
Michael Moores October surprise a new " TrumpLand " documentary opening Wednesday	Michael Moores October Surprise a New TrumpLand Documentary Opening Wednesday	1
Here's , um , more about Trump's airplane character witness	Here's, um, more about Trump's airplane character witness	1
There are many ways to sniff , and the human method is not the best	There are many ways to sniff, and the human method is not the best	1
There are many ways to sniff , and the human method is not the best	There are many ways to sniff, and the human method is not the best.	1
There are many ways to sniff , and the human method is not the best	There are many ways to sniff, but the human method is not the best.	1
There are many ways to sniff , and the human method is not the best	There are many ways to sniff, and the human method is not the best one.	1
There are many ways to sniff , and the human method is not the best	There are many ways to sniff and the human method is not the best	1
There are many ways to sniff , and the human method is not the best	There are many ways to sniff and the human method is not the best.	1
he also said in " just about all " cases	he also said in'just about all'cases	1
he also said in " just about all " cases	he also said in'just about all'cases.	1
he also said in " just about all " cases	" He also said in " just about all " cases " he said	1
he also said in " just about all " cases	He said also in'just about all'cases	1
he also said in " just about all " cases	he also said " just about all " cases	1
US President Obama lifts ban on import of Cuban products including rum , cigars and pharmaceuticals	Obama Lifts Ban on Import of Cuban Products, Like Rum, Cigars, and Pharmaceuticals	1
US President Obama lifts ban on import of Cuban products including rum , cigars and pharmaceuticals	US President Obama lifts ban on Cuban products including rum, cigars and pharmaceuticals.	1
Is your area down to one insurer next year ? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story .	Is your area down to one insurer next year? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story	1
Is your area down to one insurer next year ? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story .	Is your area down to one insurer next year? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story.	1
Is your area down to one insurer next year ? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story .	Is Your Area Down to One Insurer Next Year? AP Reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story.	1
Is your area down to one insurer next year ? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story .	Is your area down to one insurer next year? AKA! AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story	1
Is your area down to one insurer next year ? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story .	Is your'area down to one insurer next year? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story.	1
Is your area down to one insurer next year ? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story .	Is your area down to just one insurer next year? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story.	1
Is your area down to one insurer next year ? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story .	Is your area down to one insurer next year? AP Reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story	1
Is your area down to one insurer next year ? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story .	Is your area down to one insurer next year? The AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story.	1
Is your area down to one insurer next year ? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story .	Is your area down to one insurer next year? The AP reporter at ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story.	1
Is your area down to one insurer next year ? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story .	Is Your Area Down to One Insurer Next Year? AP Reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story	1
Is your area down to one insurer next year ? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story .	Is your neighborhood down to one insurer next year? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story.	1
Is your area down to one insurer next year ? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story .	Is Your Area Down to One Insurer Next Year? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story.	1
Is your area down to one insurer next year ? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story .	Is your area down to one insurer next year? Ap reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story.	1
Is your area down to one insurer next year ? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story .	Is your community down to one insurer next year? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story	1
Is your area down to one insurer next year ? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story .	Is Your Area Down to One Insurer Next Year? AP Reporter Ralonso-Zaldivar@ap.org wants your story	1
Is your area down to one insurer next year ? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story .	Is your region down to one insurer next year? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story	1
10-times deported Mexican man accused of raping a child on a Greyhound bus	10-times deported Mexican man accused of raping child on Greyhound bus	1
10-times deported Mexican man accused of raping a child on a Greyhound bus	10 times deported Mexico man accused of raping child on a Greyhound bus	1
10-times deported Mexican man accused of raping a child on a Greyhound bus	10-times deported Mexican man accused of raping child on a Greyhound bus	1
10-times deported Mexican man accused of raping a child on a Greyhound bus	A 10-times deported Mexican man is accused of raping a child on a Greyhound bus.	1
10-times deported Mexican man accused of raping a child on a Greyhound bus	10 times deported Mexican man accused of raping child on a Greyhound bus.	1
10-times deported Mexican man accused of raping a child on a Greyhound bus	10-times deported Mexican man accused of raping child on Greyhound bus.	1
Judge rebukes Florida's top election official , saying his actions amount to " undeclared war " on right to vote	Judge Rebukes Florida's Top Election Official, Saying His Actions Become an 'Undeclared War' on the Right to Vote	1
Judge rebukes Florida's top election official , saying his actions amount to " undeclared war " on right to vote	Judge rebukes Florida's top election official, saying his actions amount to " undeclared war" on voting	1
The time Trump allegedly groped a woman just like hes bragging about on that video	The time Trump allegedly groped a woman just like he was bragging about on that video	1
The time Trump allegedly groped a woman just like hes bragging about on that video	The Time Trump Groped a Woman Just as He Bragged About on That Video	1
The time Trump allegedly groped a woman just like hes bragging about on that video	The time Trump allegedly groped a woman just as he was bragging about on that video.	1
The time Trump allegedly groped a woman just like hes bragging about on that video	The time Trump allegedly groped a woman Just Like Hes Bragged About on Video	1
13 former George W . Bush officials endorse Hillary Clinton in open letter	13 former G.W. Bush officials endorse Hillary Clinton in open letter	1
13 former George W . Bush officials endorse Hillary Clinton in open letter	13 former George W. Bush officials endorse Clinton in open letter	1
13 former George W . Bush officials endorse Hillary Clinton in open letter	13 former George W. Bush officials endorse Hillary Clinton in open letter	1
There is a 19-year-old black man in Illinois who has no idea of the role he is playing in this election	A 19-year-old black man in Illinois has no idea of the role he's playing in the election.	1
Trump is the logical extension of the worst of America , Charles M .	Donald Trump Is the logical extension of the Worst of America, Charles M	1
Trump is the logical extension of the worst of America , Charles M .	Trump is the logical extension of the worst of America, Charles M.	1
Trump is the logical extension of the worst of America , Charles M .	Donald Trump is the logical extension of the worst of America, Charles M	1
Trump is the logical extension of the worst of America , Charles M .	Donald Trump is the logical extension of the worst of America, Charles M.	1
Trump is the logical extension of the worst of America , Charles M .	Trump Is the logical extension of the Worst of America, Charles M.	1
Trump is the logical extension of the worst of America , Charles M .	Trump is the logical extension of the worst of America, Charles M	1
Trump is the logical extension of the worst of America , Charles M .	Trump Is the Logical Extension of the Worst of America, Charles M.	1
Trump is the logical extension of the worst of America , Charles M .	Donald Trump Is the logical extension of the Worst of America, Charles M.	1
Trump is the logical extension of the worst of America , Charles M .	Donald Trump Is the Logical Extension of the Worst of America, Charles M.	1
Trump is the logical extension of the worst of America , Charles M .	Donald Trump Is the Logical Extension of the Worst of America, Charles M	1
Dozens of creepy clown episodes have been reported across Britain in recent days , police say	Dozens of creepy clowns have been reported across Britain in recent days, police say	1
Dozens of creepy clown episodes have been reported across Britain in recent days , police say	Many creepy clowns have been reported across the UK over the last few days, police say	1
Trumps threat to jail Clinton has rattled scholars who study how democracies become dictatorships	Trumps threat to jail Clinton rattles scholars studying how democracies become dictatorships	1
Trumps threat to jail Clinton has rattled scholars who study how democracies become dictatorships	Trump's threat to jail Clinton rattles scholars who study how democracies become dictatorships	1
Wells Fargos chief , John Stumpf , will be replaced by Timothy Sloan , its president and chief operating officer	Wells Fargo chief John Stumpf is replaced by Timothy Sloan, its president and chief operating officer	1
Who's with Trump ? Senate Republicans deeply split in wake of tape controversy	Who's with Trump? Senate Republicans deeply split in wake of tape controversy	1
Who's with Trump ? Senate Republicans deeply split in wake of tape controversy	Whos With Trump? Senate Republicans deeply split in wake of tape controversy	1
Who's with Trump ? Senate Republicans deeply split in wake of tape controversy	Who's with Trump? Senate Republicans deeply split in wake of tape scandal.	1
Who's with Trump ? Senate Republicans deeply split in wake of tape controversy	Whos with Trump? Senate Republicans deeply split in wake of tape controversy	1
Donald Trump's call for poll watchers sounds like an invitation to harass minority voters .	Trump's plea for voting watchers sounds like an invitation to harass minority voters	1
Donald Trump's call for poll watchers sounds like an invitation to harass minority voters .	Donald Trumps Call for Poll Watchers Sounds Like an Invitation to Harm Minority Voters.	1
Mars is about to get some new inhabitants , both in orbit and on its surface	Mars is about to have some new inhabitants, both on its surface and in orbit!	1
Mars is about to get some new inhabitants , both in orbit and on its surface	Mars is about to welcome some new inhabitants, in both orbit and on its surface	1
Mars is about to get some new inhabitants , both in orbit and on its surface	Mars is about to get some new inhabitants, both in orbit and on its surface.	1
Mars is about to get some new inhabitants , both in orbit and on its surface	Mars is about to get some new inhabitants, both in orbit and on its surface	1
Mars is about to get some new inhabitants , both in orbit and on its surface	Mars is getting some new inhabitants, both in orbit and on its surface.	1
Mars is about to get some new inhabitants , both in orbit and on its surface	Mars is about to have some new inhabitants, both in its orbit and on its surface	1
At previous debates , Melania Trump and Bill Clinton shook hands .	At previous debates, Melania Trump and Bill Clinton shake hands.	1
At previous debates , Melania Trump and Bill Clinton shook hands .	At earlier debates, Melania Trump and Bill Clinton have shook hands.	1
At previous debates , Melania Trump and Bill Clinton shook hands .	At previous debates, Melania Trump and Bill Clinton shook hands.	1
At previous debates , Melania Trump and Bill Clinton shook hands .	At previous debates, Melania Trump and Bill Clinton have shook hands.	1
At previous debates , Melania Trump and Bill Clinton shook hands .	At past debates, Melania Trump and Bill Clinton shook hands.	1
New @Reuters /Ipsos projection gives Clinton a 95% chance of winning Electoral College vote .	A new Reuters/Ipsos prediction gives Clinton a 95% chance of winning the Electoral College vote.	1
My Trump-supporting dad and I made a pact not to talk politics . I broke it on Friday	My Trump-supporting dad and I made a pact not to talk politics. I broke it on Friday.	1
My Trump-supporting dad and I made a pact not to talk politics . I broke it on Friday	My Trump-Supporting Dad and I Made a Pact Not to Talk Politics. I Breaked It on Friday	1
My Trump-supporting dad and I made a pact not to talk politics . I broke it on Friday	My Trump-Supporting Dad and I Made a Pact Not to Talk Politics. I Breaked It on Friday.	1
My Trump-supporting dad and I made a pact not to talk politics . I broke it on Friday	My Trump-supporting father and I made a pact not to talk politics. We broke it on Friday	1
My Trump-supporting dad and I made a pact not to talk politics . I broke it on Friday	My Trump-supporting dad and I made a pact not to talk politics. I broke it on Friday	1
My Trump-supporting dad and I made a pact not to talk politics . I broke it on Friday	My Trump-Supporting Father and I Made a Pact Not to Talk Politics. I Breaked It on Friday.	1
My Trump-supporting dad and I made a pact not to talk politics . I broke it on Friday	My Trump-Supporting Father and I Made a Pact Not to Talk Politics. I Broken It on Friday.	1
My Trump-supporting dad and I made a pact not to talk politics . I broke it on Friday	My Trump-Supporting Father and I Made a Pact Not to Talk Politics. I Broke It On Friday	1
My Trump-supporting dad and I made a pact not to talk politics . I broke it on Friday	My Trump-supporting dad and I made a pact not to talk politics and broke it on Friday	1
My Trump-supporting dad and I made a pact not to talk politics . I broke it on Friday	My Trump-Supporting Dad and I Made a Pact Not to Talk Politics. I Broken It on Friday.	1
My Trump-supporting dad and I made a pact not to talk politics . I broke it on Friday	The Trump-supporting dad and I made a pact not to talk politics. And broke it on Friday	1
My Trump-supporting dad and I made a pact not to talk politics . I broke it on Friday	My Trump-Supporting Dad and I Made a Pact Not to Talk Politics. I Broken It on Friday	1
A onetime advice columnist realizes the more she learns about love , the less she knows	A onetime advice columnist realized that the more she learns about love, the less she knows	1
A onetime advice columnist realizes the more she learns about love , the less she knows	One Time Advice Columnist Recognizes the More She Learns About Love, the Less She Knows	1
Trump just body shamed the first female presidential candidate in history .	Trump just body shamed the first female presidential candidate in history.	1
Trump just body shamed the first female presidential candidate in history .	Donald Trump just body shamed the first female presidential candidate in history.	1
Trump just body shamed the first female presidential candidate in history .	Trump just body shamed the first female presidential candidate in history	1
Franois Mitterrand's love letters draw an intimate portrait of the other woman	Love letters by Franois Mitterrand draw an intimate portrait of the other woman	1
The clandestine Somalia campaign is a blueprint for warfare that Obama has embraced and will pass to his successor	The clandestine Somalia campaign is a blueprint for warfare - Obama has embraced and will pass to his successor	1
The clandestine Somalia campaign is a blueprint for warfare that Obama has embraced and will pass to his successor	The clandestine Somalia campaign is a blueprint for warfare, a decision Obama has embraced and will pass to his successor.	1
The clandestine Somalia campaign is a blueprint for warfare that Obama has embraced and will pass to his successor	The clandestine Somalia campaign is a blueprint for warfare that Obama has embraced and will pass to his successor.	1
The clandestine Somalia campaign is a blueprint for warfare that Obama has embraced and will pass to his successor	The clandestine Somalia campaign is a blueprint for warfare Obama has embraced and will pass to his successor	1
The clandestine Somalia campaign is a blueprint for warfare that Obama has embraced and will pass to his successor	The clandestine Somalia campaign is a blueprint for warfare Obama has embraced and will pass to his successor.	1
The Black Panther Party is often associated with armed resistance , but one of its most potent weapons was artwork	The black Panther Party is often associated with armed resistance, but one of its most potent weapons was its artwork.	1
The Black Panther Party is often associated with armed resistance , but one of its most potent weapons was artwork	The Black Panther Party is often associated with armed resistance, but one of its most potent weapons was its artwork.	1
7 biggest revelations from WikiLeaks release of Podesta emails	7 Biggest revelations from WikiLeaks Podesta Emails Release	1
David Letterman shop at Target these days	David Letterman Shops at Target These Days	1
Some Americans are cutting up Trump ties , canceling stays at Trump hotels and no longer drinking Trump wines	Some Americans are to give up their Trump ties, canceling stays at Trump hotels and no longer drinking Trump wines.	1
Some Americans are cutting up Trump ties , canceling stays at Trump hotels and no longer drinking Trump wines	Some Americans are cutting up Trump ties, canceling Trump hotels, and no longer drinking Trump wines	1
Some Americans are cutting up Trump ties , canceling stays at Trump hotels and no longer drinking Trump wines	Some Americans are cutting up Trump ties, canceling Trump hotels and no longer drinking Trump wines	1
Some Americans are cutting up Trump ties , canceling stays at Trump hotels and no longer drinking Trump wines	Some Americans are limiting their Trump ties, cancelling Trump hotels and no longer drinking Trump wines.	1
A Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people	A Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people.	1
A Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people	A Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy elderly people	1
A Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people	Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy old people	1
A Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people	The current Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people	1
A Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people	Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy elderly people.	1
A Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people	New Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people.	1
A Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people	Dutch Law Would Allow Assisted Suicide for Healthy Older People	1
A Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people	The new Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy, older people.	1
A Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people	Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy old people.	1
A Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people	Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people	1
A Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people	Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people.	1
A Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy older people	A Dutch law would allow assisted suicide for healthy old people	1
7 ways Russia is telling people to prepare for war	7 ways Russia tells people to prepare for war	1
7 ways Russia is telling people to prepare for war	7 Ways Russia Tells People to Prepare For War	1
7 ways Russia is telling people to prepare for war	7 ways Russia is telling people to prepare for war.	1
7 ways Russia is telling people to prepare for war	7 ways Russia tells people to prepare for war.	1
There are TWO TRILLION galaxies in the Universe . And that's not even the coolest thing	There Are 2 Trillion Galaxies in the Universe. And That's Not Even the Coolest Thing	1
There are TWO TRILLION galaxies in the Universe . And that's not even the coolest thing	Two Trillion Galaxies Are in the Universe. Thats Not Even the Coolest Thing.	1
There are TWO TRILLION galaxies in the Universe . And that's not even the coolest thing	There Are Two Trillion Galaxies in the Universe. And That's Not Even the Coolest Thing.	1
There are TWO TRILLION galaxies in the Universe . And that's not even the coolest thing	There are 2 Trillion Galaxies in the Universe. And that's not even the coolest thing.	1
There are TWO TRILLION galaxies in the Universe . And that's not even the coolest thing	There are 2 Trillion Galaxies in the Universe. And Thats Not Even the Coolest	1
Donald Trump's campaign manager No , I do not believe " there will be widespread voter fraud	Trump's campaign manager: No, I do not believe " there will be widespread voter fraud"	1
Alt Right trolls argue for hours with Twitter bot	Alt right trolls argue with Twitter bot for hours	1
Alt Right trolls argue for hours with Twitter bot	Alt Right trolls argue with Twitterbot for hours	1
Alt Right trolls argue for hours with Twitter bot	Alt right trolls argue with twitterbot for hours	1
Florida youth football coach shot , killed in front of horrified team	Florida Youth Football Coach Shot and Killed in Front of Horrified Team	1
Florida youth football coach shot , killed in front of horrified team	Florida youth football coach shot, killed in front horrified team	1
Samsung estimates a $2.3 billion loss over its Galaxy Note 7 troubles	Samsung Expects $2.3 Billion Loss Over Galaxy Note 7 Problems	1
Samsung estimates a $2.3 billion loss over its Galaxy Note 7 troubles	Samsung is estimating a $2.3 billion loss due to its Galaxy Note 7 issues	1
Samsung estimates a $2.3 billion loss over its Galaxy Note 7 troubles	Samsung estimates $2.3 billion loss over Galaxy Note 7 problems	1
Trump just went full anime . You never go full anime .	Trump just went full anime. You never go full Anime.	1
A federal court has extended Florida's voter registration deadline due to Hurricane Matthew	A federal court extended Florida's voter registration deadline due to Hurricane Matthew	1
A federal court has extended Florida's voter registration deadline due to Hurricane Matthew	A federal court extended Florida's voter registration deadline due to Hurricane Matthew.	1
A federal court has extended Florida's voter registration deadline due to Hurricane Matthew	A federal court extends Florida's voter registration deadline for the state due to Hurricane Matthew	1
A federal court has extended Florida's voter registration deadline due to Hurricane Matthew	A federal court extended Florida's voter registration deadline pending Hurricane Matthew	1
A federal court has extended Florida's voter registration deadline due to Hurricane Matthew	A federal court extends Florida's voter registration deadline due to Hurricane Matthew	1
A federal court has extended Florida's voter registration deadline due to Hurricane Matthew	A federal court extended Florida's voter registration deadline until after Hurricane Matthew	1
A federal court has extended Florida's voter registration deadline due to Hurricane Matthew	A federal court has extended Florida's voter registration deadline due to Hurricane Matthew.	1
Wheelchair-bound woman raped by refugees at Sweden asylum center , police say	Wheelchair-bound woman raped by refugees at Sweden asylum centre, police say	1
Wheelchair-bound woman raped by refugees at Sweden asylum center , police say	Wheelchair-bound woman raped by refugees in Sweden asylum center, police say	1
Wheelchair-bound woman raped by refugees at Sweden asylum center , police say	Wheelchair-bound woman raped by refugees at Sweden asylum center, police say	1
Wheelchair-bound woman raped by refugees at Sweden asylum center , police say	Wheelchair bound woman raped by refugees at Sweden asylum center, police say	1
In 1988 , George H.W. Bush found the idea of Donald Trump in office to be " strange and unbelievable	George H.W. Bush found the idea of Donald Trump in office in 1988 as " strange and unbelievable.	1
In 1988 , George H.W. Bush found the idea of Donald Trump in office to be " strange and unbelievable	In 1988 George H.W. Bush Found the Idea of Donald Trump in Office as Strange and Unbelievable	1
Protests over race relations have roiled sports . The Giants met with Cory Booker to find ways to get involved .	Protests Over Race Relations Have Roiled Sports The Giants Meet With Cory Booker to Find Ways to Get Involved	1
Hillary Clinton told a Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria	During a Goldman Sachs Event in 2013, Hillary Clinton said that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria.	1
Hillary Clinton told a Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria	Hillary Clinton told a Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria.	1
Hillary Clinton told a Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria	Clinton told Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria	1
Hillary Clinton told a Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria	In 2013 Hillary Clinton told a Goldman Sachs event that she had no problem acting secretly in Syria.	1
Hillary Clinton told a Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria	Hillary Clinton said at a Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria	1
Hillary Clinton told a Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria	Hillary Clinton said at a Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria.	1
Hillary Clinton told a Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria	Clinton Tells Goldman Sachs Event in 2013 That She Had No Problem Acting Secretly Inside Syria	1
Hillary Clinton told a Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria	Clinton told a Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria	1
Hillary Clinton told a Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria	Hillary Clinton said in 2013 at a Goldman Sachs event that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria.	1
Hillary Clinton told a Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria	Hillary Clinton told Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria.	1
Hillary Clinton told a Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria	Hillary Clinton said at a 2013 Goldman Sachs event that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria.	1
Hillary Clinton told a Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria	Clinton told Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria.	1
Hillary Clinton told a Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria	Clinton told a Goldman Sachs event in 2013 that she had no problem acting secretly inside Syria.	1
Sad news for elderly lonely hearts in Shanghai they can no longer look for love in Ikea .	Sad news for elderly lonely hearts in Shanghai, they can no longer look for love in Ikea.	1
We interviewed dozens of Trump supporters . Nearly every one dismissed reports about his misbehavior toward women .	We interview dozens of Trump supporters. Most of them dismissed reports about his misbehavior toward women.	1
Hinge wants to become more like and less like Tinder .	Hinge wants to become more like and less like Tinder.	1
Hinge wants to become more like and less like Tinder .	Hinge wants to be more like and less like Tinder.	1
Hinge wants to become more like and less like Tinder .	Hinge wants to become more and less like Tinder.	1
Hinge wants to become more like and less like Tinder .	Hinge wants to become more like, and less like, Tinder.	1
Hinge wants to become more like and less like Tinder .	Hinge wants to become more like, and less like Tinder.	1
I believe the media is more crooked than crooked Hillary and that's a lot	I believe the media is more crooked than crooked Hillary, and that's a lot.	1
I believe the media is more crooked than crooked Hillary and that's a lot	I believe the media is more crooked than crooked Hillary. and that's a lot.	1
3rd Presidential Debate What To Watch For NPR from @MaraLiasson	3rd Presidential Debate What To Watch From NPR From @MaraLiasson	1
The math is grim for Donald Trump	Math is grim for Donald Trump	1
The math is grim for Donald Trump	Math is grim for Donald Trump.	1
Donald Trump called Mike Tyson rape conviction " a travesty " in a 1992 radio interview	Donald Trump has called Tyson's rape conviction a " travesty " in a 1992 radio interview	1
Donald Trump called Mike Tyson rape conviction " a travesty " in a 1992 radio interview	Trump called Tyson rape conviction 'a travesty' in 1992 radio interview	1
Donald Trump called Mike Tyson rape conviction " a travesty " in a 1992 radio interview	Trump called Tyson rape conviction a " travesty " in 1992 radio interview	1
Donald Trump called Mike Tyson rape conviction " a travesty " in a 1992 radio interview	Trump called Tyson rape conviction'a travesty'in 1992 radio interview.	1
Donald Trump called Mike Tyson rape conviction " a travesty " in a 1992 radio interview	In 1992, Trump called Tyson rape conviction a " travesty " in a 1992 radio interview.	1
Donald Trump called Mike Tyson rape conviction " a travesty " in a 1992 radio interview	Trump called Tyson rape conviction a travesty in 1992 radio interview	1
Donald Trump called Mike Tyson rape conviction " a travesty " in a 1992 radio interview	Trump called Tyson rape conviction'a travesty'in 1992 radio interview	1
Donald Trump called Mike Tyson rape conviction " a travesty " in a 1992 radio interview	Donald Trump called Tyson's rape conviction " a travesty " in 1992 radio interview.	1
Donald Trump called Mike Tyson rape conviction " a travesty " in a 1992 radio interview	Trump calls Tyson rape conviction a travesty'in 1992 radio interview.	1
Donald Trump called Mike Tyson rape conviction " a travesty " in a 1992 radio interview	Trump called Tyson rape conviction a travesty in 1992 radio interview.	1
Donald Trump called Mike Tyson rape conviction " a travesty " in a 1992 radio interview	Trump calls Tyson's rape conviction a " travesty " in 1992 radio interview	1
Donald Trump called Mike Tyson rape conviction " a travesty " in a 1992 radio interview	Trump called Tyson rape conviction a " travesty " in 1992 Radio interview.	1
Donald Trump called Mike Tyson rape conviction " a travesty " in a 1992 radio interview	Trump called Tyson's rape conviction 'a travesty' in 1992 radio interview	1
Donald Trump called Mike Tyson rape conviction " a travesty " in a 1992 radio interview	Donald Trump called Tyson rape conviction 'a travesty' in 1992 radio interview.	1
Donald Trump called Mike Tyson rape conviction " a travesty " in a 1992 radio interview	In 1992, Donald Trump called Tyson's rape conviction a " travesty " in a 1992 radio interview.	1
Donald Trump called Mike Tyson rape conviction " a travesty " in a 1992 radio interview	Trump called Tyson's rape conviction a travesty in 1992 radio interview	1
Donald Trump called Mike Tyson rape conviction " a travesty " in a 1992 radio interview	Donald Trump called Tyson's rape conviction a travesty in 1992 radio interview	1
Donald Trump called Mike Tyson rape conviction " a travesty " in a 1992 radio interview	Donald Trump called Tyson rape conviction a " travesty " in 1992 radio interview	1
Paul Ryan's off , then on , then off again relationship with Donald Trump	Paul Ryan's off, then on, then off again relationship with Donald Trump	1
Paul Ryan's off , then on , then off again relationship with Donald Trump	Paul Ryan, Off, then On, then Off Again Relationship With Donald Trump	1
Paul Ryan's off , then on , then off again relationship with Donald Trump	Ryan's off, then on, then off again relationship with Donald Trump.	1
Paul Ryan's off , then on , then off again relationship with Donald Trump	Paul Ryans Off, then on, then off again relationship with Donald Trump	1
Paul Ryan's off , then on , then off again relationship with Donald Trump	Paul Ryan s Off, then On, then Off Again Relationship with Donald Trump	1
Paul Ryan's off , then on , then off again relationship with Donald Trump	Paul Ryans Off, then On, then Off Again Relationship With Donald Trump	1
Donald Trump's " continued flattery " of Putin is " unprecedented in American politics	Donald Trump's " continued flattery " of Putin is " unprecedented in American politics.	1
Donald Trump's " continued flattery " of Putin is " unprecedented in American politics	Trump's'continued flattery'of Putin is " unprecedented in American politics	1
Donald Trump's " continued flattery " of Putin is " unprecedented in American politics	Donald Trump's " continued flattery " of Putin is unprecedented in American politics	1
Donald Trump's " continued flattery " of Putin is " unprecedented in American politics	Trump's " continued flattery " of Putin is unprecedented in American politics	1
The definitive guide to cord-cutting in 2016 , based on your habits	The Definitive Guide to Cord-Cutting in 2016 Based on Your Habits	1
The definitive guide to cord-cutting in 2016 , based on your habits	The Definitive Guide to Cord-Cutting in 2016, Based on Your Habits.	1
The definitive guide to cord-cutting in 2016 , based on your habits	The Complete Guide to Cord-Cutting in 2016 based on Your Habits	1
The definitive guide to cord-cutting in 2016 , based on your habits	The Definitive Guide to Cord-Cutting in 2016, Based on Your Habits	1
The definitive guide to cord-cutting in 2016 , based on your habits	The Complete Guide to Cord-Cutting in 2016. Depending on Your Habits	1
The definitive guide to cord-cutting in 2016 , based on your habits	The definitive guide to cord-cutting in 2016 based on your habits	1
Hillary Clinton is narrowing in on Donald Trump's lead in Texas , according to a new poll	Hillary Clinton is narrowing in on Donald Trump's lead in Texas, according to a new poll	1
Bollywood actress @priyankachopra apologises after modelling an " insensitive " top for a magazine cover	Bollywood star @priyankachopra has apologised for sporting an'insensitive' top for a magazine cover	1
Its the Great Pumpkin , Charlie Brown ' special celebrates its 50th anniversary this month .	It's the great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown'special celebrates its 50th anniversary this month.	1
Its the Great Pumpkin , Charlie Brown ' special celebrates its 50th anniversary this month .	Its the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown'special celebrates its 50th anniversary this month	1
Its the Great Pumpkin , Charlie Brown ' special celebrates its 50th anniversary this month .	Its the Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown'Special Celebrates 50th Anniversary This Month	1
Fears for child bride Zeinab Sekaanvand who could be hanged within days in Iran	They fear for child bride Zeinab Sekaanvand, who could be hanged within days in Iran	1
The Funniest Living Writers Choose the Funniest Books in the World	The funniest living writers choose the funniest books in the world.	1
The Funniest Living Writers Choose the Funniest Books in the World	The Funniest Living Writers Pick the Funniest Books in the World	1
The Funniest Living Writers Choose the Funniest Books in the World	The Funniest Living Writers Pick the Funniest Books in the World.	1
Glenn Beck says opposing Trump is " moral , ethical " even if it means Clinton wins	Glenn Beck says opposing Trump is "moral, ethical" even if Clinton wins	1
Glenn Beck says opposing Trump is " moral , ethical " even if it means Clinton wins	Glenn Beck says opposing Trump is moral, ethical Even if Clinton wins	1
Glenn Beck says opposing Trump is " moral , ethical " even if it means Clinton wins	Glenn Beck Says Opposing Trump Is Moral, Ethical Even If Clinton Wins	1
Glenn Beck says opposing Trump is " moral , ethical " even if it means Clinton wins	Glenn Beck Says Opposing Trump Is Moral, Ethical Even if Clinton Wins	1
Glenn Beck says opposing Trump is " moral , ethical " even if it means Clinton wins	Glenn Beck says opposing Trump is moral and ethical. even if it means Clinton wins.	1
He's fine with the system when he wins the primary , but now he's pre-emptively claiming precinct-level fraud ?	He's OK with the system when he wins primary, but now he's preemptively claiming Precinct-level fraud?	1
He's fine with the system when he wins the primary , but now he's pre-emptively claiming precinct-level fraud ?	Hes fine with the system when he wins primary, but now he's preemptively claiming precinct-level fraud?	1
He's fine with the system when he wins the primary , but now he's pre-emptively claiming precinct-level fraud ?	At first, he's fine with the system when he wins the primary, but now he's preemptively claiming precinct-level fraud?	1
Trump embraces the new tone of his campaign .	Trump embraces the new tone of his campaign.	1
Nominate your choice for Best Technology in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Best Tech in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	1
Nominate your choice for Best Technology in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Best Tech in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards!	1
Nominate your choice for Best Technology in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Best Technology in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards.	1
Nominate your choice for Best Technology in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Best Technology in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards!	1
It lost black voters . Now its losing Latinos . Whats left is a broken , white GOP	It lost black voters. Now its losing Latinos. Whats left is a broken, white GOP	1
It lost black voters . Now its losing Latinos . Whats left is a broken , white GOP	It Lost Black Voters. Now Its Losing Latinos. Whats Left Is a Broken, White GOP	1
It lost black voters . Now its losing Latinos . Whats left is a broken , white GOP	It Lost Black Voters. Now Its Losing Latinos. Whats Left Is a Broken, White GOP.	1
Nominate your choice for Best App in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Best App at the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	1
Nominate your choice for Best App in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Best App at The 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	1
Nominate your choice for Best App in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Best App in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards Nominate your choice for Best App	1
Nominate your choice for Best App in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Best App in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards.	1
Check out the weekly round-up from the NPR Politics podcast .	Check out the weekly round-up from the NPR Politics Podcast.	1
Check out the weekly round-up from the NPR Politics podcast .	Check out the NPR Politics Weekly Round-Up podcast.	1
Check out the weekly round-up from the NPR Politics podcast .	Check out our weekly round-up of the NPR Politics podcast.	1
Dramatic photo captures rare " bottlenose dolphin aggression	A Dramatic Photo Captures Rare Bottlenose Dolphin Aggression	1
Dramatic photo captures rare " bottlenose dolphin aggression	A dramatic photo captures a rare " bottlenose dolphin aggression.	1
Pokmon Go players took 26% more steps than before using the app , a new study finds	Pokmon Go Users Taked 26% More Steps Than Before Using the App a new study finds	1
Trump says EVERYTHING is broken , rigged , awful , a disaster	Trump says EVERYTHING is broken, rigged, awful, a disaster	1
Trump says EVERYTHING is broken , rigged , awful , a disaster	Donald Trump says EVERYTHING is broken, rigged, awful, a disaster	1
Our executive editor Dean Baquet called this story , " some of the year's most important journalism	Our Executive Editor Dean Baquet Called This Story,'Some of the Year's Most Important Journalism	1
Our executive editor Dean Baquet called this story , " some of the year's most important journalism	Executive Editor Dean Baquet called this story,'some of the year's most important journalism	1
Our executive editor Dean Baquet called this story , " some of the year's most important journalism	Our executive editor Dean Baquet called this story, " some of the year's most important journalism	1
Our executive editor Dean Baquet called this story , " some of the year's most important journalism	Our Executive Editor Dean Baquet called this story'some of the year's most important journalism	1
Schedule your time more deliberately so you can be a better friend and family member	Schedule your time more deliberately so you can be a better friend and family member!	1
Schedule your time more deliberately so you can be a better friend and family member	Schedule your time more deliberately so you can be a better friend or family member	1
Schedule your time more deliberately so you can be a better friend and family member	Schedule your time more deliberately so you can be a better friend or family member.	1
Schedule your time more deliberately so you can be a better friend and family member	Schedule your time wisely so you can be a better friend or family member.	1
Schedule your time more deliberately so you can be a better friend and family member	Schedule your time more deliberately so that you can be a better friend or family member	1
Schedule your time more deliberately so you can be a better friend and family member	Schedule your time more carefully, so you can be a better friend or family member	1
Schedule your time more deliberately so you can be a better friend and family member	Schedule your time more deliberately so that you can be a better friend or family member.	1
Schedule your time more deliberately so you can be a better friend and family member	Schedule your time more deliberately so that you can be a better friend and family member	1
Schedule your time more deliberately so you can be a better friend and family member	Schedule your time more deliberately so that you can be a better friend and family member.	1
Schedule your time more deliberately so you can be a better friend and family member	Scheduling your time more mindfully so that you can be a better friend and family member.	1
The married journalist who rejected Trumps advances ? He later tried to fire her	Married Journalist who rejected Trumps advances? He later tried to fire her.	1
The married journalist who rejected Trumps advances ? He later tried to fire her	The Married Journalist Who Rejected Trumps Advances? He Later Tried to Fire Her.	1
Dear God , maybe Trump is right and Scalia was murdered .	Dear God, maybe Trump is right and Scalia was assassinated.	1
Dear God , maybe Trump is right and Scalia was murdered .	Dear God, maybe Trump is right and Scalia was murdered.	1
Dear God , maybe Trump is right and Scalia was murdered .	Oh my god, maybe Trump is right and Scalia was murdered.	1
Dear God , maybe Trump is right and Scalia was murdered .	Dear God, maybe Trump is right, and Scalia was assassinated.	1
TripAdvisor will no longer sell tickets to animal attractions like elephant rides and dolphin swims	TripAdvisor will no longer sell tickets to attractions like elephant rides and dolphin swims.	1
How artificial intelligence is changing online retail forever	How Artificial Intelligence Is Changeing Online Retail Forever	1
Where should you live to escape climate change ? Welcome to Boise !	Where Should You Live to Escape Climate Change? Welcome to Boise!	1
Putin orders Russian officials ' relatives studying abroad to return home , reports claim	Putin orders Russian officials'relatives studying abroad to return home, reports claim	1
Pedals , known for walking upright , was thought to have been one of 487 bears killed by hunters in N.J. last week	Pedals, known for walking upright, believed to have been one of 487 bears killed by hunters in New Jersey last week.	1
Pedals , known for walking upright , was thought to have been one of 487 bears killed by hunters in N.J. last week	Pedals, known for walking upright, believed to have been one of 487 bears killed by hunters in New Jersey last week	1
Give that writer a ticket ! A new program will let playwrights see theater for free .	Give a Writer a Ticket! A new program will let playwrights see the theater for FREE	1
Give that writer a ticket ! A new program will let playwrights see theater for free .	Give That Writer a Ticket! New program will let playwrights see theater for free.	1
Give that writer a ticket ! A new program will let playwrights see theater for free .	Give a Writer a Ticket! A new program will let playwrights see theater for free	1
Give that writer a ticket ! A new program will let playwrights see theater for free .	Give that writer a ticket. A new program will let playwrights see theatre for free.	1
Give that writer a ticket ! A new program will let playwrights see theater for free .	Give That Writer a Ticket! A new program will let playwrights see theater for free	1
Give that writer a ticket ! A new program will let playwrights see theater for free .	Give That Writer a Ticket! A new program will let playwrights see theater for free.	1
Give that writer a ticket ! A new program will let playwrights see theater for free .	Writers can receive a free ticket. A new program will let playwrights see theatre for free.	1
Give that writer a ticket ! A new program will let playwrights see theater for free .	Give that writer a ticket. A new program will let playwrights see the theatre for free.	1
Give that writer a ticket ! A new program will let playwrights see theater for free .	Give that writer a ticket! New program will let playwrights see theater for free!	1
These soft robotic muscles could help with physical therapy	Soft robotic muscles could help with physical therapy.	1
These soft robotic muscles could help with physical therapy	Soft robotic muscles could aid physical therapy	1
These soft robotic muscles could help with physical therapy	Soft Robotic Muscles Could Help With Physical Therapy	1
These soft robotic muscles could help with physical therapy	Soft robotic muscles can support physical therapy	1
Rare surgery to separate brothers conjoined at head @drsanjaygupta is at @MontefioreNYC	A very rare surgery to separate brothers conjoined at head @drsanjaygupta is at @MontefioreNYC	1
Freed students reunite with families in Nigeria	The freed students reunite with their families in Nigeria.	1
Are we entering a new Cold War ?	Are we in for a new Cold War?	1
Are we entering a new Cold War ?	Were We in a New Cold War?	1
Are we entering a new Cold War ?	Were we entering a new Cold War?	1
Are we entering a new Cold War ?	Are We in a New Cold War?	1
Are we entering a new Cold War ?	Are we entering a new Cold War?	1
Are we entering a new Cold War ?	Are we in a new Cold War?	1
President Obama explains why you can't run the US like a startup	President Obama explains why you can't run the US like a startup.	1
President Obama explains why you can't run the US like a startup	president Obama explains why you can't run the US like a startup.	1
President Obama explains why you can't run the US like a startup	President Barack Obama explains why you can't run the US like a startup	1
Facebook embraces utility with food ordering , ticketing , and recommendations	Facebook Embraces Utility with Food Ordering, Ticketing, and Recommendations	1
Facebook embraces utility with food ordering , ticketing , and recommendations	Facebook embraces utility with food ordering, ticketing, and recommendations	1
They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam . At first they ate rice and maize . Then food became scarce .	They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam : At first they ate rice and maize and then food became scarce.	1
They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam . At first they ate rice and maize . Then food became scarce .	They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam. At first they consumed rice and maize and then scarce food became scarce.	1
They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam . At first they ate rice and maize . Then food became scarce .	They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam, eating rice and maize at first and then food became scarce.	1
They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam . At first they ate rice and maize . Then food became scarce .	They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam, at first they ate rice and maize, then the food became scarce.	1
They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam . At first they ate rice and maize . Then food became scarce .	They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam, they ate rice and maize first, then scarce food became scarce.	1
They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam . At first they ate rice and maize . Then food became scarce .	They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam : at first they ate rice and maize, then the food became scarce.	1
They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam . At first they ate rice and maize . Then food became scarce .	They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam, they ate rice and maize at first, then became scarce.	1
They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam . At first they ate rice and maize . Then food became scarce .	They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam, ate first rice and maize, then food became scarce.	1
They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam . At first they ate rice and maize . Then food became scarce .	They lived in huts and were forced to convert to Islam, eating first rice and maize, then food became scarce.	1
Over 170 countries agreed to cut a planet-warming chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators	Over 170 countries agree to cut a planet-warming chemical in air-conditioners and refrigerators	1
Over 170 countries agreed to cut a planet-warming chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators	Over 170 nations committed to cut a planet-warming chemical in air-conditioners and fridges.	1
I could see myself " meeting with Vladimir Putin even before I'm president	I could see myself'meeting with Vladimir Putin even before I'm president	1
I could see myself " meeting with Vladimir Putin even before I'm president	I could see myself'meeting with Vladimir Putin before I'm president.	1
I could see myself " meeting with Vladimir Putin even before I'm president	I could see myself'meeting with Vladimir Putin even before I'm president.	1
I could see myself " meeting with Vladimir Putin even before I'm president	I could see myself'meeting with Putin before I'm president	1
Trump promises further attacks against Clintons if more tapes of his conduct are released	Trump would also attack Clintons if more tapes of his conduct were released	1
Trump promises further attacks against Clintons if more tapes of his conduct are released	Trump will continue to attack Clinton if more tapes of his conduct are released	1
Trump promises further attacks against Clintons if more tapes of his conduct are released	Trump promises more attacks against Clintons if more tapes of his conduct are released	1
Trump promises further attacks against Clintons if more tapes of his conduct are released	Trump Threatens More Attacks Against Clintons If More Tapes Of His Conduct Are Released	1
Trump promises further attacks against Clintons if more tapes of his conduct are released	Trump is going to demand more attacks against Clintons if more tapes of his conduct are released	1
Trump promises further attacks against Clintons if more tapes of his conduct are released	Trump has promised more attacks against Hillary Clinton if more tapes of his conduct are released	1
Trump promises further attacks against Clintons if more tapes of his conduct are released	Trump promises more attacks against Clintons if more tapes of his conduct are released.	1
Trump promises further attacks against Clintons if more tapes of his conduct are released	Trump promises further attacks against Clintons if more tapes of his conduct are released.	1
Trump promises further attacks against Clintons if more tapes of his conduct are released	Trump vows to attack Clintons if more tapes are released of his conduct	1
Trump promises further attacks against Clintons if more tapes of his conduct are released	Trump says he will make more attacks against Clintons if more tapes are released of his conduct.	1
Updating the list of accusations against Trump as we speak .	Updating the list of accusations against Trump as we speak.	1
Updating the list of accusations against Trump as we speak .	Updating the list of accusations against Trump as we speak	1
Watch SNL abandon their VP debate sketch to address the Trump pussy-grabbing fiasco	Watch SNL abandon their VP debate sketch to address Trump's pussy-grabbing fiasco	1
How VR helped me grasp the life of a transgender wheelchair user	How VR helped me grasp the life of a transgender wheelchair user.	1
Giuliani says he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero . Here are photos of them together	Giuliani says he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero. Here are photos of them.	1
Giuliani says he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero . Here are photos of them together	Giuliani says he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero. Here are photos of them both together	1
Giuliani says he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero . Here are photos of them together	Giuliani says he didn't see Hillary at Ground Zero. Here are photos of them together	1
Giuliani says he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero . Here are photos of them together	Giuliani says he didn't see Hillary at Ground Zero. Here are photos of them together.	1
Giuliani says he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero . Here are photos of them together	Giuliani says he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero. Here are photos of them there	1
Giuliani says he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero . Here are photos of them together	Giuliani says he never saw Hillary at Ground Zero. Here are photos of them together	1
At Wells Fargo , complaints about fraudulent accounts since 2005	At Wells Fargo, Complaints About Fraudulent Accounts Since 2005.	1
At Wells Fargo , complaints about fraudulent accounts since 2005	At Wells Fargo, complaints about fraudulent accounts since 2005	1
Scotland Yard is charging a Cardiff man for teaching people how to use crypto software	Scotland Yard to Charge Cardiff Man for Teaching People How To Use Crypto Software	1
We asked Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump your questions . Only Mrs. Clintons campaign responded .	We asked Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Trump your questions. Only Mrs. Clintons campaign responded.	1
The group currently has more than 20 active lawsuits involving Hillary Clinton	Currently, the group has more than 20 active lawsuits involving Hillary Clinton.	1
The group currently has more than 20 active lawsuits involving Hillary Clinton	The group is currently handling more than 20 active lawsuits involving Hillary Clinton.	1
Remote Year raises $12 million to combine remote work and global travel	Remote Year raises $12 million for combining remote work and global travel	1
tweet me your first assaults Within hours , she was getting over 50 responses a minute .	Tweet your first assaults Within hours, she was getting over 50 responses a minute.	1
tweet me your first assaults Within hours , she was getting over 50 responses a minute .	Tweet me your first assaults within hours, she was getting over 50 responses a minute.	1
tweet me your first assaults Within hours , she was getting over 50 responses a minute .	Tweeted me your first assaults within hours, and she was getting over 50 responses a minute.	1
New Smithsonian museum ignores Justice Thomas legacy , despite focus on Anita Hill	A new Smithsonian museum ignores Justice Thomas legacy, despite focus on Anita Hill	1
New Smithsonian museum ignores Justice Thomas legacy , despite focus on Anita Hill	New Smithsonian Museum ignores Justice Thomas legacy, despite focus on Anita Hill	1
New Smithsonian museum ignores Justice Thomas legacy , despite focus on Anita Hill	New Smithsonian museum ignores Justice Thomas legacy, despite focus on Anita Hill	1
New Smithsonian museum ignores Justice Thomas legacy , despite focus on Anita Hill	New Smithsonian Museum Ignores Justice Thomas Legacy, Despite Focus on Anita Hill	1
The language that politicians used to chastise Donald Trump said a lot about their own attitudes toward women	In other words, the language politicians used to chastise Trump said a lot about their own attitudes toward women.	1
The language that politicians used to chastise Donald Trump said a lot about their own attitudes toward women	The language politicians used to chastise Donald Trump said a lot about their own attitudes toward women.	1
The language that politicians used to chastise Donald Trump said a lot about their own attitudes toward women	The language politicians used to chastise Trump said a lot about their own attitudes toward women.	1
The language that politicians used to chastise Donald Trump said a lot about their own attitudes toward women	The language that politicians used to chastise Donald Trump included a lot about their own attitudes toward women.	1
That was incredibly weird , gross , and disturbing , even if youre partly inured to Trump	This is incredibly weird, gross, and disturbing, even if youre part-inured to Trump	1
That was incredibly weird , gross , and disturbing , even if youre partly inured to Trump	That Was incredibly Strange, Gross, and Disturbing, Even if Youre Part Inured to Trump	1
That was incredibly weird , gross , and disturbing , even if youre partly inured to Trump	This was incredibly weird, gross, and disturbing, even if youre partially inured to Trump.	1
That was incredibly weird , gross , and disturbing , even if youre partly inured to Trump	That Was incredibly Strange, Gross, and Disgusting, Even if Youre Partly Inured to Trump	1
That was incredibly weird , gross , and disturbing , even if youre partly inured to Trump	That was incredibly weird, gross, and disturbing, even if youre partly inured to Trump	1
Researchers accidentally turn carbon dioxide into ethanol	Researchers accidentally turn carbon dioxide into ethanol. Inadvertently turning carbon dioxide into ethanol	1
Researchers accidentally turn carbon dioxide into ethanol	Researchers accidentally turn CO2 into Ethanol	1
Researchers accidentally turn carbon dioxide into ethanol	Researchers accidentally turn carbon dioxide into ethanol.	1
This is Trump's America . We're better than this .	This is Trump's America. We're better than this.	1
Your surgeon is probably a Republican . Your psychiatrist probably isn't .	Your Surgeon Is Most Probably a Republican, Your Psychiatrist Probably Not.	1
Your surgeon is probably a Republican . Your psychiatrist probably isn't .	Your Surgeon Is Probably a Republican, Your Psychiatrist Probably Doesn't	1
New FBI files contain allegations of senior State Department official's ' quid pro quo	New FBI files contain allegations of high State Dept official's'quid pro quo	1
New FBI files contain allegations of senior State Department official's ' quid pro quo	New FBI files contain allegations of top State Dept official's'quid pro quo	1
Is New Zealand rugby in crisis ?	Is New Zealand Rugby in Crisis?	1
Is New Zealand rugby in crisis ?	Is New Zealand rugby in crisis?	1
Is New Zealand rugby in crisis ?	Is New Zealand's rugby in crisis?	1
Is New Zealand rugby in crisis ?	New Zealand's rugby is in a crisis. Is New Zealand rugby in crisis?	1
Wells Fargo said account openings have taken a nose-dive since the scandal over illegal activity at the bank erupted	Wells Fargo says account openings have taken a nose-dive since scandal over illegal activity at the bank	1
23 states and a number of groups are suing over the new definition of sex	23 states and several groups are suing over the new definition of sex	1
23 states and a number of groups are suing over the new definition of sex	23 States and a Number of Groups suing over the New Definition of Sex	1
23 states and a number of groups are suing over the new definition of sex	23 states and a number of groups are suing over the new definition of sex.	1
23 states and a number of groups are suing over the new definition of sex	23 states and several groups are suing over a new definition of sex	1
23 states and a number of groups are suing over the new definition of sex	23 states and a number of groups are suing over the new definition of sexuality	1
23 states and a number of groups are suing over the new definition of sex	23 States and a Number of Groups Are Suing Over New Definition of Sex	1
23 states and a number of groups are suing over the new definition of sex	23 States and a Number of Groups are Suing over New Definition of Sex	1
23 states and a number of groups are suing over the new definition of sex	23 States and a number of groups are suing over the new definition of sex.	1
23 states and a number of groups are suing over the new definition of sex	23 states, a number of groups are suing over the new definition of sex	1
Bill Belichick is just llike us . He's unhappy when his tablet doesn't work .	Bill Belichick is just llike us. He's unhappy when his tablet doesn't work.	1
Trump accuser on groping incident It never entered my mind to complain	Trump Accuser on Groping Case Never entered my mind to complain	1
Trump accuser on groping incident It never entered my mind to complain	Trump accuser on groping incident Never entered my mind to complain.	1
Trump accuser on groping incident It never entered my mind to complain	Trump Accuser on Groping Incident " Never entered my mind to complain	1
Hyland's to stop distributing homeopathic teething tablets and gels in the United States	Hyland's To Stop Providing Homeopathic Teething Tablets and Gels In The United States	1
Hyland's to stop distributing homeopathic teething tablets and gels in the United States	Hyland's to stop selling homeopathic teething tablets and gels in the United States	1
Hyland's to stop distributing homeopathic teething tablets and gels in the United States	Hyland to stop distribution of Homeopathic Teeth Tablets and Gels in USA	1
Hyland's to stop distributing homeopathic teething tablets and gels in the United States	Hyland to stop distributing homeopathic teething tablets and gels in the US	1
Hyland's to stop distributing homeopathic teething tablets and gels in the United States	Hyland to stop distributing homeopathic teething tablets and gels in the United States	1
Hyland's to stop distributing homeopathic teething tablets and gels in the United States	Hylands to stop distributing homeopathic teething tablets and gels in the United States.	1
Hyland's to stop distributing homeopathic teething tablets and gels in the United States	Hyland to stop selling homeopathic teething tablets and gels in the US	1
David Brooks on a crisis of solidarity , segmentation , spiritual degradation and intimacy	David Brooks in Crisis of Solidarity, Segmentation, Spiritual Decline and Intimacy.	1
David Brooks on a crisis of solidarity , segmentation , spiritual degradation and intimacy	David Brooks on a crisis of intimacy, segmentation, spiritual degradation and solidarity	1
David Brooks on a crisis of solidarity , segmentation , spiritual degradation and intimacy	David Brooks on a crisis of solidarity, segmentation, spiritual degradation and intimacy	1
David Brooks on a crisis of solidarity , segmentation , spiritual degradation and intimacy	David Brooks on the crisis of solidarity, segmentation, spiritual degradation and intimacy	1
3 men were arrested for plotting to bomb a community of Somali immigrants in Kansas the day after Election Day	3 men have been arrested for plotting to bomb a Somali community in Kansas the day after Election Day	1
to women voters is " not the man we heard on the tape .	To women voters, this is not the man we heard on tape.	1
Wait what color was his hood and was Trump wearing his hood too	Wait, what color was his hood? And was Trump wearing his hood too?	1
Wait what color was his hood and was Trump wearing his hood too	Wait what color was his hood and was Trump wearing his hood too.	1
Wait what color was his hood and was Trump wearing his hood too	Wait what color was his hood? Was Trump wearing his hood too?	1
Wait what color was his hood and was Trump wearing his hood too	Wait what color was his hood and was Trump wearing his hood too?	1
A state-by-state guide to voter registration deadlines	A state-by-state guide to voting registration deadlines	1
Why isnt the U.S. better at predicting extreme weather ?	Why isnt the U.S. better at predicting extreme weather?	1
Why isnt the U.S. better at predicting extreme weather ?	Why Isnt the U.S. Better at Predicting Extreme Weather?	1
Why isnt the U.S. better at predicting extreme weather ?	Why isnt the US better at predicting extreme weather?	1
Why isnt the U.S. better at predicting extreme weather ?	Why isnt the USA better at forecasting extreme weather?	1
Trump says Alec Baldwin spoof ' stinks	Donald Trump says Alec Baldwin spoof'stinks	1
Trump says Alec Baldwin spoof ' stinks	Trump says Baldwin spoof'stinks	1
Watch Barack Obama's masterful Donald Trump " rigging " takedown	Watch Barack Obamas Masterful Donald Trump Rigging Takedown	1
Watch Barack Obama's masterful Donald Trump " rigging " takedown	Watch Barack Obama's Masterful Donald Trump Rigging Takedown	1
Watch Barack Obama's masterful Donald Trump " rigging " takedown	Watch Barack Obamas Masterful Donald Trump " Rigging " Takedown	1
The Justice Department said it will start tracking killings by police across the U.S.	The Justice Department has announced that it will start tracking killings by police across the country.	1
The only thing that tape shows is he's a healthy heterosexual said a man at a Donald Trump rally	The only thing that tape shows is he's a healthy heterosexual, said a man at a Donald Trump rally	1
The only thing that tape shows is he's a healthy heterosexual said a man at a Donald Trump rally	The only thing that tape shows is that he's a healthy heterosexual, said a man at a Donald Trump rally	1
Trump on latest allegations " totally and absolutely false , " " all fabricated , " " pure fiction and outright lies .	Trump on latest allegations'absolutely and absolutely false,'all fabricated,'pure fiction and outright lies	1
Obama on Trump He doesnt have the temperament , knowledge , or the " basic honesty that a president needs to have .	Barack Obama on Trump: He doesnt have the temperament, knowledge or basic honesty that a president needs to have.	1
Obama on Trump He doesnt have the temperament , knowledge , or the " basic honesty that a president needs to have .	Obama on Trump He doesnt have the temperament, knowledge or " basic honesty that a president needs to have.	1
Obama on Trump He doesnt have the temperament , knowledge , or the " basic honesty that a president needs to have .	Obama on Trump He doesnt have the temperament, knowledge, or the  basic honesty '', which is what a president needs to have.	1
One is young and brash , the other older , more reserved Which Saudi prince will be king ?	One is young and brash, the other older, more reserved Which Saudi prince will be king?	1
One is young and brash , the other older , more reserved Which Saudi prince will be king ?	One is young and brash, the other older, reserved. Which Saudi prince will king?	1
One is young and brash , the other older , more reserved Which Saudi prince will be king ?	One is young and brash, the other is older and reserved Which Saudi prince will be king?	1
One is young and brash , the other older , more reserved Which Saudi prince will be king ?	One is young and brash, the other older and more reserved. Which Saudi prince will he be king?	1
Pentagon confronts a new threat from ISIS	The Pentagon is facing a new threat from ISIS	1
Pentagon confronts a new threat from ISIS	Pentagon confronts new threat from ISIS	1
Pentagon confronts a new threat from ISIS	The Pentagon is confronting a new threat from ISIS.	1
Pentagon confronts a new threat from ISIS	Pentagon Faces New Threat From ISIS	1
They said there was no problem with the phones in China . That's why I bought a Samsung	They said there was no problem with the phones in China ", that's why I bought a Samsung	1
They said there was no problem with the phones in China . That's why I bought a Samsung	They said there was no problem with the phones in China and I bought a Samsung phone.	1
They said there was no problem with the phones in China . That's why I bought a Samsung	And they said they had no problems with the phones in China. That's why I bought a Samsung	1
They said there was no problem with the phones in China . That's why I bought a Samsung	They said there was no problem with the phones in China. That's why I bought a Samsung	1
They said there was no problem with the phones in China . That's why I bought a Samsung	It is true they said there was no problem with the phones in China. That's why I bought a Samsung.	1
They said there was no problem with the phones in China . That's why I bought a Samsung	They said they had no problem with the phones in China. Thats why I bought a Samsung.	1
They said there was no problem with the phones in China . That's why I bought a Samsung	They said no problem with the phones in China. That's why I bought a Samsung samsung.	1
Pearl Jam , Tupac Shakur , Jane's Addiction and Depeche Mode lead the list of nominees for the Rock Hall of Fame	Pearl Jam, Tupac Shakur, Janes Addiction and Depeche Mode lead the list of nominees for Rock Hall of Fame	1
Pearl Jam , Tupac Shakur , Jane's Addiction and Depeche Mode lead the list of nominees for the Rock Hall of Fame	Pearl Jam, Tupac Shakur, Jane's Addiction and Depeche Mode lead the list of nominees for Rock Hall of Fame	1
Pearl Jam , Tupac Shakur , Jane's Addiction and Depeche Mode lead the list of nominees for the Rock Hall of Fame	Pearl Jam, Tupac Shakur, Jane's Addiction, Depeche Mode Lead List of Nominees for Rock Hall of Fame	1
Pearl Jam , Tupac Shakur , Jane's Addiction and Depeche Mode lead the list of nominees for the Rock Hall of Fame	Pearl Jam, Tupac Shakur, Jane's Addiction, Depeche Mode lead nominations for Rock Hall of Fame	1
Pearl Jam , Tupac Shakur , Jane's Addiction and Depeche Mode lead the list of nominees for the Rock Hall of Fame	Pearl Jam, Tupac Shakur, Jane's Addiction and Depeche Mode lead nominations for Rock Hall of Fame	1
Pearl Jam , Tupac Shakur , Jane's Addiction and Depeche Mode lead the list of nominees for the Rock Hall of Fame	Pearl Jam, Tupac Shakur, Jane's Addiction and Depeche Mode Top Nominees for Rock Hall of Fame	1
Pearl Jam , Tupac Shakur , Jane's Addiction and Depeche Mode lead the list of nominees for the Rock Hall of Fame	Pearl Jam, Tupac Shakur, Jane's Addiction, Depeche Mode lead Rock Hall of Fame Nominees List	1
Duolingos new chatbots help you brush up on your foreign language conversation skills	New Duolingo Chatbots Help You Brush Up Your Foreign Language Conversation Skills	1
Duolingos new chatbots help you brush up on your foreign language conversation skills	Latest Duolingo Chatbots Help You Brush Up On Your Foreign Language Conversation Skills	1
Duolingos new chatbots help you brush up on your foreign language conversation skills	Duolingos new chatbots help you brush up on your foreign language conversation	1
Donald Trump finds an improbable ally in WikiLeaks	Donald Trump Finds Improbable Ally in WikiLeaks	1
Donald Trump finds an improbable ally in WikiLeaks	Trump Finds Improbable Ally in WikiLeaks	1
Hillary Clinton is a ' moral , ethical choice ' for Republicans	Hillary Clinton Is a Moral, Ethical Choice for Republicans	1
Hillary Clinton is a ' moral , ethical choice ' for Republicans	Hillary Clinton is a " moral, ethical choice " for Republicans	1
My parents lack of emphasis on grades allowed me to foster my own desire for achievements .	My parents lack of emphasis on grades allowed me to foster my own desire for achievements.	1
My parents lack of emphasis on grades allowed me to foster my own desire for achievements .	My parents lack of emphasis on grades allowed me to foster my own desire for achievement.	1
My parents lack of emphasis on grades allowed me to foster my own desire for achievements .	My parents lack of emphasis on grades allowed me to foster my own desire for accomplishments.	1
My parents lack of emphasis on grades allowed me to foster my own desire for achievements .	The lack of attention by my parents on grades allowed me to foster my own desire for achievements.	1
Donald Trump could not have invented a worse character witness .	Donald Trump Could Not Have Invented a Worst Character Witness	1
Donald Trump could not have invented a worse character witness .	Trump could not have invented a worse character witness.	1
Donald Trump could not have invented a worse character witness .	Donald Trump Could Not Have Invented a Worse Character Witness	1
Donald Trump could not have invented a worse character witness .	Donald Trump could not have invented a worse character witness.	1
Donald Trump could not have invented a worse character witness .	Trump Could Not Have Invented a Worst Character Witness	1
Donald Trump could not have invented a worse character witness .	Donald Trump Could Not Have Invented a Worst Character Witness.	1
The combination of human and artificial intelligence will define humanity's future	Combining humans and artificial intelligence will define the future of humanity	1
The combination of human and artificial intelligence will define humanity's future	The combination of human and artificial intelligence will define humanitys future	1
The combination of human and artificial intelligence will define humanity's future	The combination of humans and artificial intelligence will define humanity's future	1
The fault lines among evangelicals that the election has exposed are likely to reshape U.S. politics for years	The fault lines among evangelicals that the election exposed are likely to shape U.S. politics for years	1
The fault lines among evangelicals that the election has exposed are likely to reshape U.S. politics for years	The fault lines among evangelicals the election has exposed are likely to reshape U.S. politics for years.	1
Trump attacks the " corporate media , " which he calls " a political entity with a total political agenda .	Trump Attacks Corporate Media, Calling It a Political Entity With a Total Political Agenda	1
Trump attacks the " corporate media , " which he calls " a political entity with a total political agenda .	Trump Attacks Corporate Media, Calling It a Political Entity with a Total Political Agenda	1
Trump attacks the " corporate media , " which he calls " a political entity with a total political agenda .	Trump attacks the " corporate media, " which he calls a political entity with a total political agenda.	1
Luke Perry , aka Dylan McKay from " Beverly Hills 90210 , " is on the cover of the AARP magazine	Luke Perry, aka Dylan McKay from " Beverly Hills 90210, " is on the cover of AARP!	1
Luke Perry , aka Dylan McKay from " Beverly Hills 90210 , " is on the cover of the AARP magazine	Dylan McKay, aka Luke Perry from Beverly Hills 90210, is featured on the cover of AARP.	1
Luke Perry , aka Dylan McKay from " Beverly Hills 90210 , " is on the cover of the AARP magazine	Hollywood film star Luke Perry, aka Dylan McKay, from Beverly Hills 90210, is on the cover of AARP magazine	1
Americas favorite red sweater-wearing undecided voter has sold out .	Apparently, Americas favorite red sweater-wearing undecided voter has sold out.	1
Americas favorite red sweater-wearing undecided voter has sold out .	Americas favorite red sweater-wearing undecided voter has sold out.	1
Police officers surprise bullied boy with the birthday party of his dreams	police officers surprise bullied boy with birthday party of his dreams	1
Police officers surprise bullied boy with the birthday party of his dreams	Police officers surprise bullied boy with birthday party of his dreams	1
For me , education has never been simply a policy issue it's personal	For me, education has never been simply a policy issue it's personal for.	1
As Donald Trump sputters , Hillary Clinton's campaign prepares for an even nastier race	As Donald Trump Sputters, Clinton's Campaign Prepares For an Even Nastier Race	1
As Donald Trump sputters , Hillary Clinton's campaign prepares for an even nastier race	As Trump Sputters, Hillary Clintons Campaign Prepares for an Even Nastier Race	1
As Donald Trump sputters , Hillary Clinton's campaign prepares for an even nastier race	As Trump Sputters, Hillary Clinton's Campaign Prepares for an Even Nastier Race	1
As Donald Trump sputters , Hillary Clinton's campaign prepares for an even nastier race	As Trump Sputters, Clinton's Campaign Prepares for an Even Nastier Race	1
As Donald Trump sputters , Hillary Clinton's campaign prepares for an even nastier race	As Donald Trump Sputters, Hillary Clintons Campaign Prepares for an Even Nastier Race	1
As Donald Trump sputters , Hillary Clinton's campaign prepares for an even nastier race	As Donald Trump Sputters, Hillary Clinton's Campaign Prepares for an Even Nastier Race	1
Facebook Live unlocks scheduling and pre-stream lobby , first for verified Pages	Facebook Live unlocks scheduling and pre-stream lobby, first for verified #pages	1
Facebook Live unlocks scheduling and pre-stream lobby , first for verified Pages	Facebook Live Unlocks Schedule and Pre-Stream Lobby, First for Verified Pages	1
Facebook Live unlocks scheduling and pre-stream lobby , first for verified Pages	Facebook Live unlocks scheduling and pre-stream lobby, first for verified Pages	1
Bill Belichick is done using the NFL's Microsoft Surface tablet he hates so much	Bill Belichick is done using the NFL's Microsoft Surface tablet that he hates so much	1
Bill Belichick is done using the NFL's Microsoft Surface tablet he hates so much	Bill Belichick, Bill Belichick, Is Done Using the NFL's Microsoft Surface Tablet He Hates So Much	1
Bill Belichick is done using the NFL's Microsoft Surface tablet he hates so much	Bill Belichick Is Finished Using the NFL's Microsoft Surface Tablet He Hates So Much	1
Bill Belichick is done using the NFL's Microsoft Surface tablet he hates so much	Bill Belichick Is Done Using NFL's Microsoft Surface Tablet He Hates So Much	1
Bill Belichick is done using the NFL's Microsoft Surface tablet he hates so much	Bill Belichick is done using the NFL's Microsoft Surface tablet he hates so much.	1
Bill Belichick is done using the NFL's Microsoft Surface tablet he hates so much	Bill Belichick's done using the NFL's Microsoft Surface tablet he hates so much	1
Wars are destructive not only to towns and cities , but also to souls .	Wars are not only destructive to cities and towns, but also to the souls.	1
Wars are destructive not only to towns and cities , but also to souls .	Wars are destructive not only to cities and towns, but also to the souls.	1
Wars are destructive not only to towns and cities , but also to souls .	Wars are destructive not only to towns and cities, but also to the souls.	1
Wars are destructive not only to towns and cities , but also to souls .	Wars are not only destructive to towns and cities, but also to the souls as well.	1
An agent shot a boy across the U.S. border . Can his parents sue ?	A U.S. Border Agent Shot a Young Man across the Border. Can His Parents Sue?	1
An agent shot a boy across the U.S. border . Can his parents sue ?	An agent shot a boy across the U.S. border. Can his parents sue?	1
The New York Times responds We welcome the opportunity to have a court set him straight .	The New York Times responds We welcome the opportunity to have a court set him straight	1
The New York Times responds We welcome the opportunity to have a court set him straight .	The New York Times responds We welcome the opportunity to have a court set him straight.	1
The New York Times responds We welcome the opportunity to have a court set him straight .	The New York Times responds I welcome the opportunity to have a court set him straight.	1
The New York Times responds We welcome the opportunity to have a court set him straight .	The New York Times responds " we welcome the opportunity to have a court set him straight	1
The New York Times responds We welcome the opportunity to have a court set him straight .	New York Times responds:  We welcome the opportunity to have a court set him straight ''	1
The latest U.S. and swing state polls , updated	Latest US and swing state polls, updated	1
Maybe the country needs Donald Trump to show " authoritarian power	Maybe the country needs Trump to show'authoritarian power	1
Maybe the country needs Donald Trump to show " authoritarian power	Maybe the country needs Trump to show 'authoritarian power	1
Maybe the country needs Donald Trump to show " authoritarian power	Maybe the country needs Donald Trump to show 'authoritarian power	1
Maybe the country needs Donald Trump to show " authoritarian power	maybe the country needs Donald Trump to show " authoritarian power.	1
Maybe the country needs Donald Trump to show " authoritarian power	Maybe the country needs Donald Trump to show'authoritarian power	1
Maybe the country needs Donald Trump to show " authoritarian power	Maybe the country needs Donald Trump to show " authoritarian power ".	1
From May 2016 How Donald Trump behaved with women in private	From May 2016 on how Trump behaved with women in private.	1
From May 2016 How Donald Trump behaved with women in private	From May 2016 How Trump Behaved With Women in Private	1
When she tried to help a sick passenger , she says a flight attendant told her " we are looking for actual physicians	She says when she tried to help a sick passenger, the flight attendant told her " we are looking for actual physicians	1
Mentally disturbed woman said to have charged at officers dies after being shot by police in Bronx	Mentally disturbed woman allegedly charged at cops dies after being shot by police in Bronx, NY.	1
Mentally disturbed woman said to have charged at officers dies after being shot by police in Bronx	Mentally disturbed woman said to have charged at police dies after being shot by police in Bronx	1
Mentally disturbed woman said to have charged at officers dies after being shot by police in Bronx	The mentally disturbed woman allegedly charged at police officers has died after being shot by police in the Bronx.	1
Nigeria's president warned by First Lady Aisha Buhari	Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari warned by First Lady Aisha Buhari	1
Nigeria's president warned by First Lady Aisha Buhari	Nigerian President Buhari warned by First Lady Aisha Buhari	1
Nigeria's president warned by First Lady Aisha Buhari	Nigerian President Buhari warns by first lady Aisha Buhari	1
Bill Clinton is not on the ballot	Bill Clinton is not on the ballot.	1
Bill Clinton is not on the ballot	Bill Clinton is NOT on the ballot.	1
VMware's new cloud service will run on AWS	VMware’s new cloud service will run on AWS	1
A guide to getting rid of your big-bank checking account	A Guide to Eliminating Your Big Bank Checking Account	1
A guide to getting rid of your big-bank checking account	A Guide to Releasing Your Big Bank Checking Account	1
She used to be one half of the Answer Couple in Glamour . The other half was her husband . Their marriage was rocky .	She used to be one half of the answer couple in Glamour, the other half was her husband, and their marriage was rocky.	1
She used to be one half of the Answer Couple in Glamour . The other half was her husband . Their marriage was rocky .	She used to be one half of the answer couple in Glamour, the other half was her husband, their marriage was rocky.	1
She used to be one half of the Answer Couple in Glamour . The other half was her husband . Their marriage was rocky .	She used to be one half of the Answer Couple in Glamour, the other half her husband, their marriage was rocky.	1
She used to be one half of the Answer Couple in Glamour . The other half was her husband . Their marriage was rocky .	She Used to Be One Half of the Answer Couple in Glamour, The Other Half was her husband Their marriage was rocky.	1
Remember he projects . This is tantamount to his confession he's on something .	Remember he projects " this is tantamount to his confession he's on something.	1
Remember he projects . This is tantamount to his confession he's on something .	Remember he projects. This is tantamount to his confession that he is on something.	1
Remember he projects . This is tantamount to his confession he's on something .	Remember he projects, this is tantamount to his confession he's on something	1
Facebook lets you cast videos to your TV	Facebook now lets you cast videos to your TV	1
Facebook lets you cast videos to your TV	Facebook now lets you cast video to your TV	1
Facebook lets you cast videos to your TV	Facebook is now letting you cast video to your TV.	1
Email about a Qatari offer shows thorny ethical issues the Clinton Foundation faced	Email about Qatari offer shows thorny ethical issues Clinton Foundation faced	1
Email about a Qatari offer shows thorny ethical issues the Clinton Foundation faced	Email about Qatari offering shows thorny ethical issues Clinton Foundation faced	1
Email about a Qatari offer shows thorny ethical issues the Clinton Foundation faced	Email About Qatari Offer Shows Thorny Ethical Issues Clinton Foundation Faced	1
Email about a Qatari offer shows thorny ethical issues the Clinton Foundation faced	Email about Qatari offer shows thorny ethical issues the Clinton Foundation faced	1
Email about a Qatari offer shows thorny ethical issues the Clinton Foundation faced	Email about Qatari Offer Shows Thorny Ethical Issues Clinton Foundation Faced	1
Email about a Qatari offer shows thorny ethical issues the Clinton Foundation faced	Email about Qatari offer shows thorny ethical issues Clinton Foundation faced.	1
Why would I waste my time ? a young hip hop artist , talking about why he won't vote .	Why Would I Waste My Time? A Young Hip Hop Artist Talks Why He Will Not Vote	1
Why would I waste my time ? a young hip hop artist , talking about why he won't vote .	Why Would I Waste My Time? A Young Hip Hop Artist Talks About Why He Won't Vote	1
The milk from Tasmanian devils may hold the key to fighting human superbugs , researchers say	The milk from Tasmanian devils may hold the key to fighting human superbugs, researchers say	1
Donald Trump's language has stirred increasing fears of intimidation of minorities inside polling places	Donald Trump's language stirs increasing fears of intimidation of minorities inside polling places	1
Donald Trump's language has stirred increasing fears of intimidation of minorities inside polling places	Donald Trump's language stirs growing fears of intimidation of minorities inside polling places	1
Donald Trump's language has stirred increasing fears of intimidation of minorities inside polling places	Donald Trumps language has stirred increasing fears of intimidation of minorities inside polling places.	1
Donald Trump's language has stirred increasing fears of intimidation of minorities inside polling places	Donald Trumps Language Has Stirred Increasing Fears of Intimidation of Minorities Inside Polling Places	1
Samsung halts all sales of Galaxy Note 7 , urges owners to turn off their smartphones .	Samsung halts all sales of Galaxy Note 7, urges owners to turn off smartphone.	1
Samsung halts all sales of Galaxy Note 7 , urges owners to turn off their smartphones .	Samsung halts sales of Galaxy Note 7, urges owners to turn off their phones	1
Samsung halts all sales of Galaxy Note 7 , urges owners to turn off their smartphones .	Samsung halts sales of Galaxy Note 7, urges owners to turn off their smartphones.	1
Samsung halts all sales of Galaxy Note 7 , urges owners to turn off their smartphones .	Samsung to halt all sales of Galaxy Note 7 and asks users to turn off their smartphones.	1
Samsung halts all sales of Galaxy Note 7 , urges owners to turn off their smartphones .	Samsung halts all sales of Galaxy Note 7 and urges owners to turn off their phones	1
Facebook is confusing Aussies by using Fahrenheit in its weather forecast	Facebook is confusing Aussies by using Fahrenheit in its weather forecast.	1
Facebook is confusing Aussies by using Fahrenheit in its weather forecast	Facebook is confusing Australians by using Fahrenheit in its weather forecast	1
Dressed in Versace , Michelle Obama sent a powerful message at her final state dinner	Dressed in Versace, Michelle Obama Sends a Powerful Message at Her Final State Dinner	1
Dressed in Versace , Michelle Obama sent a powerful message at her final state dinner	Dressed in Versace, Michelle Obama Sends a Powerful Signal at Her Final State Dinner	1
Dressed in Versace , Michelle Obama sent a powerful message at her final state dinner	Dressed in Versace, Michelle Obama Sends a Powerful message at Her Final State Dinner	1
adds support to countries which place a " sugar tax " on soft drinks	adds support to countries that put a'sugar tax'on soft drinks.	1
230 things Donald Trump has said and done that make him unfit to be president	230 Things Trump Has Said and Done That Make Him Unfit to Be President	1
230 things Donald Trump has said and done that make him unfit to be president	That's 230 things Donald Trump has said and done that make him unfit to be president.	1
230 things Donald Trump has said and done that make him unfit to be president	230 Things Donald Trump Has Said and Done That Make Him Unfit to Be President.	1
Actually , many " inner cities " are doing great	Many " inner cities " are actually doing great.	1
Actually , many " inner cities " are doing great	Many'inner cities'are actually doing great.	1
Actually , many " inner cities " are doing great	Really, many'inner cities'are doing great!	1
Actually , many " inner cities " are doing great	Interestingly, many " inner cities " are indeed doing great.	1
Actually , many " inner cities " are doing great	Actually, many " inner cities " are doing great.	1
Actually , many " inner cities " are doing great	Actually, many inner cities are doing great!	1
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie writes a thank-you note to Michelle Obama	Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie write a thank-you note to Michelle Obama	1
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie writes a thank-you note to Michelle Obama	Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, Is Writing a Thank-You Note to Michelle Obama	1
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie writes a thank-you note to Michelle Obama	Ngozi Adichie writes a thank-you note to Michelle Obama.	1
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie writes a thank-you note to Michelle Obama	Ngozi Adichie Writes a Thank-You Note to Michelle Obama	1
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie writes a thank-you note to Michelle Obama	Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie, writing a thank-you note to Michelle Obama	1
The common wisdom , as research verifies , is that most men want sons . Thats starting to shift .	The common wisdom, as research verifies, is that most men want sons. Thats starting to shift	1
The common wisdom , as research verifies , is that most men want sons . Thats starting to shift .	The common wisdom, as research verifies, is that most men want sons. Thats starting to shift.	1
President Obama offered new details on how the U.S. will send people to Mars	Obama gives some detailed details on how the US will send people to Mars	1
President Obama offered new details on how the U.S. will send people to Mars	Obama offered new details on sending Americans to Mars.	1
President Obama offered new details on how the U.S. will send people to Mars	President Obama gave new details on how the United States will send people to Mars.	1
President Obama offered new details on how the U.S. will send people to Mars	President Barack Obama offered new details on how the United States will send people to Mars.	1
President Obama offered new details on how the U.S. will send people to Mars	President Obama offered new details on how the United States will send people to Mars	1
President Obama offered new details on how the U.S. will send people to Mars	Obama gives new details of how the U.S. will send people to Mars	1
President Obama offered new details on how the U.S. will send people to Mars	Obama gave new details on how the US will send people to Mars.	1
President Obama offered new details on how the U.S. will send people to Mars	Obama Gives New Details on How U.S. Will Send People to Mars	1
Multiple firefighter injuries ' at scene of natural gas explosion in NW Portland , Ore	Multiple firefighter injuries " at scene of natural gas explosion in NW Portland, Ore.	1
Multiple firefighter injuries ' at scene of natural gas explosion in NW Portland , Ore	Multiple firefighter injuries'at scene of natural gas explosion in #NW Portland, Ore.	1
Multiple firefighter injuries ' at scene of natural gas explosion in NW Portland , Ore	Multiple firefighter injuries'at scene of natural gas explosion in NW Portland, Ore.	1
Multiple firefighter injuries ' at scene of natural gas explosion in NW Portland , Ore	multiple firefighter injuries at scene of natural gas explosion in NW Portland, Ore.	1
All Americans should be outraged by this hate-filled and violent attack against our democracy	America, all Americans, should be outraged by this hate-filled, violent attack against our democracy	1
All Americans should be outraged by this hate-filled and violent attack against our democracy	Surely, Americans should be outraged by this hate-filled and violent attack against our democracy.	1
All Americans should be outraged by this hate-filled and violent attack against our democracy	All Americans should be outraged by this hate-filled and violent attack against our democracy.	1
US President Obama says US is partnering with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s	Obama says US will partner with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s.	1
US President Obama says US is partnering with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s	Obama says US is partnering with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s	1
US President Obama says US is partnering with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s	Obama says the country is partnering with private companies to send humans to Mars by 2030s.	1
US President Obama says US is partnering with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s	US President Barack Obama announces a partnership with private companies to send humans to Mars by the 2030s.	1
US President Obama says US is partnering with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s	Obama says US is partnering with private companies to send humans to Mars by 2030s	1
US President Obama says US is partnering with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s	Obama says U.S. is partnering with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s	1
US President Obama says US is partnering with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s	President Obama says US is partnering with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s.	1
US President Obama says US is partnering with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s	President Obama: "We are partnering with private companies to send humans to Mars by 2030s	1
US President Obama says US is partnering with private firms to send humans to Mars by 2030s	President Barack Obama said the United States is partnering with private companies to send humans to Mars by 2030s.	1
Obama on Trump tape You don't have to be a husband or father , ' just a decent human being to say that's not right .	Obama on Trump tape: "You don't have to be a husband or father, just a decent human being to say that's not right.	1
A Look into Chile's innovative startup government	A Look at Chiles Innovative Startup Government	1
A Look into Chile's innovative startup government	A look into Chiles innovative startup government.	1
A Look into Chile's innovative startup government	A look into Chiles innovative startup government	1
A Look into Chile's innovative startup government	A Look Inside Chiles Innovative Startup Government	1
A Look into Chile's innovative startup government	Look into Chile's innovative startup government	1
A Look into Chile's innovative startup government	A look at Chile's innovative startup government	1
A Look into Chile's innovative startup government	A Look into Chiles Innovative Startup Government	1
A Look into Chile's innovative startup government	Looking at Chile's innovative startup government.	1
A Look into Chile's innovative startup government	a look into Chiles innovative startup government	1
A Look into Chile's innovative startup government	A look into Chile's innovative startup government.	1
Sources say Billy Bush's departure from NBC now a matter of " when , " not " if	Billy Bush's departure from NBC now a matter of " when, " not " if sources say	1
Obama asks Republicans why they weren't " appalled earlier when was saying degrading things about women .	Obama asks Republicans if they weren't appalled earlier when he is saying degrading things about women	1
Obama asks Republicans why they weren't " appalled earlier when was saying degrading things about women .	Obama asks Republicans why they weren't appalled earlier while he's saying degrading things about women.	1
Obama asks Republicans why they weren't " appalled earlier when was saying degrading things about women .	Obama asks Republicans why they weren't appalled earlier when he is saying degrading things about women ".	1
Obama asks Republicans why they weren't " appalled earlier when was saying degrading things about women .	Obama asks Republicans why they weren't appalled earlier when he was saying degrading things about women.  _	1
Ironically , Donald Trump is running old and insecure email servers	Ironically, Donald Trump is using old and insecure email servers.	1
Ironically , Donald Trump is running old and insecure email servers	Ironically, Trump is using old and insecure email servers	1
Hillary Clinton is keeping a low profile , content for Donald Trump to remain in the glare of the spotlight	Hillary Clinton Will Keep a Low Profile, Content for Trump to Stay in the Glare of the spotlight	1
Hillary Clinton is keeping a low profile , content for Donald Trump to remain in the glare of the spotlight	Hillary Clinton is keeping a low profile, content for Donald Trump to remain in the glare of the spotlight.	1
Man in Florida sentenced to 20 years in prison for a 2015 road rage incident involving George Zimmerman .	Man in Florida sentenced to 20 years in prison for 2015 road rage incident involving George Zimmerman	1
Man in Florida sentenced to 20 years in prison for a 2015 road rage incident involving George Zimmerman .	Man in Florida sentenced to 20 years in prison for 2015 road rage incident with George Zimmerman	1
Man in Florida sentenced to 20 years in prison for a 2015 road rage incident involving George Zimmerman .	A Florida man was sentenced to 20 years in prison for a 2015 road rage incident involving George Zimmerman.	1
Man in Florida sentenced to 20 years in prison for a 2015 road rage incident involving George Zimmerman .	A man in Florida was sentenced to 20 years in prison for a 2015 road rage incident involving George Zimmerman.	1
Man in Florida sentenced to 20 years in prison for a 2015 road rage incident involving George Zimmerman .	A Florida man has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for a 2015 road rage incident involving George Zimmerman.	1
Man in Florida sentenced to 20 years in prison for a 2015 road rage incident involving George Zimmerman .	A Florida man has been sentenced to 20 years in prison for a 2015 road rage incident involving George Zimmerman	1
Dow drops 200 points and S & P 500 loses 1.2% . Oil slides 1% . Alcoa sells off on poor quarterly results .	Dow falls 200 points, S & P loses 1.2% Oil slides 1% Alcoa sells off on poor quarterly results	1
Watch all six episodes of the series Bitcoin and the Blockchain featuring @nathanielpopper	Watch all six episodes of our series Bitcoin and the Blockchain, hosted by @NathanielPopper.	1
Watch all six episodes of the series Bitcoin and the Blockchain featuring @nathanielpopper	Watch all six episodes of the series Bitcoin and the Blockchain, hosted by @nathanielpopper.	1
Watch all six episodes of the series Bitcoin and the Blockchain featuring @nathanielpopper	Watch all six episodes of the series Bitcoin and the Blockchain, by @nathanielpopper	1
Watch all six episodes of the series Bitcoin and the Blockchain featuring @nathanielpopper	Watch all six episodes of the series Bitcoin and the Blockchain, hosted by @nathanielpopper	1
At home , he cuts salaries and freezes contracts . On holiday , this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht .	At home, he cuts salaries and freezes contracts, and on holiday, this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht.	1
At home , he cuts salaries and freezes contracts . On holiday , this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht .	At home, he cuts salaries and freezes contracts, and on holiday, a Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht.	1
At home , he cuts salaries and freezes contracts . On holiday , this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht .	At home, he cuts salaries and freezes contracts ; on holiday, this Saudi prince buys a $550M yacht.	1
At home , he cuts salaries and freezes contracts . On holiday , this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht .	At Home, he cuts salaries and freezes contracts. On holiday, this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht.	1
At home , he cuts salaries and freezes contracts . On holiday , this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht .	At home, he cuts salaries and freezes contracts. On holiday, this Saudi prince buys a $550 M yacht.	1
At home , he cuts salaries and freezes contracts . On holiday , this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht .	At home, he cuts salaries and freezes contracts, on holiday, this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht.	1
At home , he cuts salaries and freezes contracts . On holiday , this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht .	At home he cuts salaries and freezes contracts, and while on holiday a Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht.	1
At home , he cuts salaries and freezes contracts . On holiday , this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht .	At Home, he cuts salaries and freezes contracts, and on holiday, this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht.	1
At home , he cuts salaries and freezes contracts . On holiday , this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht .	At home, he cuts salaries and freezes contracts. On holiday, this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht.	1
At home , he cuts salaries and freezes contracts . On holiday , this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht .	At home, he cuts salaries and freezes contracts. On holiday, this Saudi prince buys a $550M yacht.	1
At home , he cuts salaries and freezes contracts . On holiday , this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht .	At Home, he cuts salaries and freezes contracts. On Holiday, this Saudi prince buys a $550M yacht.	1
At home , he cuts salaries and freezes contracts . On holiday , this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht .	In the home office, he cuts salaries and freezes contracts, and on holiday, this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht.	1
At home , he cuts salaries and freezes contracts . On holiday , this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht .	At Home, he cuts salaries and freezes contracts, on holiday, this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht.	1
At home , he cuts salaries and freezes contracts . On holiday , this Saudi prince buys a $550 million yacht .	In his native Saudi Arabia, he cuts wages and freezes contracts. On holiday, this Saudi prince buys a $550M yacht.	1
You're on the highway and you see a sign Lane closed ahead . What do you do ? Merge now , or wait ?	You're on the highway and you see a sign that says Lane closed ahead. What do you do? Merge now, or wait?	1
Facebook partners with Google , others to launch a new JavaScript package manager	Facebook partners with Google, others to launch a new JavaScript package manager	1
A girl asked Pence about the damage Trump has done to her self-esteem .	The girl had been asking Pence about the damage Trump has done to her self-esteem.	1
Tantrums , anxiety , wake-ups , hours to fall asleep a sleep training nightmare	Tantrums, anxiety, wake-ups, hours to fall asleep the sleep training nightmare	1
US Navy destroyer fired on again off Yemen coast , 2 US officials say ; ship not struck	US Navy destroyer fired on again off Yemen, 2 US officials say ; ship not struck ', officials say	1
The WikiLeaks hack brings the Medicare and Social Security debate to the forefront	WikiLeaks hack brings Medicare and Social Security debate to the forefront	1
The WikiLeaks hack brings the Medicare and Social Security debate to the forefront	WikiLeaks Hack Brings Medicare and Social Security Debate to the Top	1
The WikiLeaks hack brings the Medicare and Social Security debate to the forefront	WikiLeaks hack bring Medicare and Social Security debate to the forefront	1
WikiLeaks says Assange's internet link was severed by ' state party	WikiLeaks says Julian Assange's internet link was severed by'state party	1
Groping claims are " absolutely false " says @realDonaldTrump	Groping claims " absolutely false " says @realDonaldTrump	1
Controversial Trump-supporting sheriff calls for " pitchforks and torches	Controversial Trump-Supporting Sheriff Calls for 'Pitchforks and Torches	1
Battle for Mosul begins , Iraqi PM says	Battle for Mosul starts, Iraqi PM says.	1
Battle for Mosul begins , Iraqi PM says	Battle for Mosul starts Iraqi PM says	1
Battle for Mosul begins , Iraqi PM says	battle for Mosul begins, Iraqi pm says	1
Battle for Mosul begins , Iraqi PM says	Battle for Mosul begins, Iraqi PM says	1
Battle for Mosul begins , Iraqi PM says	Battle for Mosul starts, Iraqi PM says	1
Battle for Mosul begins , Iraqi PM says	Battle for Mosul begins Iraqi PM says	1
Battle for Mosul begins , Iraqi PM says	Battle for Mosul begins, Iraqi pm says	1
Battle for Mosul begins , Iraqi PM says	Battle for Mosul starts, Iraqi pm says	1
blasts #DonaldTrump during show , some fans boo and walk out	blasts #DonaldTrump during show, some fans boo and walk out	1
Michelle Obama stole the show at her final state dinner in a chainmail Atelier Versace gown	Michelle Obama stole the show at her final state dinner, in a chainmail Atelier Versace gown	1
Michelle Obama stole the show at her final state dinner in a chainmail Atelier Versace gown	Michelle Obama Stripped the Show at Her Final State Dinner in a Chainmail Atelier Versace Gown	1
Michelle Obama stole the show at her final state dinner in a chainmail Atelier Versace gown	Michelle Obama STOPPED THE SHOW at Her Final State Dinner in a Chainmail Atelier Versace Gown	1
Michelle Obama stole the show at her final state dinner in a chainmail Atelier Versace gown	Obama stole the show at her final state dinner in a chainmail Atelier Versace gown	1
Michelle Obama stole the show at her final state dinner in a chainmail Atelier Versace gown	Michelle Obama stole the show at her final state dinner. In a chainmail Atelier Versace gown.	1
Michelle Obama stole the show at her final state dinner in a chainmail Atelier Versace gown	Michelle Obama STOPPED THE SHOW at her final state dinner in a chainmail Atelier Versace gown	1
Many couples in China filed for divorce so that one partner could still be treated as an independent home buyer	Many Chinese couples filed for divorce to allow for one partner to be treated as an independent home buyer.	1
Many couples in China filed for divorce so that one partner could still be treated as an independent home buyer	Many couples in China filed for divorce so that one partner could still be treated as an independent home buyer" property	1
Many couples in China filed for divorce so that one partner could still be treated as an independent home buyer	There were many couples in China who filed for divorce so one partner could still be treated as an independent home buyer.	1
Many couples in China filed for divorce so that one partner could still be treated as an independent home buyer	Many Chinese couples filed for divorce, so that one partner could still be treated as an independent home buyer.	1
Like his father , Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations	Donald Trump Jr., Like His Father, Has a History of Engaging in Controversial Conversations	1
Like his father , Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations	Donald Trump Jr., Like His Father, Has a History of Engaging in Disputable Conversations	1
Like his father , Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations	Trump Jr. Like His Father, Donald Trump Jr. Has a History of Engaging in Controversial Conversations	1
Like his father , Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations	Like his father, Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations.	1
Like his father , Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations	Donald Trump Jr. Like His Father, He Has a History of Engaging in Controversial Conversations	1
Like his father , Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations	Like His Father, Donald Trump Jr. Has a History of Engaging in Controversial Conversations	1
Like his father , Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations	Like His Father, Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations.	1
Like his father , Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations	Trump Jr. Like His Father, Donald Trump Has a History of Engaging in Controversial Conversations.	1
Like his father , Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations	Donald Trump Jr. like his father has a history of engaging in controversial conversations.	1
Like his father , Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations	Like his father, Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations.	1
Like his father , Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations	Like His Father, Trump Jr. Has a History of Engaging in Controversial Conversations	1
Like his father , Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations	Trump Jr. Like His Father, Donald Trump Has a History of Engaging in Controversial Conversations	1
Like his father , Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations	Donald Trump Jr. Like His Father, Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations.	1
Like his father , Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations	Trump Jr. Like His Father, Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations	1
Like his father , Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations	Like his father, Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations with people.	1
Like his father , Donald Trump Jr. has a history of engaging in controversial conversations	Donald Trump Jr. Like His Father, Trump Has a History of Engaging in Controversial Conversations	1
New Jersey is known for cheap gas . The glory days are about to end .	New Jersey is famous for cheap gas, but the glory days are over.	1
Donald Trump now faces 8 separate allegations of sexual misconduct . He says he's " a victim " of a " smear campaign	Trump now face 8 separate allegations of sexual misconduct. He says he's'a victim'of a'smear campaign.	1
SAS soldier ' investigated for Iraq War mercy killing	SAS soldier investigated for " Iraq War mercy killing	1
SAS soldier ' investigated for Iraq War mercy killing	SAS soldier'investigated for Iraq War mercy killing	1
Wonder Woman is now a UN Honorary Ambassador for the Empowerment of Woman and Girls	Wonder Woman is now an UN Honorary Ambassador for the Empowerment of Woman and Girls	1
Forget this " Hillary is unlikable " stuff . Hillary is downright inspiring .	Forget This " Hillary Is Unlikable " Stuff. Is Downright Inspiring.	1
Whats really behind Trumps obsession with Clintons " stamina " ?	Whats Really Behind Trumps Obsession With Clintons Stamina?	1
Whats really behind Trumps obsession with Clintons " stamina " ?	Whats really behind Trumps obsession with Clintons stamina?	1
Trump advisor says that sexual abuse allegations are " a positive	Trump advisor says sexual abuse allegations are'positive	1
Trump advisor says that sexual abuse allegations are " a positive	Trump adviser says sexual abuse allegations are'a positive	1
Trump advisor says that sexual abuse allegations are " a positive	Trump adviser says sexual abuse allegations " a positive	1
Trump advisor says that sexual abuse allegations are " a positive	Trump adviser says sexual abuse allegations are 'positive	1
Trump advisor says that sexual abuse allegations are " a positive	Trump advisor says allegations of sexual abuse'a positive	1
Clinton ' contemptuous ' of security agents , put team at risk for photo op	Clinton'contemptuous'of security agents, put team at risk for photo op	1
Clinton ' contemptuous ' of security agents , put team at risk for photo op	Clinton'contemptuous'of security agents put team at risk for photo op	1
Should we see everything a cop sees ?	Should we see everything a police officer sees?	1
Should we see everything a cop sees ?	Should We See Everything a Cop Sees?	1
Should we see everything a cop sees ?	Should we see everything a cop sees?	1
Should we see everything a cop sees ?	Should We See Everything A Cop Sees?	1
Should we see everything a cop sees ?	Should we see all a cop sees?	1
Hillary Clinton seems content these days to let a damaged Donald Trump have the spotlight	Hillary Clinton appears content this days to let a damaged Donald Trump have the spotlight	1
Hillary Clinton seems content these days to let a damaged Donald Trump have the spotlight	Hillary Clinton seem content these days to let a damaged Donald Trump have the spotlight	1
Hillary Clinton seems content these days to let a damaged Donald Trump have the spotlight	Clinton seems content these days to let a damaged Donald Trump have the spotlight	1
Hillary Clinton seems content these days to let a damaged Donald Trump have the spotlight	Hillary Clinton Still Feels Content to Let a Damaged Donald Trump Have the Spotlight	1
At a rally in Lakeland , Florida , Donald Trump said Hillary Clinton " has to go to jail	At a Rally in Lakeland, Florida, Donald Trump called Hillary Clinton 'has to go to jail	1
At a rally in Lakeland , Florida , Donald Trump said Hillary Clinton " has to go to jail	At a Rally in Lakeland, Florida, Donald Trump Said Hillary Clinton Has to Go to Jail	1
At a rally in Lakeland , Florida , Donald Trump said Hillary Clinton " has to go to jail	Donald Trump told a rally in Lakeland, Florida that Hillary Clinton must go to jail.	1
The typical retiree's Social Security check will get only $3.92 bigger in 2017 .	The typical retiree's Social Security check will be only $3.92 bigger in 2017.	1
The typical retiree's Social Security check will get only $3.92 bigger in 2017 .	The average retiree's Social Security Check will only get $3.92 more in 2017.	1
The typical retiree's Social Security check will get only $3.92 bigger in 2017 .	The average retirees Social Security checks will get only $3.92 bigger in 2017	1
The typical retiree's Social Security check will get only $3.92 bigger in 2017 .	In 2017, the typical retiree's Social Security check will get only $3.92 more	1
The typical retiree's Social Security check will get only $3.92 bigger in 2017 .	In 2017, the typical retiree's Social Security check will only get $3.92 larger.	1
The typical retiree's Social Security check will get only $3.92 bigger in 2017 .	In 2017 the average retiree's Social Security check will only get $3.92 bigger.	1
First time that a member of the press has been on Trump's plane for over a month	First time member of the press has been on Trump's plane for over a month	1
Mickey Mantle is alive , he plays in Anaheim , and no one cares	Mickey Mantle Lives, he Plays in Anaheim, and No One Cares	1
Mickey Mantle is alive , he plays in Anaheim , and no one cares	Mickey Mantle is alive, he plays in Anaheim and no one cares.	1
Mickey Mantle is alive , he plays in Anaheim , and no one cares	Mickey Mantle is alive. He plays in Anaheim. Not everyone cares	1
Mickey Mantle is alive , he plays in Anaheim , and no one cares	Mickey Mantle is alive, he plays in Anaheim and nobody cares	1
Afghan security forces have suffered more than 4,500 deaths in the last 6 month	Afghan security forces have suffered more than 4,500 deaths in the last 6 months	1
Afghan security forces have suffered more than 4,500 deaths in the last 6 month	Afghanistan security forces suffered more than 4,500 deaths in the last 6 months	1
Afghan security forces have suffered more than 4,500 deaths in the last 6 month	Afghan security forces have suffered more than 4,500 deaths over the past 6 months	1
Afghan security forces have suffered more than 4,500 deaths in the last 6 month	Afghan security forces are suffering more than 4,500 casualties over the past 6 months	1
Afghan security forces have suffered more than 4,500 deaths in the last 6 month	Afghan security forces have suffered more than 4,500 deaths over the past 6 months.	1
Afghan security forces have suffered more than 4,500 deaths in the last 6 month	Afghan security forces have lost more than 4,500 lives in the last 6 months.	1
Listen to Bob Dylan and the tracks that influenced him , side by side	Listen to Bob Dylan and the Tracks That Influenced Him, Side by Side	1
Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty	Hillary Clinton meets with global banks in secret to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty	1
Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty	Clinton meets with global banks in secret to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty	1
Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty	Hillary Clinton meets with international banks in secret attempting to destabilize US sovereignty	1
Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty	Hillary Clinton meets with world banks in secret to plot the destruction of US sovereignty	1
Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty	Hillary Clinton meets with international banks in secret for a possible plot of the destruction of US sovereignty	1
Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty	Clinton meets with international banks in secret to plot the destruction of US sovereignty	1
Hillary Clinton meets in secret with international banks to plot the destruction of U.S. sovereignty	Hillary Clinton meets with international banks in secret to plot the destruction of US sovereignty	1
prays over fan who collapsed after game	prays over fan who collapsed after game!	1
prays over fan who collapsed after game	Prays Over Fan Who Collided After Game	1
prays over fan who collapsed after game	praying over fan who fell apart after game	1
prays over fan who collapsed after game	Prayers over fan who collapsed after game	1
China launches manned space mission , designed to develop its ability to explore space .	China launches manned space mission to develop its ability to explore space	1
China launches manned space mission , designed to develop its ability to explore space .	China launches manned space mission, designed to develop its ability to explore space	1
China launches manned space mission , designed to develop its ability to explore space .	China launches manned space mission. The mission was designed to develop China's ability to explore space.	1
China launches manned space mission , designed to develop its ability to explore space .	China launches manned space mission -- aimed to develop its capability to explore space	1
China launches manned space mission , designed to develop its ability to explore space .	China launches manned space mission. It will test its ability to explore space	1
China launches manned space mission , designed to develop its ability to explore space .	China launches manned space mission, designed to develop its ability to explore space.	1
Benghazi victim's mom will attend the 3rd presidential debate as guest of	Benghazi Victim's Mom Will Attend 3rd Presidential Debate as Guest of	1
Benghazi victim's mom will attend the 3rd presidential debate as guest of	Benghazi victim's mom will attend 3rd presidential debate as guest	1
Michael Moore's ' October surprise ' is a new anti-Trump , pro-Hillary film	Michael Moore's'October Surprise'is a new anti-Trump, pro-Hillary film	1
Michael Moore's ' October surprise ' is a new anti-Trump , pro-Hillary film	Michael Moore's'October surprise'is a new anti-Trump, pro-Hillary film	1
Michael Moore's ' October surprise ' is a new anti-Trump , pro-Hillary film	Michael Moores'October surprise'is a new anti-Trump, pro-Hillary film	1
Michael Moore's ' October surprise ' is a new anti-Trump , pro-Hillary film	Michael Moores'October Surprise'Is a New Anti-Trump, Pro-Hillary Film	1
Michael Moore's ' October surprise ' is a new anti-Trump , pro-Hillary film	Michael Moore's " October surprise " is a new anti-Trump, pro-Hillary film.	1
Michael Moore's ' October surprise ' is a new anti-Trump , pro-Hillary film	Michael Moore’s ’October surprise ’ is a new anti-Trump, pro-Hillary film	1
Michael Moore's ' October surprise ' is a new anti-Trump , pro-Hillary film	Michael Moore's film,  October Surprise '', is a new anti-Trump, pro-Hillary film	1
Michael Moore's ' October surprise ' is a new anti-Trump , pro-Hillary film	Michael Moores'October Surprise'is a new anti-Trump, pro-Hillary film!	1
Michael Moore's ' October surprise ' is a new anti-Trump , pro-Hillary film	Michael Moores'October Surprise'is a new anti-Trump, pro-Hillary film	1
Michael Moore's ' October surprise ' is a new anti-Trump , pro-Hillary film	Michael Moores'October surprise'is a new anti-Trump, pro-Hillary film.	1
Michael Moore's ' October surprise ' is a new anti-Trump , pro-Hillary film	Michael Moores'October Surprise'is a new anti-Trump, pro-Hillary film.	1
Michael Moore's ' October surprise ' is a new anti-Trump , pro-Hillary film	Michael Moore's'October Surprise'Is a New Anti-Trump, Pro-Hillary Film	1
Colorado researchers turn beer waste into battery electrodes	Researchers in Colorado are turning beer waste into battery electrodes.	1
Colorado researchers turn beer waste into battery electrodes	Researchers in Colorado use beer waste to make battery electrodes.	1
Colorado researchers turn beer waste into battery electrodes	Researchers in Colorado are turning beer waste into battery electrodes	1
Colorado researchers turn beer waste into battery electrodes	Researchers from Colorado try to turn beer waste into battery electrodes	1
The formerly incarcerated are facing crippling prison debt when they get out	The formerly incarcerated are facing crippling prison debt when they get out.	1
Rapper Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him ' Uncle Tom ' during ' Celebrity Apprentice ' taping	Rapper Lil Jon said Donald Trump called him Uncle Tom'during 'Celebrity Apprentice' taping	1
Rapper Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him ' Uncle Tom ' during ' Celebrity Apprentice ' taping	Rapper Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him'Uncle Tom'during the episode of Celebrity Apprentice	1
Why dont we use our vacation time ?	Why dont we use our vacation time?	1
Why dont we use our vacation time ?	Why dont we take our vacations?	1
When do you worry about a picky eater ?	When should you worry about a picky eater?	1
When do you worry about a picky eater ?	When Should You Concern About a Picky Eater?	1
Bob Dylan wins the Nobel Literature Prize and the world reacts	Bob Dylan wins Nobel Literature Prize, and the world reacts	1
Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty , U.S. officials say	Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates a landmark weapons control treaty, U.S. officials say	1
Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty , U.S. officials say	Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty, U.S. officials say	1
Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty , U.S. officials say	Russia is moving forward on a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty, U.S. officials say	1
Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty , U.S. officials say	Russia is moving forward with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty, U.S. officials say	1
Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty , U.S. officials say	Russia is moving forward with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty, U.S. officials say.	1
Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty , U.S. officials say	Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty, US officials say	1
Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty , U.S. officials say	Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates the landmark arms control treaty, U.S. officials say	1
Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty , U.S. officials say	Russia is moving forward with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty, US officials say	1
Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty , U.S. officials say	Russia is moving forward with a missile program that violates the landmark arms control treaty, U.S. officials say.	1
Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty , U.S. officials say	Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates the landmark Arms Control Treaty, US officials say	1
Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty , U.S. officials say	Russia is moving forward with a missile program that violates the landmark arms control treaty, US officials say.	1
Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty , U.S. officials say	Russia is moving forward with a missile program that violates a landmark treaty on arms control, U.S. officials say	1
Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty , U.S. officials say	Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates the landmark arms control treaty, US officials say	1
Russia is moving ahead with a missile program that violates a landmark arms control treaty , U.S. officials say	Russia is moving forward with a missile program that violates the landmark arms control treaty, US officials say	1
When sexual assault happens on flights , airlines often have little idea what to do	When it comes to airline sexual assault, many airlines have no idea what to do.	1
When sexual assault happens on flights , airlines often have little idea what to do	When Sexual Assault Happens on Airlines, Airlines Have No Idea What to Do	1
Maybe America needs Donald Trump to show " authoritarian power	Maybe America needs Donald Trump to show " authoritarian power.	1
Maybe America needs Donald Trump to show " authoritarian power	Maybe America Needs Donald Trump to Show Authoritarian Power	1
Maybe America needs Donald Trump to show " authoritarian power	Maybe America Needs Donald Trump to Show Authoritarian Power.	1
Maybe America needs Donald Trump to show " authoritarian power	Maybe America Needs Donald Trump to Show'Authoritarian Power	1
Maybe America needs Donald Trump to show " authoritarian power	Maybe America needs Trump to show'authoritarian power	1
New CNN/ORC polls in key states suggest Trump edge in Ohio , Clinton inches ahead in Nevada and NC .	New CNN/ORC polls in key states suggest Trump edge in Ohio, Clinton inches ahead in Nevada and NC.	1
In Aleppo , a destruction so complete that it obliterates even a sense of time .	In Aleppo, the destruction is so complete that it obliterates even a sense of time.	1
In Aleppo , a destruction so complete that it obliterates even a sense of time .	In Aleppo, a destruction so complete that it obliterates even a sense of time.	1
In Aleppo , a destruction so complete that it obliterates even a sense of time .	In Aleppo, destruction so complete that it obliterates even a sense of time.	1
In Aleppo , a destruction so complete that it obliterates even a sense of time .	In Aleppo, destruction is so complete that it obliterates even a sense of time.	1
The Iraqi military says it has inflicted heavy losses on ISIS and made advances in southeast Mosul .	Iraqi military says ISIS suffered heavy losses and made advances in Southeastern Mosul.	1
The Iraqi military says it has inflicted heavy losses on ISIS and made advances in southeast Mosul .	Iraqi military says it inflicted heavy losses on ISIS and made advances in southeast Mosul.	1
The Iraqi military says it has inflicted heavy losses on ISIS and made advances in southeast Mosul .	The Iraqi military says it has inflicted heavy losses on ISIS and made advances in southeast Mosul.	1
The Iraqi military says it has inflicted heavy losses on ISIS and made advances in southeast Mosul .	Iraqi military says it has inflicted heavy losses on ISIS and made advances in southeast Mosul.	1
For Donald Trump , lessons in grace	For Donald Trump, Lessons in Grace	1
For Donald Trump , lessons in grace	For Trump, Lessons in Grace	1
Jeffrey Epstein also accused in this case & gt ; Lawsuit accusing Trump of raping girl , 13 , gets December hearing	Jeffrey Epstein also accused in this case & amp ; Gt ; Lawsuit accusing Trump of raping girl, 13, gets December hearing.	1
Trump accuser tells WaPo he felt her up " to prove that he could . This is a distinct theme	Trump accuser tells WaPo he felt her up'to prove that he could. This is a distinct theme	1
Trump accuser tells WaPo he felt her up " to prove that he could . This is a distinct theme	Trump accuser tells WaPo he felt her up to prove he could. This is a distinct theme.	1
Somewhat obscured by the U.S. election this week The implosion of relations between Russia and the West	Somewhat obscured by the US election this week The implosion of relations between Russia and the West	1
Emails reveal Clinton camps scramble to craft , defend server story	Emails reveal Clinton camps scramble to craft, defend server story	1
Emails reveal Clinton camps scramble to craft , defend server story	Emails reveal Clinton camps scrambled to craft, defend server story	1
Emails reveal Clinton camps scramble to craft , defend server story	Emails reveal Clinton camp scrambled to craft, defend server story	1
Emails reveal Clinton camps scramble to craft , defend server story	Emails reveal Clinton camp scramble to craft, defend server story	1
Emails reveal Clinton camps scramble to craft , defend server story	Emails reveal Clinton camps scramble to craft, defend server story.	1
Emails reveal Clinton camps scramble to craft , defend server story	emails reveal Clinton camps scramble to craft, defend server story	1
Donald Trump is a walking , talking trigger	Donald Trump Is a Walking, Talking Trigger	1
Donald Trump is a walking , talking trigger	Trump is a walking, talking trigger.	1
Donald Trump is a walking , talking trigger	Donald Trump is a walking, talking trigger.	1
Donald Trump is a walking , talking trigger	Trump Is a Walking, Talking Trigger	1
Donald Trump is a walking , talking trigger	Trump is a walking, talking trigger	1
Donald Trump is a walking , talking trigger	Donald Trump is a walking, talking trigger!	1
Why the top entrepreneurs are seeking corporate venture money	Why the top entrepreneurs are seeking corporate venture funding	1
Why the top entrepreneurs are seeking corporate venture money	Why Top Founders Are Seeking Corporate Venture Money	1
Why the top entrepreneurs are seeking corporate venture money	Why top entrepreneurs seek corporate venture funding	1
Hacked emails show how the Clinton candidacy was thrown badly off course by a misreading of the electorate	Hacked emails show how the Clinton candidacy was badly thrown off course by a misreading of the electorate	1
Hacked emails show how the Clinton candidacy was thrown badly off course by a misreading of the electorate	Hacked emails show how the Clinton campaign was badly tipped off course by a misreading of the electorate	1
Hacked emails show how the Clinton candidacy was thrown badly off course by a misreading of the electorate	Hacked Emails Show How the Clinton Campaign Was thrown badly off course by a Misreading of the electorate	1
Hacked emails show how the Clinton candidacy was thrown badly off course by a misreading of the electorate	Hacked emails show how Hillary Clinton's candidacy was badly thrown off course by a misreading of the electorate	1
Hacked emails show how the Clinton candidacy was thrown badly off course by a misreading of the electorate	Hacked emails show how Clintons candidacy was badly thrown off course by a misreading of the electorate	1
Hacked emails show how the Clinton candidacy was thrown badly off course by a misreading of the electorate	Hacked emails show Clintons candidacy badly thrown off course by misreading the electorate.	1
Hacked emails show how the Clinton candidacy was thrown badly off course by a misreading of the electorate	Hacked emails show how the Clinton candidacy was badly off course by a misreading of the electorate	1
Hacked emails show how the Clinton candidacy was thrown badly off course by a misreading of the electorate	Hacked emails show how Clinton was thrown badly off course by a misreading of the electorate	1
Hacked emails show how the Clinton candidacy was thrown badly off course by a misreading of the electorate	Hacked emails show how the Clinton candidacy was thrown badly off course by a misreading of the electorate.	1
Hacked emails show how the Clinton candidacy was thrown badly off course by a misreading of the electorate	Hacked emails show how the Clinton campaign was badly thrown off course by a misreading of the electorate	1
In 2005 , Donald Trump pushed her against a wall and forced her to kiss him , a former writer for People said	In 2005, Trump pushed her against a wall and forced her to kiss him, says a former writer for People	1
In 2005 , Donald Trump pushed her against a wall and forced her to kiss him , a former writer for People said	In 2005, Donald Trump forced her against a wall and forced her to kiss him, a former writer for People said	1
Democratic Minnesota governor says ObamaCare ' no longer affordable	Democratic Minnesota governor says ObamaCare'no longer affordable '.	1
Democratic Minnesota governor says ObamaCare ' no longer affordable	The Democratic governor of Minnesota says Obamacare is no longer affordable.	1
Democratic Minnesota governor says ObamaCare ' no longer affordable	Democratic Minnesota governor says ObamaCare is no longer affordable.	1
Democratic Minnesota governor says ObamaCare ' no longer affordable	Democratic Minnesota governor says ObamaCare'no longer affordable	1
Democratic Minnesota governor says ObamaCare ' no longer affordable	Democratic Minnesota governor says Obamacare is no longer affordable.	1
Democratic Minnesota governor says ObamaCare ' no longer affordable	Democratic Minnesota governor says Obamacare is'no longer affordable '.	1
Lets be clear Donald Trump bragged about committing sexual assault .	Lets clear Mr. Trump bragged about sexual assault.	1
Samsung kills the Galaxy Note 7 for good	Samsung says it will kill the Galaxy Note 7 for good	1
Renowned chef Massimo Bottura has used a vaporizer to breathe cheese	Chef Massimo Bottura Uses Vaporizer to Breathe Cheese	1
Renowned chef Massimo Bottura has used a vaporizer to breathe cheese	Culinary icon Massimo Bottura uses a vaporizer to breathe cheese	1
Renowned chef Massimo Bottura has used a vaporizer to breathe cheese	Massimo Bottura's famous chef used a vaporizer to breathe cheese.	1
Renowned chef Massimo Bottura has used a vaporizer to breathe cheese	Famous chef Massimo Bottura uses a vaporizer to breathe cheese.	1
Renowned chef Massimo Bottura has used a vaporizer to breathe cheese	Famous Chef Massimo Bottura Uses Vaporizer to Breathe Cheese	1
Renowned chef Massimo Bottura has used a vaporizer to breathe cheese	Reputable chef Massimo Bottura uses a vaporizer to breathe cheese	1
FBI investigating if fatal plane crash in Connecticut was intentional	FBI investigates if fatal plane crash in Connecticut was intentional.	1
FBI investigating if fatal plane crash in Connecticut was intentional	FBI investigating if fatal plane crash in Connecticut intentional	1
A foundation has a bold plan to fight poverty providing each child with $250 a month	A foundation has a bold plan to fight poverty, providing each child with $250 a month.	1
A foundation has a bold plan to fight poverty providing each child with $250 a month	A foundation has a bold plan to fight poverty. They are giving each child $250 a month	1
How Did Walmart Get Cleaner Stores and Higher Sales ? It Paid Its People More	How Did Walmart Get Cleaner Stores and Higher Sales? It Paid Its People More	1
How Did Walmart Get Cleaner Stores and Higher Sales ? It Paid Its People More	How Walmart Got Cleaner Stores and Higher Sales. It Paid Its People More	1
Amazon Music Unlimited debuts with discounts for Prime members , cheap " Ech o-o nly " plan	Amazon Music Unlimited debuts with discounts for Prime members, cheap " Ech o-o Nly, " plans	1
Donald Trump cancels " Hannity " interview	Donald Trump cancels interview with Hannity	1
As parents , " Americans seem not to realize how terribly they are being treated	As Parents, Americans seem not to realize how horrible they are being treated.	1
As parents , " Americans seem not to realize how terribly they are being treated	As parents, many Americans seem not to realize how terribly they are being treated.	1
As parents , " Americans seem not to realize how terribly they are being treated	As Parents, Americans seem not to realize how terribly they are being treated	1
As parents , " Americans seem not to realize how terribly they are being treated	As parents, Americans seem not to realize how horribly they are being treated.	1
As parents , " Americans seem not to realize how terribly they are being treated	As parents, Americans seem not to realize how terribly they are being treated.	1
As parents , " Americans seem not to realize how terribly they are being treated	As parents, #Americans seem not to realize how terribly they are being treated.	1
As parents , " Americans seem not to realize how terribly they are being treated	Parents in America seem not to realize how terrible they are being treated.	1
Nothin like a little embarrassment to light a fire under someone's butt .	Nothin likes a little embarrassment to light a fire under someone's butt.	1
Nothin like a little embarrassment to light a fire under someone's butt .	Nothing like a little embarrassment to light a fire under someone's butt.	1
Nothin like a little embarrassment to light a fire under someone's butt .	Nothin like a little embarrassment to light a fire under someone's butt.	1
Google searches for ' write-in ' are off the charts	Google searches for'write-in'are off the charts	1
Google searches for ' write-in ' are off the charts	Google searches for'write-in'off the charts	1
Google searches for ' write-in ' are off the charts	Google searches for " write-in " are off the charts	1
Jessica Leeds says she was groped by Donald Trump , he says it's " total fabrication	Jessica Leeds says she was groped by Donald Trump. he calls it'total fabrication	1
Jessica Leeds says she was groped by Donald Trump , he says it's " total fabrication	Jessica Leeds Says She Was Groped by Trump, He Says It's Total Fake	1
Jessica Leeds says she was groped by Donald Trump , he says it's " total fabrication	Jessica Leeds says she was groped by Donald Trump, he says it's total fabrication	1
Jessica Leeds says she was groped by Donald Trump , he says it's " total fabrication	Jessica Leeds says she was groped by Trump, saying it's a total fabrication	1
Melania Trump rejects womens claims that her husband groped them	Melania Trump refutes womens claims that her husband groped them	1
Melania Trump rejects womens claims that her husband groped them	Melania Trump rejects womens claims that husband groped them	1
Fashion becomes a victim of its own oversharing	Fashion becomes victim of its own oversharing	1
Fashion becomes a victim of its own oversharing	Fashion Becomes a Victim of Its Own Overselection	1
Fashion becomes a victim of its own oversharing	Fashion Becomes Victim of Its Own Oversharing	1
Fashion becomes a victim of its own oversharing	Fashion is being a victim of its own oversharing.	1
Fashion becomes a victim of its own oversharing	Fashion becomes victim of its own oversharing.	1
Fashion becomes a victim of its own oversharing	Fashion gets a victim of its own oversharing	1
Fashion becomes a victim of its own oversharing	Fashion become a victim of its own oversharing.	1
Fashion becomes a victim of its own oversharing	Fashion becomes a victim of its own oversharing.	1
Stack Overflow puts a new spin on resumes for developers	Stack Overflow puts a new spin on resumes for developers.	1
Shameful silence on Donald Trump's lies about vote-rigging	Shameful Silence on Donald Trumps Lies About Vote-Rigging	1
The Google Pixel XL is Android's best ambassador	Google Pixel XL is Android's best ambassador	1
The Google Pixel XL is Android's best ambassador	Google Pixel XL: Android's best ambassador	1
The Cleveland Indians advance to the World Series , defeating the Toronto Blue Jays 3-0	The Cleveland Indians advance to the World Series with a 3-0 win against the Toronto Blue Jays	1
The Cleveland Indians advance to the World Series , defeating the Toronto Blue Jays 3-0	The Cleveland Indians advance to World Series, defeating the Toronto Blue Jays 3-0	1
The Cleveland Indians advance to the World Series , defeating the Toronto Blue Jays 3-0	The Cleveland Indians advance to the World Series, defeating the Toronto Blue Jays 3-0	1
I dont know a lot of people who operate a casino and manage to lose almost a billion dollars in one year .	I dont know a lot of people who operate a casino and manage to lose almost a billion dollars in one year.	1
I dont know a lot of people who operate a casino and manage to lose almost a billion dollars in one year .	I dont know a lot of people who operate a casino and manage to lose almost a billion dollars in a year.	1
I dont know a lot of people who operate a casino and manage to lose almost a billion dollars in one year .	I dont know a lot of people that operate a casino and manage to lose almost a billion dollars in a year.	1
I dont know a lot of people who operate a casino and manage to lose almost a billion dollars in one year .	I dont know a lot of people who run a casino and manage to lose almost a billion dollars in a year.	1
I dont know a lot of people who operate a casino and manage to lose almost a billion dollars in one year .	I dont know a lot of people who operate a casino and manage to lose nearly a billion dollars in a year.	1
I dont know a lot of people who operate a casino and manage to lose almost a billion dollars in one year .	In other words, I dont know a lot of people who operate a casino and manage to lose almost a billion in a year.	1
I dont know a lot of people who operate a casino and manage to lose almost a billion dollars in one year .	I dont know a lot of people who run a casino and manage to lose almost a billion dollars in one year.	1
I dont know a lot of people who operate a casino and manage to lose almost a billion dollars in one year .	I dont know a lot of people who operate a casino and manage to lose nearly a billion dollars in one year.	1
What our sons are learning from Donald Trump	What Our Sons Are Learning From Donald Trump.	1
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton gear up for their final #debate showdown	Trump and Clinton gear up for their final #debate showdown	1
Google and Facebook are building the fastest trans-Pacific cableyet	Google and Facebook are teaming up to build the fastest Trans-Pacific cableyet	1
Google and Facebook are building the fastest trans-Pacific cableyet	Google and Facebook to build fastest trans-Pacific cableyet	1
Google and Facebook are building the fastest trans-Pacific cableyet	Google and Facebook are reportedly building the fastest trans-Pacific cableyet	1
Targeting the untapped market of wearables for elder care	Targeting the untapped market of wearables for eldercare	1
Targeting the untapped market of wearables for elder care	focusing on the untapped market of wearables for elder care.	1
Google added fact checking Facebook , it's your move now	Google adds fact checking Facebook, it's your move now	1
Google added fact checking Facebook , it's your move now	Google added fact checking Facebook, it's your move now	1
Trump unleashed near-apocalyptic warnings about the potential destruction of America on Thursday and Friday	Trump unleashed near-apocalyptic warnings about the potential destruction of America Thursday and Friday	1
Trump unleashed near-apocalyptic warnings about the potential destruction of America on Thursday and Friday	Trump unleashed near-apocalyptic warnings on Thursday and Friday about the potential destruction of America	1
Trump unleashed near-apocalyptic warnings about the potential destruction of America on Thursday and Friday	Trump unleashed near-apocalyptic warnings about Americas potential destruction on Thursday and Friday	1
Trump unleashed near-apocalyptic warnings about the potential destruction of America on Thursday and Friday	Trump unleashed near-apocalyptic warnings about the potential destruction of America on Thursday and Friday.	1
Trump unleashed near-apocalyptic warnings about the potential destruction of America on Thursday and Friday	Trump unleashes near-apocalyptic warnings about the potential destruction of America on Thursday and Friday	1
Trump unleashed near-apocalyptic warnings about the potential destruction of America on Thursday and Friday	Trump unleashes near-apocalyptic warnings about the potential destruction of America on Thursday and Friday.	1
Trump unleashed near-apocalyptic warnings about the potential destruction of America on Thursday and Friday	Donald Trump unleashed near-apocalyptic warnings about the potential destruction of America on Thursday and Friday.	1
Trump unleashed near-apocalyptic warnings about the potential destruction of America on Thursday and Friday	Donald Trump unleashed a near-apocalyptic warnings about the potential destruction of America on Thursday and Friday.	1
I don't know " if Trump will be better for Supreme Court than Clinton	I don't know'if Trump will be better for Supreme Court than Clinton	1
I don't know " if Trump will be better for Supreme Court than Clinton	I don't know'if Trump will be better for Supreme Court than Clinton.	1
I don't know " if Trump will be better for Supreme Court than Clinton	Don't know if Trump will be better for the Supreme Court than Clinton	1
This is the real Michelle Obama Former WH staffer on @FLOTUS ' speech yesterday	This is the real Michelle Obama Former WH staffer on'FLOTUS'speech yesterday	1
This is the real Michelle Obama Former WH staffer on @FLOTUS ' speech yesterday	This is the real Michelle Obama Former WH staffer on @FLOTUS' speech yesterday	1
This is the real Michelle Obama Former WH staffer on @FLOTUS ' speech yesterday	This is the real Michelle Obama Former WH staffer on #FLOTUS'speech Yesterday	1
We know this is the last station for ISIS there is nowhere else for them to go	We know this is the last station for ISIS, there is nowhere else for them to go.	1
We know this is the last station for ISIS there is nowhere else for them to go	We know this is the last station for ISIS, there is nowhere else for them to go	1
We know this is the last station for ISIS there is nowhere else for them to go	We Know This Is the Last Station for ISIS. There Is Nowhere else for them to Go	1
We know this is the last station for ISIS there is nowhere else for them to go	We know this is the last station for ISIS. There is nowhere else for them to go.	1
Check out a teaser for episode 6 of #TrustDisrupted and watch full episodes here	Watch a teaser for episode 6 of #TrustDisrupted, and watch full episodes here	1
Check out a teaser for episode 6 of #TrustDisrupted and watch full episodes here	Check out a teaser for #TrustDisrupted episode 6, and watch full episodes here	1
Check out a teaser for episode 6 of #TrustDisrupted and watch full episodes here	Check out a teaser for episode 6 of TrustDisrupted and read full episodes here	1
Ken Bone said that he had been leaning toward Donald Trump , but that Hillary Clinton " really impressed me	Ken Bone says he was leaning heavily towards Trump but that Clinton had " really impressed me.	1
Ken Bone said that he had been leaning toward Donald Trump , but that Hillary Clinton " really impressed me	Ken Bone says he had been leaning toward Trump, but that Clinton'really impressed me	1
Follow @BBCAmos as he covers descent of @esa Schiaparelli robot to surface of Mars	Follow @BBCAmos as he covers descent of @esaSchiaparelli robot to surface of Mars.	1
Follow @BBCAmos as he covers descent of @esa Schiaparelli robot to surface of Mars	Follow @BBCAmos as he covers descent of #esa@Schiaparelli robot to Mars	1
Follow @BBCAmos as he covers descent of @esa Schiaparelli robot to surface of Mars	Follow @BBCAmos as he covers descent of #esa_schiaparelli robot to surface of Mars	1
Follow @BBCAmos as he covers descent of @esa Schiaparelli robot to surface of Mars	Follow @BBCAmos as he covers descent of #esa_schiaparelli robot to Mars	1
Follow @BBCAmos as he covers descent of @esa Schiaparelli robot to surface of Mars	Follow @BBCAmos as he covers descent of #esaSchiaparelli robot to surface of Mars	1
NOT true of @NBCNews no way , no how that would have happened .	NOT true of @NBCNews, NO WAY, NO HOW THAT HAS HAPPENED.	1
NOT true of @NBCNews no way , no how that would have happened .	NOT true of @NBCNews, no way, no how that would have happened.	1
NOT true of @NBCNews no way , no how that would have happened .	Not true of @NBCNews No way, No How That Would Have Happened.	1
NOT true of @NBCNews no way , no how that would have happened .	NOT true of @NBCNews,'no way, no how that would have happened.	1
NOT true of @NBCNews no way , no how that would have happened .	Not true of @NBCNews NO WAY, NO HOW THAT HAS HAPPENED!	1
FBI Director James Comey says police shootings are not part of a nationwide pattern	FBI director James Comey says cop shootings are not part of a nationwide trend	1
FBI Director James Comey says police shootings are not part of a nationwide pattern	FBI Director James Comey said police shootings were not part of a nationwide pattern	1
FBI Director James Comey says police shootings are not part of a nationwide pattern	FBI Director James Comey says shootings by police are not part of a nationwide trend.	1
FBI Director James Comey says police shootings are not part of a nationwide pattern	FBI Director James Comey says shootings are not part of a nationwide pattern of police shootings	1
FBI Director James Comey says police shootings are not part of a nationwide pattern	FBI Director James Comey says cop shootings are not part of a nationwide pattern	1
FBI Director James Comey says police shootings are not part of a nationwide pattern	FBI Director James Comey says shootings from police departments are not part of a nationwide trend	1
Estonia's Funderbeam is building a blockchain-based " stock exchange " for startups	Estonia's Funderbeam is building a blockchain-based'stock exchange '' for startups	1
Estonia's Funderbeam is building a blockchain-based " stock exchange " for startups	Estonia's Funderbeam is building a " blockchain-based " stock exchange for startups	1
Estonia's Funderbeam is building a blockchain-based " stock exchange " for startups	Estonian startup Funderbeam is building a " blockchain-based stock exchange " for startups	1
Donald Trump ' grabbed me and went for the lips ' , says new accuser	Donald Trump'grabbed me and went for the lips ', says new accuser	1
Donald Trump ' grabbed me and went for the lips ' , says new accuser	Trump'grabbed me and went for the lips ', says new accuser	1
Donald Trump ' grabbed me and went for the lips ' , says new accuser	Donald Trump'grabbed me and went for the lips ', says new accuser.	1
Should a set of archaic rules also be used to take Britain out of the EU ?	Can a new set of archaic rules be used to take Britain out of the EU?	1
Should a set of archaic rules also be used to take Britain out of the EU ?	Should a set of archaic rules also be used to take Britain out of the EU?	1
Utah's top Mormons are in an " all-out revolt " against Donald Trump	Utah's Top Mormons Are in An All-Out Revolt Against Trump	1
Utah's top Mormons are in an " all-out revolt " against Donald Trump	Utah's Top Mormons are in All-Out Revolt against Donald Trump	1
Three men have been arrested and charged with plotting to bomb a mosque and apartment complex in Kansas , DOJ says	Three men have been arrested and charged with plotting to bomb a mosque and apartment complex in Kansas, the DOJ says.	1
The fight is heating up in Silicon Valey over rent control	The battle is heating up in Silicon Valey over rent control	1
The fight is heating up in Silicon Valey over rent control	The fight is heating up in Silicon Valley over rent control	1
Dario Fo , a Nobel-winning Italian playwright , dies at 90	A Nobel-Winning Italian Playwright Dario Fo Dies at 90	1
Dario Fo , a Nobel-winning Italian playwright , dies at 90	The Nobel-Winning Italian Playwright Dario Fo dies at 90	1
Dario Fo , a Nobel-winning Italian playwright , dies at 90	Nobel-Winning Italian Playwright Dario Fo Dies at 90	1
Dario Fo , a Nobel-winning Italian playwright , dies at 90	Dario Fo, Nobel-Winning Italian Playwright, Dies at 90	1
Dario Fo , a Nobel-winning Italian playwright , dies at 90	Nobel-Winning Italian Playwright Dario Fo Dies At 90	1
Dario Fo , a Nobel-winning Italian playwright , dies at 90	Nobel Prize-Winning Italian Playwright Dario Fo Dies at 90	1
Dario Fo , a Nobel-winning Italian playwright , dies at 90	Nobel Prize-Winning Italian Playwright Dario Fo dies at 90	1
Dario Fo , a Nobel-winning Italian playwright , dies at 90	Nobel-Winning Italian Playwright Dario Fo passes away at 90	1
Dario Fo , a Nobel-winning Italian playwright , dies at 90	Nobel-Winning Italian Playwright Dario Fo dies at 90	1
Dario Fo , a Nobel-winning Italian playwright , dies at 90	Nobel-Winning Italian Playwright Dario Fo dies at 90.	1
Dario Fo , a Nobel-winning Italian playwright , dies at 90	Dario Fo, a Nobel-Winning Italian Playwright, Dies at 90	1
Dario Fo , a Nobel-winning Italian playwright , dies at 90	Nobel-Winning Italian Playwright Dario Fo Dies at 90.	1
My husband is real . He tells it like it is .	My husband is real, he tells it like it is	1
My husband is real . He tells it like it is .	My husband is real. He tells it like it is.	1
My husband is real . He tells it like it is .	My husband is real. He tells it like it is	1
My husband is real . He tells it like it is .	my husband Is Real He Tells It Like It Is	1
My husband is real . He tells it like it is .	My husband is real, tells it like it is	1
My husband is real . He tells it like it is .	My husband is real and tells it like it is	1
My husband is real . He tells it like it is .	My Husband Is Real. He Tells It Like It Is	1
The problem is our government does not bear any sort of criticism . Hungary's largest opposition newspaper closes .	The issue is that the government does not bear any sort of criticism. Hungary's largest opposition newspaper closes.	1
The problem is our government does not bear any sort of criticism . Hungary's largest opposition newspaper closes .	The problem is that our government does not bear any sort of criticism. Hungarys biggest opposition newspaper closes.	1
The prospect of a Donald Trump presidency is pushing Silicon Valley into the political fray	The prospect of a Donald Trump presidency pushes Silicon Valley into the political fray	1
And a response from Clinton too .	And a response from Clinton.	1
And a response from Clinton too .	And the response from Clinton too.	1
And a response from Clinton too .	And a response from Clinton too.	1
Amazon unveils a streaming service that will compete directly with Spotify and Apple Music	Amazon unveiled its streaming service that will compete directly with Spotify and Apple Music	1
Amazon unveils a streaming service that will compete directly with Spotify and Apple Music	Amazon has finally unveiled a streaming service that will compete directly with Spotify and Apple Music	1
Amazon unveils a streaming service that will compete directly with Spotify and Apple Music	Amazon unveiled new streaming service that will compete directly with Spotify and Apple Music	1
Amazon unveils a streaming service that will compete directly with Spotify and Apple Music	Amazon unveiled a streaming service that will compete directly with Spotify and Apple Music	1
That's it , Britain is sunk .	That's it, Britain is sunk	1
That's it , Britain is sunk .	That's it, Britain is sinking	1
The Obama administration has intensified a clandestine war in Somalia over the past year	Obama administration intensifies clandestine war in Somalia over past year.	1
GOP leaders pretended Donald Trumps misogyny was an act . There's no pretending now	GOP Leaders Pretended Donald Trumps Misogyny Was an Act. There Was No Pretending Now	1
GOP leaders pretended Donald Trumps misogyny was an act . There's no pretending now	GOP Leaders Pretended Trump's Misogyny Was an Act. There's No Pretending Now	1
Republicans claim ' collusion ' after email appears to show DOJ , Clinton campaign contact	Republicans claim'collusion'after email appears to show DOJ, Clinton campaign contact	1
Democrats raise funds for GOP after North Carolina headquarters firebombed	Democrats raise money for GOP after North Carolina headquarters is firebombed	1
Democrats raise funds for GOP after North Carolina headquarters firebombed	Democrats raising funds for GOP after North Carolina headquarters firebomb	1
Clinton tech advisors cringed after she proposed a " Manhattan Project " to break encryption .	Clinton technical advisors cringed after she proposed a Manhattan Project to break encryption	1
Clinton tech advisors cringed after she proposed a " Manhattan Project " to break encryption .	Clinton Tech Advisors Cringed After Proposing a Manhattan Project to Break Encryption	1
Samsung halts Galaxy Note 7 production as battery problems linger	Samsung plans to halt Galaxy Note 7 production as battery problems linger	1
Samsung halts Galaxy Note 7 production as battery problems linger	Samsung suspends production of the Galaxy Note 7, despite persistent battery problems	1
Samsung halts Galaxy Note 7 production as battery problems linger	Samsung discontinues production of Galaxy Note 7 as Battery Problems Linger	1
Samsung halts Galaxy Note 7 production as battery problems linger	Samsung is pulling back production of its Galaxy Note 7 battery, as battery problems linger	1
Samsung halts Galaxy Note 7 production as battery problems linger	Samsung has halted production of the Galaxy Note 7 as battery problems persist	1
Clinton ' does not recall ' ordering destruction of emails from personal server in testimony	Clinton'does not recall'ordering destruction of emails from personal server in testimony.	1
Clinton ' does not recall ' ordering destruction of emails from personal server in testimony	Hillary Clinton'does not recall'ordering destruction of emails from personal server in testimony	1
The decline of the West , and how to stop it , by @strobetalbott and @javiersolana	The fall of the West, and How to Stop It, by @strobetalbott and @javiersolana	1
The decline of the West , and how to stop it , by @strobetalbott and @javiersolana	The decline of the West and how to stop it by @strobetalbott and @javiersolana	1
The decline of the West , and how to stop it , by @strobetalbott and @javiersolana	The Decline of the West, and How to Stop It, by @strobetalbott and @javiersolana	1
The decline of the West , and how to stop it , by @strobetalbott and @javiersolana	The decline of the West, and how to stop it, by @strobetalbott and @javiersolana	1
The decline of the West , and how to stop it , by @strobetalbott and @javiersolana	The Decline of the West, and How to Stop It by @strobetalbott and @javiersolana	1
The decline of the West , and how to stop it , by @strobetalbott and @javiersolana	The Decline of the West and How to Stop It by @strobetalbott and @javiersolana	1
The decline of the West , and how to stop it , by @strobetalbott and @javiersolana	The decline of the West, and How to Stop It, by @strobetalbott and @javiersolana	1
The decline of the West , and how to stop it , by @strobetalbott and @javiersolana	The decline of the West, and How to Stop It by @strobetalbott and @javiersolana	1
Google Flights will now tell you when fares will increase , help you find cheaper tickets	Google flights will now tell you when fares will increase, helping you find cheaper tickets	1
Google Flights will now tell you when fares will increase , help you find cheaper tickets	Google Flights will tell you when fares will increase, helping you find cheaper tickets.	1
Chetna Makan said being on the " The Great British Bake Off " was the " the opposite of Brexit	Chetna Makan says putting on The Great British Bake Off is the 'the opposite of Brexit	1
Chetna Makan said being on the " The Great British Bake Off " was the " the opposite of Brexit	Chetna Makan says being on'the Great British Bake Off'was the'the opposite of @Brexit	1
I " wasn't impressed " when Hillary Clinton walked in front of me at debate	I was just not impressed when Hillary Clinton walked in front of me at debate	1
I " wasn't impressed " when Hillary Clinton walked in front of me at debate	I just 'wasn't impressed' when Hillary Clinton walked in front of me at the debate.	1
Trump is the logical extension of misogyny , racism , privilege and anti-intellectualism .	Donald Trump is the logical extension of misogyny, racism, privilege and anti-intellectualism	1
Trump is the logical extension of misogyny , racism , privilege and anti-intellectualism .	Trump is the logical extension of misogyny, racism, privilege, and anti-intellectualism.	1
Trump is the logical extension of misogyny , racism , privilege and anti-intellectualism .	Trump is the logical extension of misogyny, racism, privilege and anti-intellectualism	1
Trump is the logical extension of misogyny , racism , privilege and anti-intellectualism .	Trump is the logical extension of misogyny, racism, privilege and anti-intellectualism.	1
Trump is the logical extension of misogyny , racism , privilege and anti-intellectualism .	Donald Trump Is the Logical Extension of Misogyny, Racism, Privilege and Anti-Intellectualism.	1
Trump is the logical extension of misogyny , racism , privilege and anti-intellectualism .	Donald Trump is the logical extension of misogyny, racism, privilege and anti-intellectualism.	1
Trump is the logical extension of misogyny , racism , privilege and anti-intellectualism .	Donald Trump is the logical extension of misogyny, racism, privilege, and anti-intellectualism.	1
Trump is the logical extension of misogyny , racism , privilege and anti-intellectualism .	Donald Trump is the logical extension of misogyny, racism, privilege, and anti-intellectualism	1
Trump is the logical extension of misogyny , racism , privilege and anti-intellectualism .	Donald Trump Is the logical extension of misogyny, racism, privilege and anti-intellectualism.	1
Trump is the logical extension of misogyny , racism , privilege and anti-intellectualism .	Trump is the logical extension of anti-intellectualism, racism, privilege, and misogyny.	1
Trump is the logical extension of misogyny , racism , privilege and anti-intellectualism .	Trump is the logical extension of misogyny, racism, privilege, and anti-intellectualism	1
There's no actual evidence that Trump's claims about a " rigged " 2016 election are true	There's no actual evidence that Trump's 2016 claims about a'rigged'election are true.	1
There's no actual evidence that Trump's claims about a " rigged " 2016 election are true	There's no actual evidence that Trump's claims about a " rigged " 2016 election are true.	1
There's no actual evidence that Trump's claims about a " rigged " 2016 election are true	No Actual Evidence That Trump's 2016 Claims About a " Rigged " Election Are True	1
Some Republicans who deserted Donald Trump over the video last week are returning	Some Republicans Who Deserted Trump Over the Video Last Week Are Returning	1
Some Republicans who deserted Donald Trump over the video last week are returning	Republicans who deserted Donald Trump over the video last week are returning	1
Some Republicans who deserted Donald Trump over the video last week are returning	Some Republicans who deserted Trump over the video last week are returning	1
Woman accuses Donald Trump of putting his hands under her skirt in the early 1990s	Woman accuses Trump of putting his hands under her skirt in early 1990s	1
NFL teams will now be fined for posting videos and GIFs duringgames	NFL teams to be fined for posting videos and GIFs during games	1
NFL teams will now be fined for posting videos and GIFs duringgames	NFL teams will be fined for posting videos and GIFs duringgames	1
NFL teams will now be fined for posting videos and GIFs duringgames	NFL teams will be fined for posting videos and GIFs during games	1
NFL teams will now be fined for posting videos and GIFs duringgames	NFL teams to be fined for posting videos and GIFs duringgames.	1
NFL teams will now be fined for posting videos and GIFs duringgames	NFL Teams Will Be Fined for Posting Videos and GIFs DuringGames	1
NFL teams will now be fined for posting videos and GIFs duringgames	NFL teams fined for posting video and GIFs during games	1
Fox News Poll Clinton leads Trump by 7 points	Clinton leads Trump by 7 points, Fox News poll	1
Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him ' Uncle Tom ' on ' Celebrity Apprentice	Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him'Uncle Tom'on Celebrity Apprentice	1
Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him ' Uncle Tom ' on ' Celebrity Apprentice	Lil Jon says Trump called him'Uncle Tom'on Celebrity Apprentice	1
Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him ' Uncle Tom ' on ' Celebrity Apprentice	Lil Jon says Trump called him'Uncle Tom'on the Celebrity Apprentice.	1
Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him ' Uncle Tom ' on ' Celebrity Apprentice	Lil Jon says Trump called him'Uncle Tom'on " Celebrity Apprentice.	1
Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him ' Uncle Tom ' on ' Celebrity Apprentice	Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him Uncle Tom on Celebrity Apprentice	1
Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him ' Uncle Tom ' on ' Celebrity Apprentice	Lil Jon says Trump called him'Uncle Tom'on Celebrity Apprentice.	1
Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him ' Uncle Tom ' on ' Celebrity Apprentice	Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him'Uncle Tom'on'Celebrity Apprentice '.	1
Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him ' Uncle Tom ' on ' Celebrity Apprentice	Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him Uncle Tom'on Celebrity Apprentice	1
Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him ' Uncle Tom ' on ' Celebrity Apprentice	Lil Jon Says Donald Trump Called Him'Uncle Tom'on Celebrity Apprentice	1
Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him ' Uncle Tom ' on ' Celebrity Apprentice	Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him Uncle Tom on " Celebrity Apprentice.	1
Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him ' Uncle Tom ' on ' Celebrity Apprentice	Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him'Uncle Tom'on 'Celebrity Apprentice	1
Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him ' Uncle Tom ' on ' Celebrity Apprentice	Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him Uncle Tom in the Celebrity Apprentice episode.	1
Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him ' Uncle Tom ' on ' Celebrity Apprentice	Lil Jon says Trump called him'Uncle Tom'on'Celebrity Apprentice '.	1
Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him ' Uncle Tom ' on ' Celebrity Apprentice	Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him'Uncle Tom'on Celebrity Apprentice.	1
Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him ' Uncle Tom ' on ' Celebrity Apprentice	Lil Jon says Donald Trump called him Uncle Tom on'Celebrity Apprentice '.	1
The trend of people dressing up like clowns and scaring others is now striking Britain	The trend of people dressing up as clowns and scaring others is now hitting Britain	1
The trend of people dressing up like clowns and scaring others is now striking Britain	The trend of people dressing up as clowns and scaring others is now taking over Britain.	1
The trend of people dressing up like clowns and scaring others is now striking Britain	The trend of people dressing up as clowns and scaring others is hitting Britain	1
Elena Ferrante wants privacy . Her new book , " Frantumaglia , " implies otherwise .	Elena Ferrante wants privacy and her new book, " Frantumaglia, " suggests otherwise	1
Elena Ferrante wants privacy . Her new book , " Frantumaglia , " implies otherwise .	Elena Ferrante Wants Privacy. Her New Book, Frantumaglia, Implies Otherwise.	1
Elena Ferrante wants privacy . Her new book , " Frantumaglia , " implies otherwise .	Elena Ferrante wants privacy. Her new book, " Frantumaglia, " implies otherwise.	1
Kroger faces backlash after police , officer's wife say employees refused to serve them	Kroger faces backlash after police, officer's wife say employees refused to serve them	1
Kroger faces backlash after police , officer's wife say employees refused to serve them	Kroger faces backlash after police, officer's wife say employees refused to serve	1
Kroger faces backlash after police , officer's wife say employees refused to serve them	Kroger faces backlash after cops, officer's wife say employees refused to serve them	1
Kroger faces backlash after police , officer's wife say employees refused to serve them	Kroger face backlash after police, officer's wife say employees refused to serve them	1
Kroger faces backlash after police , officer's wife say employees refused to serve them	Kroger faces backlash after cops and officer's wives say employees refused to serve them	1
The first of 2 cases against Rolling Stone over a discredited article about an alleged gang rape is set to begin	The first of two cases against Rolling Stone over a discredited article about an alleged gang rape is beginning	1
The first of 2 cases against Rolling Stone over a discredited article about an alleged gang rape is set to begin	The first of two cases against Rolling Stone over a discredited article about an alleged gang rape is scheduled to begin soon	1
I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944 Warren Buffett wrote in a letter on Monday	I have paid Federal income tax every year since 1944, Warren Buffett wrote in a letter on Monday.	1
I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944 Warren Buffett wrote in a letter on Monday	I've paid federal income taxes every year since 1944, Warren Buffett wrote in a letter on Monday.	1
I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944 Warren Buffett wrote in a letter on Monday	I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944, Mr. Buffett wrote in a letter on Monday	1
I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944 Warren Buffett wrote in a letter on Monday	I have paid Federal Income Tax every year since 1944, Warren Buffett wrote in a letter on Monday.	1
I have paid federal income tax every year since 1944 Warren Buffett wrote in a letter on Monday	I have paid Federal Income Tax every year since 1944, Warren Buffett wrote in a letter Monday.	1
BMWs new motorcycle concept is so smart you wont need a helmet to ride it	BMW's new motorcycle concept is so smart you wont need a helmet to ride	1
Donald Trump tweeted that his " shackles have been taken off . The rest of us need to buckle up .	Donald Trump tweets that his shackles have been taken off. The rest of us need to buckle up.	1
90% of a Haitian village is gone . The rest died from cholera or Hurricane Matthew .	90% of Haiti's villages are gone, the rest have been lost to cholera or hurricane Matthew.	1
90% of a Haitian village is gone . The rest died from cholera or Hurricane Matthew .	90% of a Haitian village is gone. The rest died from cholera or from Hurricane Matthew.	1
90% of a Haitian village is gone . The rest died from cholera or Hurricane Matthew .	90% of Haitian villages are gone, the rest died from cholera or Hurricane Matthew.	1
Samsung tells users Turn off your Galaxy Note 7 phone NOW	Samsung says consumers turn off Galaxy Note 7 phone now	1
The police use facial recognition tools with little oversight , a study says	Police Use Facial Recognition With Little Oversight, Study Says	1
Bill Clinton accusers slam wife's candidacy Hillary is only for one woman , and that's herself	Bill Clinton accusers slam wife Clinton's candidacy is only for one woman, and that's herself.	1
Oregon bakery shop accused of racism over Oreo cupcake named ' Mr. President	Oregon bakery accused of racism over Oreo cupcake named Mr. President	1
Oregon bakery shop accused of racism over Oreo cupcake named ' Mr. President	Oregon bakery accused of racism over Oreo cupcake named'Mr. President	1
If you're trying to flee Yahoo Mail , things just became a little more difficult	If you're trying to leave Yahoo Mail, everything just became a little more difficult	1
If you're trying to flee Yahoo Mail , things just became a little more difficult	If you're trying to flee Yahoo Mail, it's just got a little more difficult.	1
Laying bare the suffering in Western Haiti in the aftermath of Hurricane Matthew	Putting bare the suffering in Western Haiti in the aftermath of Hurricane Matthew	1
Laying bare the suffering in Western Haiti in the aftermath of Hurricane Matthew	Putting bare the suffering in Western Haiti following Hurricane Matthew.	1
Laying bare the suffering in Western Haiti in the aftermath of Hurricane Matthew	Putting bare the suffering in Western Haiti following Hurricane Matthew	1
this was one of the most agonizing things Ive ever read the # of ppl who inform themselves like th	This is one of the most agonizing things Ive ever read the # of ppl who inform themselves like th.	1
this was one of the most agonizing things Ive ever read the # of ppl who inform themselves like th	This was one of the most agonizing things Ive ever read the # of ppl who inform themselves like thyself	1
Google and Facebook are building the fastest trans-Pacific cable yet	Google and Facebook are collaborating to build the fastest trans-Pacific cable yet.	1
Google and Facebook are building the fastest trans-Pacific cable yet	Google and Facebook are working on the fastest trans-Pacific cable yet	1
Today is the last day to register to vote in New York . Heres a list of deadlines , state by state	Today is the last day to register to vote in New York. Heres a list of deadlines, state by state	1
Today is the last day to register to vote in New York . Heres a list of deadlines , state by state	Today is the last day to register to vote in New York. Heres a list of deadlines, state by state.	1
100% Made Up Trump slams ' corrupt ' media as more women make sexual assault claims	100% Made Up: Trump Slams 'Corrupt'Media as More Women Make Sexual Assault Claims	1
Like everybody else , New York's professional athletes are moving to Brooklyn	Like everybody else, New York professional athletes are moving to Brooklyn	1
Like everybody else , New York's professional athletes are moving to Brooklyn	Like everybody else, New York's elite athletes are moving to Brooklyn.	1
Like everybody else , New York's professional athletes are moving to Brooklyn	Like everybody else, New York's pros are moving to Brooklyn	1
Like everybody else , New York's professional athletes are moving to Brooklyn	Like everybody else, New York's professional athletes are moving to Brooklyn	1
Like everybody else , New York's professional athletes are moving to Brooklyn	Like everyone else, New York's professional athletes are moving to Brooklyn.	1
Like everybody else , New York's professional athletes are moving to Brooklyn	Like everyone else, New York's professional athletes are moving to Brooklyn	1
Trump insists election rigged , calls for drug test for him , Clinton before debate	Trump insists election rigged, calls for drug test for him, Clinton before debate	1
Trump insists election rigged , calls for drug test for him , Clinton before debate	Trump insists election is rigged, calls for drug test for him, Clinton before debate	1
Trump insists election rigged , calls for drug test for him , Clinton before debate	Trump insists election rigged, calls for drug test for him, Clinton before debate.	1
Trump insists election rigged , calls for drug test for him , Clinton before debate	Donald Trump insists election is rigged, calls for drug test for him, Clinton before debate	1
Trump insists election rigged , calls for drug test for him , Clinton before debate	Donald Trump insists election is rigged and calls for drug test for him, Clinton before debate.	1
How did Walmart get cleaner stores and higher sales ?	How did Walmart get cleaner stores and higher sales?	1
VC firm Daphni announces its first $165 million fund	VC firm Daphni announces first $165M fund	1
How video games are changing the way soccer is played	How video games are changing the way soccer is played.	1
New climate deal will reduce use of chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators .	New Climate Deal Will Reduce Use of Chemical Used in Air-conditioners and Refrigerators	1
New climate deal will reduce use of chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators .	The New Climate Deal will reduce the use of chemicals in air-conditioners and refrigerators.	1
New climate deal will reduce use of chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators .	New Climate Deal will reduce use of chemical in air-conditioners and refrigerators.	1
New climate deal will reduce use of chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators .	The New Climate Deal will reduce the use of chemical in air-conditioners and refrigerators.	1
New climate deal will reduce use of chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators .	New Climate Deal Will Reduce Chemical Used in Air-Conditioners and Refrigerators	1
New climate deal will reduce use of chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators .	New climate deal will reduce use of chemical in air-conditioners and refrigerators.	1
New climate deal will reduce use of chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators .	New climate deal will reduce use of chemical in air-conditioners and refrigerators	1
New climate deal will reduce use of chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators .	New climate deal will reduce the use of chemical in air-conditioners and refrigerators	1
New climate deal will reduce use of chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators .	New Climate Deal Will Reduc Use of Chemical Used in Air-Conditioners and Refrigerators	1
New climate deal will reduce use of chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators .	New Climate Deal Will Reduce Use of Chemical Used in Air Conditioners and Refrigerators.	1
New climate deal will reduce use of chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators .	New Climate Deal Will Reduce Use of Chemical Used in Air-conditioners and Refrigerators.	1
New climate deal will reduce use of chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators .	New climate deal will reduce the use of chemical in air-conditioners and refrigerators.	1
New climate deal will reduce use of chemical used in air-conditioners and refrigerators .	New Climate Deal Reduces Use of Chemical Used in Air-Conditioners and Refrigerators	1
Trump refusal to accept government assessments on Russian hacks dismays former officials	Trump refusal to accept government assessments on Russian hacks dismays former officials.	1
Trump refusal to accept government assessments on Russian hacks dismays former officials	Trump's refusal to accept government assessments on Russian hacks dismays former officials	1
Trump refusal to accept government assessments on Russian hacks dismays former officials	Trumps refusal to accept government assessments on Russian hacks dismays former officials	1
Big GOP donors want party to cut ties with Trump after women said he made inappropriate sexual advances toward them	Those big GOP donors want the party to cut ties with Donald Trump after women said he made inappropriate sexual advances toward them.	1
Hanging in chains . Sleep deprivation and water dousing . Salim is still haunted by the torture he endured .	Hanging in chains, Sleep deprivation and water dousing. Salim still haunts by torture he endured.	1
Hanging in chains . Sleep deprivation and water dousing . Salim is still haunted by the torture he endured .	Hanging in chains, water dousing and sleep deprivation Salim is still haunted by the torture he endured.	1
Poll finds Clinton and Trump tied in Utah as a potential spoiler surges	Poll finds Clinton and Trump tied in Utah as potential spoiler surges	1
The new blue and red Educational split is replacing the culture war	New Blue and Red Educational Divide Replaces the Culture War	1
The new blue and red Educational split is replacing the culture war	A new blue and red educational split is replacing the culture war	1
hope you're not undecided about me , bae	hope you're not undecided about me, bae	1
hope you're not undecided about me , bae	I hope you're not undecided about me, bae	1
hope you're not undecided about me , bae	Hope you're not undecided about me, bae	1
The photographer @bdentonphoto documented the first day of the advance toward Mosul .	The photographer @bdentonphoto captured the first day of the advance toward Mosul.	1
The photographer @bdentonphoto documented the first day of the advance toward Mosul .	The photographer @bdentonphoto documented the first day of the advance towards Mosul.	1
The photographer @bdentonphoto documented the first day of the advance toward Mosul .	The #bdentonphoto photographer documented the first day of the advance towards Mosul.	1
The photographer @bdentonphoto documented the first day of the advance toward Mosul .	The photographer @bdentonphoto documented the first day of the advance toward Mosul.	1
The photographer @bdentonphoto documented the first day of the advance toward Mosul .	The photographer @bdentonphoto captured the first day of the advance to Mosul.	1
The photographer @bdentonphoto documented the first day of the advance toward Mosul .	The @bdentonphoto photographer documented the first day of the advance toward Mosul.	1
The photographer @bdentonphoto documented the first day of the advance toward Mosul .	The photographer bdentonphoto documented the first day of the advance towards Mosul.	1
The photographer @bdentonphoto documented the first day of the advance toward Mosul .	The photographer @bdentonphoto captured the first day of the advance towards Mosul.	1
The photographer @bdentonphoto documented the first day of the advance toward Mosul .	The photographer bdentonphoto captured the first day of the advance toward Mosul.	1
Every day , more than 1,300 elderly people go missing in China	Every day, more than 1,300 elderly people go missing in China	1
Every day , more than 1,300 elderly people go missing in China	Everyday, more than 1,300 elderly people go missing in China	1
Every day , more than 1,300 elderly people go missing in China	Every day, more than 1,300 elderly people go missing in China.	1
Every day , more than 1,300 elderly people go missing in China	More than 1,300 elderly people go missing in China every day	1
Every day , more than 1,300 elderly people go missing in China	Every day, over 1,300 elderly people go missing in China	1
Every day , more than 1,300 elderly people go missing in China	More than 1,300 elderly people go missing in China every day.	1
Every day , more than 1,300 elderly people go missing in China	Each day, more than 1,300 elderly people go missing in China	1
Every day , more than 1,300 elderly people go missing in China	Over 1,300 elderly people go missing in China every day	1
Every day , more than 1,300 elderly people go missing in China	Every day, over 1,300 elderly people go missing in China.	1
Of course she WAS there ! Have these people NO SHAME ?	Of course she WAS there! Have these people NO SHAME?	1
Of course she WAS there ! Have these people NO SHAME ?	Of Course She WAS There, Have These People NO SHAME?	1
Of course she WAS there ! Have these people NO SHAME ?	Of course she was there! These people have NO SHAME?	1
Of course she WAS there ! Have these people NO SHAME ?	Of course she was there! Have these people NO SHAME?	1
This French Instagram profile is not what you think it is	French Instagram Profile Is Not What You Think It Is	1
This French Instagram profile is not what you think it is	French Instagram profile is not what you think it is.	1
There are 10 times more galaxies in our universe than we'd estimated , @NASA says	There are 10 times more galaxies in our Universe than we'd estimated @nasa	1
There are 10 times more galaxies in our universe than we'd estimated , @NASA says	There are 10 times more galaxies in our universe than we'd estimated @NASA	1
There are 10 times more galaxies in our universe than we'd estimated , @NASA says	There are 10 times more galaxies in our universe than we'd estimated @nasa	1
There are 10 times more galaxies in our universe than we'd estimated , @NASA says	There are 10x more galaxies in our universe than we'd estimated @Nasa says	1
Microsoft made speech recognition software that's as accurate as humans	Microsoft made speech recognition software as accurate as humans.	1
Microsoft made speech recognition software that's as accurate as humans	Microsoft makes speech recognition software thats as accurate as humans.	1
Microsoft made speech recognition software that's as accurate as humans	Microsoft's new speech recognition software is as accurate as humans	1
Microsoft made speech recognition software that's as accurate as humans	Microsoft makes speech recognition software as accurate as humans.	1
LGBT " means something very different to an American Hate Preacher . But why is this still legal ?	LGBT " means something very different to an American Hate Preacher. But Why Is This Still Legal?	1
LGBT " means something very different to an American Hate Preacher . But why is this still legal ?	LGBT'Means Something Very Different to an American Hate Preacher. But Why Is This Still Legal?	1
LGBT " means something very different to an American Hate Preacher . But why is this still legal ?	LGBT'means something very different to an American Hate Preacher. But Why Is This Still Legal?	1
LGBT " means something very different to an American Hate Preacher . But why is this still legal ?	LGBT'means something very different to an American Hate Preacher. But why is this still legal?	1
John McCain's decision to break with Donald Trump prompted some Arizona voters to break with him	McCain's decision to break with Trump prompted some Arizona voters to break with him	1
John McCain's decision to break with Donald Trump prompted some Arizona voters to break with him	McCains Decision to Break With Trump prompted some Arizona Voters to Break With Him	1
John McCain's decision to break with Donald Trump prompted some Arizona voters to break with him	John McCain's decision to break with Trump prompted some Arizona voters to break with him	1
John McCain's decision to break with Donald Trump prompted some Arizona voters to break with him	McCain's decision to break up with Trump prompted some AZ voters to break with him	1
John McCain's decision to break with Donald Trump prompted some Arizona voters to break with him	McCain's decision to break with Trump prompted some Arizona voters to break with him.	1
John McCain's decision to break with Donald Trump prompted some Arizona voters to break with him	McCains decision to break with Trump prompted some Arizona voters to break with him	1
Trump said that the women accusing him of improper sexual advances were liars . He also called them unattractive .	Donald Trump, in a statement, said that the women who criticized him for improper sexual advances were liars and unattractive.	1
Trump said that the women accusing him of improper sexual advances were liars . He also called them unattractive .	Trump said that women accusing him of improper sexual advances were liars and unattractive.	1
Trump said that the women accusing him of improper sexual advances were liars . He also called them unattractive .	Trump says that the women accusing him of improper sexual advances are liars. He also called them unattractive.	1
Samsung has permanently halted production and sales of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone .	Samsung has permanently halted the production and sales of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone.	1
Samsung has permanently halted production and sales of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone .	Samsung has halted the production and sales of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone permanently.	1
Samsung has permanently halted production and sales of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone .	Samsung permanently halted the sales and production of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone.	1
Samsung has permanently halted production and sales of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone .	Samsung announced that it would permanently halt production and sales of the Galaxy Note 7 smartphone.	1
Samsung has permanently halted production and sales of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone .	Samsung will permanently discontinue sales and production of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone.	1
Samsung has permanently halted production and sales of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone .	Samsung has halted production and sales of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone permanently.	1
Samsung has permanently halted production and sales of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone .	Samsung has permanently halted production and sales of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone.	1
Samsung has permanently halted production and sales of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone .	Samsung permanently halted production and sales of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone.	1
Samsung has permanently halted production and sales of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone .	Samsung halted production and sales of its Galaxy Note 7 smartphone permanently.	1
FOX NEWS POLL Clinton leads Trump by 7 points	FOX NEWS POLL Hillary Clinton leads Trump by 7 points	1
FOX NEWS POLL Clinton leads Trump by 7 points	FOX NEWS POLL Clinton leads Trump by 7	1
FOX NEWS POLL Clinton leads Trump by 7 points	FOX News POLL Clinton leads Trump by 7	1
FOX NEWS POLL Clinton leads Trump by 7 points	Fox News Poll Clinton Leads Trump by 7 Points --	1
FOX NEWS POLL Clinton leads Trump by 7 points	Fox News Poll Clinton leads Trump by 7	1
FOX NEWS POLL Clinton leads Trump by 7 points	FOX News Poll Clinton leads Trump by 7	1
You can pry this Galaxy Note7 from my cold , possibly scorched hands	You can pry this #GalaxyNote7 from my cold, possibly scorched hands.	1
You can pry this Galaxy Note7 from my cold , possibly scorched hands	You can pry this Galaxy Note7 from my cold, possibly scorched hands	1
You can pry this Galaxy Note7 from my cold , possibly scorched hands	You can pry this Galaxy Note7 from my cold, possibly scorched hands.	1
China has experienced property booms before , but this one is particularly unstable	China has previously experienced property booms, but this one is particularly unstable	1
China has experienced property booms before , but this one is particularly unstable	China had experienced property booms before, but this one is particularly unstable	1
China has experienced property booms before , but this one is particularly unstable	China has experienced property booms before, but this one is particularly unstable	1
China has experienced property booms before , but this one is particularly unstable	China has experienced property booms before, but this one is particularly unstable.	1
In Sunday's debate , Hillary Clinton showed grace and poise throughout a disgusting ordeal	In Sunday debate, Clinton showed grace and poise throughout a disgusting ordeal	1
New FBI docs show ' bribe offer ' to agents in #HillaryClinton email probe	New FBI docs show 'bribe offer' to agents in #HillaryClinton email probe	1
New FBI docs show ' bribe offer ' to agents in #HillaryClinton email probe	New FBI Docs Show'Bribe Offer'to Agents In HillaryClinton Email Probe	1
@nytimes is facing the threat of a lawsuit over a recent @realDonaldTrump story	NYTimes is facing the threat of a lawsuit over a recent @realDonaldTrump story	1
We cannot let this dangerous vision of America take hold in anybodys heart .	We cannot let this dangerous America vision take hold in anyones heart.	1
We cannot let this dangerous vision of America take hold in anybodys heart .	We cannot let this dangerous vision of America take hold in anybodys heart.	1
We cannot let this dangerous vision of America take hold in anybodys heart .	We can not let this dangerous vision of America into anybodys heart.	1
Canada is not immune to right-wing extremism	Canada is not immune to right-wing extremism.	1
Canada is not immune to right-wing extremism	Canada Not Immune to Right-wing Extremism	1
Canada is not immune to right-wing extremism	Canada not immune to right-wing extremism	1
bans all Samsung Galaxy Note7 phones from airplanes	bans all #Samsung Galaxy Note7 phones from airplanes	1
breaks her silence about her father's vulgar comments	She breaks her silence about father's vulgar comments	1
Trump showed once again that this race is and has always been about his ego .	Trump showed once again that this race is and has always been about his ego.	1
Trump showed once again that this race is and has always been about his ego .	Trump Showed Again That This Race Is and Has Always Been About His Ego.	1
Trump showed once again that this race is and has always been about his ego .	Trump shows once again that this race is and has always been about his ego.	1
Trump showed once again that this race is and has always been about his ego .	Trump Showed Once Again That This Race Is and Has Always Been About His Ego	1
Trump showed once again that this race is and has always been about his ego .	Donald Trump Shows Again That This Race Is and Has Always Been About His Ego.	1
Trump showed once again that this race is and has always been about his ego .	Trump Shows Again That This Race Is and Has Always Been About His Ego	1
Trump showed once again that this race is and has always been about his ego .	Donald Trump proved once again that this race is and has always been about his ego.	1
Trump showed once again that this race is and has always been about his ego .	Trump shows again that this race is and has always been about his ego.	1
Trump showed once again that this race is and has always been about his ego .	Trump showed again that this race is and has always been about his ego.	1
Trump showed once again that this race is and has always been about his ego .	Donald Trump has demonstrated time and again that this race is and has always been about his ego.	1
Trump showed once again that this race is and has always been about his ego .	Donald Trump has shown that this race is and has always been about his ego.	1
Trump showed once again that this race is and has always been about his ego .	Trump has shown again and again that this race is and has always been about his ego.	1
Trump showed once again that this race is and has always been about his ego .	Trump Showed Again that This Race Is and Has Always Been About His Ego	1
Trump showed once again that this race is and has always been about his ego .	Donald Trump Shows Again That This Race Is and Has Always Been About His Ego	1
Trump showed once again that this race is and has always been about his ego .	Trump Showed Again That This Race Is and Has Always Been About His Ego	1
Trump showed once again that this race is and has always been about his ego .	Trump has shown once again that this race is and has always been about his ego.	1
How girls around the world are educated	How girls are educated around the world	1
How girls around the world are educated	How girls around the world are educated.	1
King Bhumibol Adulyadej took the throne shortly after World War II and held it for more than 70 years	King Bhumibol Adulyadej, king of King Bhumibol Adulyadej, took over the throne shortly after World War II and ruled it for more than 70 years.	1
King Bhumibol Adulyadej took the throne shortly after World War II and held it for more than 70 years	King Bhumibol Adulyadej was made the throne shortly after World War II and held it for more than 70 years.	1
King Bhumibol Adulyadej took the throne shortly after World War II and held it for more than 70 years	King Bhumibol Adulyadej took over the throne shortly after World War II and held it for more than 70 years	1
Billy Bush is officially out at NBC	Billy Bush Officially Departs NBC	1
Donald Trump is now in a tear-the-country-down rage	Donald Trump Is In A Tear-The-Country-down Rage	1
Trump calls for drug test before debate I don't know what's going on " with Clinton	Trump calls for drug test before debate " I don't know what's going on,'' Clinton says.	1
Trump calls for drug test before debate I don't know what's going on " with Clinton	Trump calls for drug test before debate: " I don't know what's going on" with Clinton	1
Trump calls for drug test before debate I don't know what's going on " with Clinton	Trump calls for drug test before debate " I don't know what's going on " with Clinton	1
Trump calls for drug test before debate I don't know what's going on " with Clinton	Trump calls for drug test before debate " I don't know what's going on'with Clinton.	1
Batman rescues kids and adults from creepy clowns	Batman: Saving Kids and Adults From Creepy Clowns	1
Batman rescues kids and adults from creepy clowns	Batman saves kids and adults from creepy clowns.	1
Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej " passed away peacefully , " palace says	Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej, " died peacefully, " palace says	1
Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej " passed away peacefully , " palace says	Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej'passed away peacefully, " palace says	1
Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej " passed away peacefully , " palace says	Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej'passes away peacefully " palace says	1
Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej " passed away peacefully , " palace says	Thai King Bhumibol Adulyadej passes away peacefully, palace says	1
In this ugly election year , leave it to Canada to remind us how great we are	In ugly election year, Leave It to Canada to Remind Us How Great We Are.	1
In this ugly election year , leave it to Canada to remind us how great we are	In this ugly election year, leave it to Canada to remind us how great we are	1
How Facebook helped drive a voter registration surge	How Facebook Helped Drive a Voter Registration Surge.	1
Mike Pence answers 11-year-old girl's body image question with pivot to terrorism	Mike Pence answers 11-year-old girl's body image question by pivot to terrorism	1
Italian PM Renzi hold joint news conference	Italy PM Renzi hold joint news conference	1
Italian PM Renzi hold joint news conference	Italian PM Renzi attends joint news conference	1
Italian PM Renzi hold joint news conference	Italian PM Renzi holds joint news conference Italy	1
Italian PM Renzi hold joint news conference	Italian PM Renzi held joint news conference	1
Italian PM Renzi hold joint news conference	Italy's pm Renzi and Italian prime minister Matteo Renzi hold joint news conference	1
Italian PM Renzi hold joint news conference	Italian pm Renzi holds joint news conference	1
Italian PM Renzi hold joint news conference	Italian PM Renzi holds joint news conference	1
Donald Trump vs . a free press	Donald Trump vs. A Free Press	1
Donald Trump vs . a free press	Trump vs a Free Press	1
Twitter's latest change demotes Moments for an ' Explore ' tab	Twitters latest change demotes Moments for an'Explore'tab	1
Twitter's latest change demotes Moments for an ' Explore ' tab	Twitter's latest change demotes Moments for an'Explore'tab	1
This is how much Instagram fashion bloggers get paid per post .	This is how much Instagram fashion bloggers get paid per post.	1
This is how much Instagram fashion bloggers get paid per post .	How Much Instagram Fashion Bloggers Get Paid per Post	1
This is how much Instagram fashion bloggers get paid per post .	How Much Instagram Fashion Bloggers Get Paid Per Post	1
This is how much Instagram fashion bloggers get paid per post .	How much Instagram fashion bloggers get paid per post	1
This is how much Instagram fashion bloggers get paid per post .	How much Instagram fashion bloggers get paid per post.	1
This is how much Instagram fashion bloggers get paid per post .	This is how much Instagram Fashion Bloggers get paid for the posts.	1
This is how much Instagram fashion bloggers get paid per post .	This is how much Instagram Fashion Bloggers get paid per post	1
This is how much Instagram fashion bloggers get paid per post .	How much Instagram Fashion Bloggers Get Paid per Post	1
This is how much Instagram fashion bloggers get paid per post .	Here's how much Instagram fashion bloggers get paid per post.	1
This is how much Instagram fashion bloggers get paid per post .	This is how much Instagram Fashion Bloggers get paid per post.	1
This is how much Instagram fashion bloggers get paid per post .	How Much Instagram Fashion Bloggers Get Paid Per Post.	1
Donald Trump has more than met his match in Michelle Obama , octopus slayer .	Donald Trump Has More Than Meet His Match in Michelle Obama, Octopus Slayer	1
Donald Trump has more than met his match in Michelle Obama , octopus slayer .	Trump has more than met his match in Michelle Obama, octopus slayer	1
Donald Trump has more than met his match in Michelle Obama , octopus slayer .	Donald Trump has more than met his match in Michelle Obama, octopus slayer	1
Donald Trump has more than met his match in Michelle Obama , octopus slayer .	Donald Trump has more than met his match in Michelle Obama, Octopus Slayer	1
Watch Michelle Obama's entire speech on Trump and women	Watch Michelle Obama's entire speech on Trump and women.	1
Watch Michelle Obama's entire speech on Trump and women	Watch Michelle Obamas Extensive Speech on Trump and Women	1
Watch Michelle Obama's entire speech on Trump and women	Watch Michelle Obamas entire speech on Trump and women	1
Watch our live interview with Turkish President Erdogan at 16:00 GMT here	Watch the live interview with Turkish President Erdogan at 16:00 GMT here	1
Watch our live interview with Turkish President Erdogan at 16:00 GMT here	Watch this live interview with Turkish President Erdogan at 16:00 GMT here	1
Watch our live interview with Turkish President Erdogan at 16:00 GMT here	Watch this live interview with Turkish President Erdogan at 16:00 GMT.	1
Watch our live interview with Turkish President Erdogan at 16:00 GMT here	Watch today's live interview with Turkish President Erdogan at 16:00 GMT	1
Watch our live interview with Turkish President Erdogan at 16:00 GMT here	Watch the live interview with Turkish President Erdogan at 16:00 GMT.	1
Watch our live interview with Turkish President Erdogan at 16:00 GMT here	Watch our live interview with Turkey's President Erdogan at 16:00 GMT here	1
Watch our live interview with Turkish President Erdogan at 16:00 GMT here	Watch a live interview with Turkish President Erdogan at 16:00 GMT.	1
Watch our live interview with Turkish President Erdogan at 16:00 GMT here	Watch a live interview with Turkish President Erdogan at 16:00 GMT	1
PlayStation VR is easily the winner in virtual reality right now	PlayStation VR is the winner in virtual reality right now!	1
George H.W. Bush will vote for Clinton , the 92-year-olds first-ever vote for a Democratic nominee .	George H.W. Bush will vote for Clinton, 92-year-olds first vote for a Democratic nominee	1
Trump's Twitter debate lead was ' swelled by bots	Trump's Twitter debate lead'swelled by bots	1
Trump's Twitter debate lead was ' swelled by bots	Donald Trump's Twitter debate lead was'swelled by bots	1
Why is The Tape a breaking point for Republicans , when earlier incidents werent ?	Why Is The Tape a Breaking Point for Republicans, when earlier incidents werent	1
Why is The Tape a breaking point for Republicans , when earlier incidents werent ?	Why Is The Tape a Breaking Point for Republicans, When Earlier Incidents Were Not	1
Why is The Tape a breaking point for Republicans , when earlier incidents werent ?	Why is the tape a breaking point for Republicans, when earlier incidents werent?	1
Why is The Tape a breaking point for Republicans , when earlier incidents werent ?	Why is the tape a breaking point for Republicans, when earlier incidents werent	1
Why is The Tape a breaking point for Republicans , when earlier incidents werent ?	Why Is The Tape a Breaking Point for Republicans, When Prior Incidents Were Not?	1
Why is The Tape a breaking point for Republicans , when earlier incidents werent ?	Why is tape a breaking point for Republicans, when earlier incidents werent?	1
Why is The Tape a breaking point for Republicans , when earlier incidents werent ?	Why Is The Tape a Breaking Point for Republicans, when Previous Incidents Were Not?	1
Why is The Tape a breaking point for Republicans , when earlier incidents werent ?	Why is The Tape a Breaking Point for Republicans, when earlier incidents werent?	1
Why is The Tape a breaking point for Republicans , when earlier incidents werent ?	Why is The Tape a Breaking Point for Republicans, when Previous Incidents Were Not?	1
Why is The Tape a breaking point for Republicans , when earlier incidents werent ?	Why Is The Tape a Breaking Point for Republicans, when Earlier Incidents Were Not	1
Why is The Tape a breaking point for Republicans , when earlier incidents werent ?	Why Is The Tape a Breaking Point for Republicans, When Previous Incidents Were Not So	1
Why is The Tape a breaking point for Republicans , when earlier incidents werent ?	Why Is The Tape a Breaking Point for Republicans, when Prior Incidents Were Not?	1
Why is The Tape a breaking point for Republicans , when earlier incidents werent ?	Why Is The Tape a Breaking Point for Republicans, When Prior Incidents Were Not	1
Why is The Tape a breaking point for Republicans , when earlier incidents werent ?	Why is The Tape a Breaking Point for Republicans, When Previous Incidents Were Not?	1
Why is The Tape a breaking point for Republicans , when earlier incidents werent ?	Why Is The Tape a Breaking Point for Republicans, When Previous Incidents Were Not	1
Why is The Tape a breaking point for Republicans , when earlier incidents werent ?	Why Is The Tape a Breaking Point for Republicans, When Previous Incidents Were Not?	1
Before the Great Clown Scare of 2016 , there were the hysterias of 1991 , 1985 and 1981	Prior to the 2016 Great Clown Scare, there were the hysterias of 1991, 1985 and 1981.	1
Before the Great Clown Scare of 2016 , there were the hysterias of 1991 , 1985 and 1981	Before the Great Clown Scare of 2016, there were the hysterias of 1981, 1985 and 1991.	1
Before the Great Clown Scare of 2016 , there were the hysterias of 1991 , 1985 and 1981	Before the Great Clown Scare of 2016, there were the hysterias of 1991, 1985 and 1981.	1
Before the Great Clown Scare of 2016 , there were the hysterias of 1991 , 1985 and 1981	Before the Great Clown Scare of 2016, there were the hysterias of 1991, 1985, and 1981.	1
Before the Great Clown Scare of 2016 , there were the hysterias of 1991 , 1985 and 1981	Before the Great Clown Scare of 2016, there were the hysterias of 1981, 1985 and 1991	1
Before the Great Clown Scare of 2016 , there were the hysterias of 1991 , 1985 and 1981	Before the Great Clown Scare of 2016, there were the hysterias of 1991, 1985 and 1981	1
In Saudi Arabia , even milk depends on oil	Saudi Arabia: Even Milk Depends on Oil	1
Threat to jail Hillary Clinton smacks of " tin-pot dictators , " experts say	Threat to Jail Hillary Clinton Smacks of Tin-Pot Dictators, Experts Say	1
Trump tensions with party causing headaches down ballot	Trump tensions with the party causing headaches down ballot	1
Melania Trump breaks her media silence in two interviews after the Billy Bush tape , w @AshleyRParker	Melania Trump breaks her media silence in two interviews after the Billy Bush tape, w/AshleyRParker	1
Coke and Pepsi have given millions to public health groups while simultaneously lobbying against soda legislations	Coke and Pepsi give millions to public health groups while simultaneously lobbying against soda laws.	1
The demographics of handgun ownership in the U.S.	The demographics of handgun ownership in the United States	1
The demographics of handgun ownership in the U.S.	The demographics of handgun ownership in the US	1
The demographics of handgun ownership in the U.S.	The demographics of handgun ownership in the US.	1
This man is a paid on-air talking head for CNN	This man is a paid on-air talking head for CNN!	1
This man is a paid on-air talking head for CNN	This man is a paid on-air talking head for CNN.	1
FBI , DOJ roiled by Comey , Lynch decision to let Clinton slide by on emails , says insider	FBI, DOJ roiled by Comey, Lynch decision to let Clinton slide on emails, says insider.	1
FBI , DOJ roiled by Comey , Lynch decision to let Clinton slide by on emails , says insider	FBI, DOJ roiled by Comey, Lynch decision to let Clinton slide by on emails, says insider	1
Letter warned Wells Fargo of " widespread " fraud in 2007	Letter Alerted Wells Fargo of 'Massive'Fraud in 2007	1
Letter warned Wells Fargo of " widespread " fraud in 2007	Letter alerted Wells Fargo of'widespread'fraud in 2007	1
Letter warned Wells Fargo of " widespread " fraud in 2007	Letter warns Wells Fargo of " widespread " fraud in 2007.	1
Letter warned Wells Fargo of " widespread " fraud in 2007	Letter warned Wells Fargo of'widespread'fraud in 2007	1
Letter warned Wells Fargo of " widespread " fraud in 2007	Letter alerted Wells Fargo to widespread fraud in 2007	1
Letter warned Wells Fargo of " widespread " fraud in 2007	Letter advised Wells Fargo of'widespread'fraud in 2007	1
Letter warned Wells Fargo of " widespread " fraud in 2007	Letter warns Wells Fargo of " widespread " fraud in 2007	1
Letter warned Wells Fargo of " widespread " fraud in 2007	Letter warned Wells Fargo of'widespread'fraud in 2007.	1
Letter warned Wells Fargo of " widespread " fraud in 2007	Letter warned Wells Fargo of " widespread " fraud in 2007.	1
2 men charged with hate crimes in attack against Sikh man in which they used a knife to cut his hair , officials said	2 Men Charged with Hate Crimes in Attack on Sikh Man In Which They Used a Knife to Cut His Hair, Officials Say	1
Louis Stettner , Who Photographed the Everyday New York and Paris , Dies at 93	Louis Stettner, Photographer Who Shot Everyday New York and Paris, Dies at 93	1
Louis Stettner , Who Photographed the Everyday New York and Paris , Dies at 93	Louis Stettner, Photographer Behind Everyday New York and Paris, Dies at 93	1
Louis Stettner , Who Photographed the Everyday New York and Paris , Dies at 93	Louis Stettner, Photographer of Everyday New York and Paris, Dies at 93	1
Louis Stettner , Who Photographed the Everyday New York and Paris , Dies at 93	Louis Stettner, Photographer of Everyday New York, Paris, Dies at 93	1
Louis Stettner , Who Photographed the Everyday New York and Paris , Dies at 93	Louis Stettner, Photographer Behind Everyday New York and Paris, Dies at 93.	1
Nominate your choice for VC of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for #VC of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	1
Nominate your choice for VC of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for the VC of the Year at The 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	1
Nominate your choice for VC of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for VC of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards.	1
Nominate your choice for VC of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for VC of the Year at the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	1
Nominate your choice for VC of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for VC of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards!	1
Hurricane Matthew's wrath is finally over , but its devastation keeps growing	Hurricane Matthew's wrath finally over, but its devastation keeps growing	1
A trip to the Toronto suburbs for excellent , cheap Chinese food	Trip to Toronto Suburbs for Excellent, Cheap Chinese Food.	1
A trip to the Toronto suburbs for excellent , cheap Chinese food	A trip to the Toronto suburbs for excellent, cheap Chinese food	1
A trip to the Toronto suburbs for excellent , cheap Chinese food	A trip to Toronto's suburbs for great, cheap Chinese food	1
Brryan Jackson was an infant when his father injected him with HIV-infected blood .	Brryan Jackson was an infant when his father injected him with HIV-infected blood.	1
Brryan Jackson was an infant when his father injected him with HIV-infected blood .	Brryan Jackson was an infant when his father injected HIV-infected blood to him.	1
Germany calls for a ban on combustion engine cars by 2030	Germany wants to ban combustion engine cars by 2030	1
Germany calls for a ban on combustion engine cars by 2030	Germany is campaigning for a ban on combustion engine cars by 2030	1
Germany calls for a ban on combustion engine cars by 2030	Germany wants ban on combustion engine cars by 2030	1
Germany calls for a ban on combustion engine cars by 2030	Call for ban on combustion engine cars by 2030 Germany calls for ban on combustion engine cars	1
Germany calls for a ban on combustion engine cars by 2030	Germany calls for ban on combustion engine cars by 2030	1
Donald Trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .	Trump has one constant belief: women are not equal to him.	1
Donald Trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .	Donald Trump has one unwavering belief that women are not his equal.	1
Donald Trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .	Trump has one unwavering belief that women are not his equal.	1
Donald Trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .	Donald Trump has one unwavering belief : Women are not his equal.	1
Donald Trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .	Trump has one unwavering belief, women are not his equal.	1
Donald Trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .	Donald Trump has one unwavering belief: that women are not his equal	1
Donald Trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .	Trump has one unwavering belief, that women are not his equal.	1
Donald Trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .	Trump has one unwavering belief. Women are not his equal.	1
Donald Trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .	Donald Trump has one unwavering belief: women are not his equal	1
Donald Trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .	Donald Trump has one unwavering belief, that women are not his equal.	1
Donald Trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .	Donald Trump has one unwavering belief. Women are not his equal	1
Donald Trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .	Donald Trump is an unremitting believer in the fact that women are not his equal	1
Donald Trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .	Donald Trump has one unwavering belief that women are not his equal	1
Donald Trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .	Donald Trump has one unflinching belief: women are not his equal	1
Donald Trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .	Donald Trump has one unwavering belief, women are not his equal	1
Donald Trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .	Donald Trump has one unwavering belief: that women are not his equal.	1
Donald Trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .	Donald Trump Has One Unwavering Credo: Women Are Not His Equal	1
Donald Trump has one unwavering belief women are not his equal .	Donald Trump has one unwavering belief, women are not his equal.	1
Why dogs love to roll around in things that smell repulsive	Why dogs love to roll around in things that smell repulsive.	1
Why dogs love to roll around in things that smell repulsive	Why dogs love to roll around in things that smell disgusting.	1
Highlights from the Clinton campaign emails How to deal with Sanders and Biden	highlights from the Clinton campaign emails How to deal with Sanders and Biden.	1
Highlights from the Clinton campaign emails How to deal with Sanders and Biden	Highlights from Clinton campaign emails How to deal with Sanders and Biden	1
As Trump insults Jessica Leeds , read the interview she did with NPR today	As Trump Insults Jessica Leeds, Read the Interview She Did With NPR Today	1
As Trump insults Jessica Leeds , read the interview she did with NPR today	As Trump Insults Jessica Leeds, Read Interview She Did With NPR Today	1
Cards Against Humanity , the " party game for horrible people , " lives up to its motto	Cards Against Humanity, the Party Game for Horrible People, Lives Up to Its Motto	1
Cards Against Humanity , the " party game for horrible people , " lives up to its motto	Cards Against Humanity, the  party game for horrible people,'' lives up to its motto	1
Cards Against Humanity , the " party game for horrible people , " lives up to its motto	Cards Against Humanity, the " party game for horrible people, " lives up to its motto	1
Cards Against Humanity , the " party game for horrible people , " lives up to its motto	Cards Against Humanity, the #party game for horrible people, lives up to its motto	1
Cards Against Humanity , the " party game for horrible people , " lives up to its motto	Cards Against Humanity, the party game for horrible people, lives up to its motto	1
Cards Against Humanity , the " party game for horrible people , " lives up to its motto	Card Against Humanity, the party game for horrible people, lives up to its motto	1
Cards Against Humanity , the " party game for horrible people , " lives up to its motto	Cards Against Humanity, a Party Game for Hostile People, Lives Up to Its Motto	1
Cards Against Humanity , the " party game for horrible people , " lives up to its motto	Cards Against Humanity, the'party game for horrible people'lives up to its motto	1
Cards Against Humanity , the " party game for horrible people , " lives up to its motto	Cards Against Humanity, the " party game for horrible people,'lives up to its motto	1
Cards Against Humanity , the " party game for horrible people , " lives up to its motto	Cards Against Humanity, the'party game for horrible people,' live up to its motto	1
Cards Against Humanity , the " party game for horrible people , " lives up to its motto	Cards Against Humanity, the  party game for horrible people '' lives up to its motto	1
Cards Against Humanity , the " party game for horrible people , " lives up to its motto	Cards Against Humanity, the'party game for horrible people,' lives up to its motto.	1
Cards Against Humanity , the " party game for horrible people , " lives up to its motto	Cards Against Humanity, the party game for horrible people' lives up to its motto	1
Cards Against Humanity , the " party game for horrible people , " lives up to its motto	Cards Against Humanity, the " party game for horrible people, lives up to its motto	1
Cards Against Humanity , the " party game for horrible people , " lives up to its motto	Cards Against Humanity, the " party game for horrible people, " lives up to its motto.	1
In its VR/AR push , Twitter trolls itself	In its VR/AR push, Twitter trolls itself	1
In its VR/AR push , Twitter trolls itself	in its VR/AR push, Twitter trolls itself.	1
5 reasons not to worry about a rigged election from @titonka	5 Reasons Not to Worry About a Rigged Election by @Titonka	1
5 reasons not to worry about a rigged election from @titonka	5 Reasons Not to Worry About a Rigged Election by @TitonKa.	1
Samsung ends production of the Galaxy Note 7 for good	Samsung discontinues production of the Galaxy Note 7 for good	1
Oskar Eustis helped create " Hamilton . But alongside that triumph came personal tragedy .	Oskar Eustis helped create Hamilton. But alongside this triumph came personal tragedy.	1
Oskar Eustis helped create " Hamilton . But alongside that triumph came personal tragedy .	Oskar Eustis Helped Create Hamilton. But Alongside That Triumph Came Personal Tragedies.	1
Oskar Eustis helped create " Hamilton . But alongside that triumph came personal tragedy .	Oskar Eustis helped create Hamilton. But alongside that triumph came personal tragedy.	1
Oskar Eustis helped create " Hamilton . But alongside that triumph came personal tragedy .	Oskar Eustis helped create Hamilton " but alongside that triumph came personal tragedy.	1
Oskar Eustis helped create " Hamilton . But alongside that triumph came personal tragedy .	Oskar Eustis Became Hamilton's Contributor. But along with that Triumph came personal tragedy.	1
Oskar Eustis helped create " Hamilton . But alongside that triumph came personal tragedy .	Oskar Eustis helped create Hamilton, but alongside that triumph came personal tragedy.	1
Dow up 39 points Friday . Twitter falls 5% after Salesforce backs out as bidder .	Dow up 39 points Friday. Twitter falls 5% as Salesforce backs out as bidder	1
Dow up 39 points Friday . Twitter falls 5% after Salesforce backs out as bidder .	Dow up 39 points Friday. Twitter falls 5% as Salesforce backs out as bidder.	1
Dow up 39 points Friday . Twitter falls 5% after Salesforce backs out as bidder .	Dow up 39 points Friday, Twitter falls 5% after Salesforce backs out as bidder.	1
He's actually rubbing your face in his con job .	He's actually rubbing your face in his con job.	1
He's actually rubbing your face in his con job .	He is actually rubbing your face in his - Con job.	1
World Health Organization urged countries to implement a tax on sugary drinks to fight obesity	World Health Organization urges countries to introduce tax on sugary beverages to fight obesity	1
World Health Organization urged countries to implement a tax on sugary drinks to fight obesity	The World Health Organisation urges countries to pay taxes on sugary drinks to fight obesity.	1
In new allegation , woman says Donald Trump reached under her skirt and groped her in early 1990s	A New Allegation A Woman Says Donald Trump Reached Under Her Skirt and Groped Her in Early 1990s	1
Debate dredges up Clinton's defense of accused rapist , audio of her laughing at case	Debate dredges up Clinton's defense of accused rapist, audio of her laughing at case.	1
Debate dredges up Clinton's defense of accused rapist , audio of her laughing at case	Debate dredges up Clinton's defense of accused rapist, audio of her laughing at case	1
Along with " lock her up , " one of the chants at last night's Trump rally was " CNN sucks	Along With'Lock Her Up,'One of the Chants at Last Nights Trump Rally Was'CNN Sucks	1
Three women claim Trump touched them inappropriately in two new reports	Three women say Trump touched them inappropriately in two new reports	1
Three women claim Trump touched them inappropriately in two new reports	3 women claim Trump touched them inappropriately in two new reports	1
Three women claim Trump touched them inappropriately in two new reports	Three women claim Trump touched them inappropriately in 2 new reports	1
Three women claim Trump touched them inappropriately in two new reports	3 women say Trump touched them inappropriately in two new reports	1
Three women claim Trump touched them inappropriately in two new reports	Three women say Trump touched them inappropriately. In two new reports	1
Yemen sees U.S. strikes as evidence of hidden hand behind Saudi air war	Yemen regards U.S. strikes as proof of hidden hand behind Saudi air war	1
Yemen sees U.S. strikes as evidence of hidden hand behind Saudi air war	Yemen Sees U.S. Strikes as Evidence of Hidden Hand Behind Saudi Air War.	1
Yemen sees U.S. strikes as evidence of hidden hand behind Saudi air war	Yemen sees US strikes as proof of hidden hand behind Saudi air war.	1
Yemen sees U.S. strikes as evidence of hidden hand behind Saudi air war	Yemen sees U.S. strikes as evidence of hidden hand behind Saudi air war.	1
Three Kansas militia members charged with plotting to bomb apartment complex home to Somali immigrants	Three members of Kansas militia accused of plotting to bomb apartment complex home to Somali immigrants	1
Three Kansas militia members charged with plotting to bomb apartment complex home to Somali immigrants	Three Kansas militia members are charged with plotting to bomb an apartment complex home to Somali immigrants	1
Three Kansas militia members charged with plotting to bomb apartment complex home to Somali immigrants	3 Kansas Menacemen Charged With Plotting to Bomb Apartment Complex Home to Somali Immigrants	1
Three Kansas militia members charged with plotting to bomb apartment complex home to Somali immigrants	3 members of Kansas militia charged with plotting to bomb apartment complex home to Somali immigrants	1
Three Kansas militia members charged with plotting to bomb apartment complex home to Somali immigrants	Three members of Kansas militia charged with plotting to bomb apartment complex home to Somali immigrants	1
Three Kansas militia members charged with plotting to bomb apartment complex home to Somali immigrants	3 Kansas militia members charged with plotting to bomb apartment complex home to Somali immigrants	1
ISIS has been laying ideological groundwork to maintain its appeal as it suffers on the battlefield	ISIS has been laying ideological groundwork to maintain its appeal as it suffers on battlefield	1
ISIS has been laying ideological groundwork to maintain its appeal as it suffers on the battlefield	ISIS Has Been Laying Ideological Groundwork to Maintain Appeal as It Suffers on the Battlefield	1
An American warship fired missiles at Houthi rebel sites in retaliation for attacks on U.S. ships	An American warship has fired missiles at Houthi rebel sites in retaliation for attacks on U.S. ships	1
An American warship fired missiles at Houthi rebel sites in retaliation for attacks on U.S. ships	US warship fired missiles at Houthi rebel sites, in retaliation for attack on U.S. ships.	1
An American warship fired missiles at Houthi rebel sites in retaliation for attacks on U.S. ships	An American warship fired missiles at Houthi rebel sites in retaliation for U.S. ships attacking rebel sites	1
Clinton bashes Trump over Russia praise , but emails show she praised Putin	Clinton bashes Trump over Russia praise, but emails show she praised Putin	1
Clinton bashes Trump over Russia praise , but emails show she praised Putin	Clinton bashes Trump on Russia praise, but emails show she praised Putin	1
Clinton bashes Trump over Russia praise , but emails show she praised Putin	Clinton bashes Trump over Russia praise, emails show she praised Putin	1
Clinton bashes Trump over Russia praise , but emails show she praised Putin	Hillary Clinton bashes Trump over Russia praise, but emails show she praised Putin	1
Clinton bashes Trump over Russia praise , but emails show she praised Putin	Hillary Clinton bashes Trump over Russia praise, but emails show she praised Putin.	1
Clinton bashes Trump over Russia praise , but emails show she praised Putin	Hillary Clinton bashes Trump over Russia praise, emails show she praised Putin.	1
Salesforce rules out a bid for Twitter , saying it's not the ' right fit	Salesforce rules out a bid for Twitter, saying it's not the right fit	1
Two new polls show Hillary Clinton leading Donald Trump	Two New Polls Show Clinton Leading Donald Trump	1
The risk of sexual harassment/assault is a ' special tax ' one that only women have to pay .	The risk of sexual harassment/assault is a'special tax'that only women have to pay.	1
The risk of sexual harassment/assault is a ' special tax ' one that only women have to pay .	The risk of sexual harassment/assault is a  special tax '' one that only women have to pay.	1
The risk of sexual harassment/assault is a ' special tax ' one that only women have to pay .	The risk of sexual harassment and assault is a'special tax'one which only women pay.	1
The risk of sexual harassment/assault is a ' special tax ' one that only women have to pay .	The risk of sexual harassment/assault is a'special tax'one that only women pay.	1
The risk of sexual harassment/assault is a ' special tax ' one that only women have to pay .	The risk of sexual harassment/ assault is a  special tax '' that only women have to pay.	1
The risk of sexual harassment/assault is a ' special tax ' one that only women have to pay .	The risk of sexual harassment/assault is a'special tax'that only women pay.	1
while i'm skeptical that anything like this really happens , look at what Trump has wrought .	While I'm skeptical that anything like this really happens, look at what Trump has wrought.	1
while i'm skeptical that anything like this really happens , look at what Trump has wrought .	While i'm skeptical that anything like this really happens, look at what Trump has wrought.	1
while i'm skeptical that anything like this really happens , look at what Trump has wrought .	While i'm skeptical that anything like this really happens, look at what Trump has wrought	1
while i'm skeptical that anything like this really happens , look at what Trump has wrought .	While i'm skeptical that anything like this really happens, look at what Donald Trump has wrought.	1
while i'm skeptical that anything like this really happens , look at what Trump has wrought .	While skeptical that something like this really happens, look at what Trump has wrought.	1
while i'm skeptical that anything like this really happens , look at what Trump has wrought .	while i'm skeptical that anything like this really happens, look at what Trump has done	1
while i'm skeptical that anything like this really happens , look at what Trump has wrought .	While I'm skeptical that anything like this really happens, look at what Trump has wrought	1
Donald Trump may again make Bill Clintons past a centerpiece of his case against Hillary Clinton in the debate	Donald Trump could repeat Bill Clintons past as a centerpiece of his case against Hillary Clinton in the debate	1
Donald Trump may again make Bill Clintons past a centerpiece of his case against Hillary Clinton in the debate	Donald Trump may again make Bill Clintons past a centerpiece of his case against Clinton in the debate	1
The Atlantic names Jeffrey Goldberg its editor in chief	The Atlantic names Jeffrey Goldberg Editor in Chief	1
Is your area down to one insurer next year ? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story	Is your neighborhood down to one insurer next year? AP reporter ralonso-zaldivar@ap.org wants your story	1
This is not a lawsuit . This is complaining under letterhead .	This is not a lawsuit. This is complaint under letterhead.	1
This is not a lawsuit . This is complaining under letterhead .	This is not a lawsuit. This is a complaint under letterhead.	1
This is not a lawsuit . This is complaining under letterhead .	This is not a lawsuit. It is a complaint under letterhead.	1
This is not a lawsuit . This is complaining under letterhead .	This is not a lawsuit. This is complaints under letterhead.	1
This is not a lawsuit . This is complaining under letterhead .	This is not a lawsuit, this is a complaint under letterhead.	1
A former Miss USA contestant says Trump inspected each woman before the pageant	Former Miss USA contestant says Trump inspected each woman before the contest	1
A former Miss USA contestant says Trump inspected each woman before the pageant	A former Miss USA contestant said Donald Trump inspected each woman prior to the contest.	1
A former Miss USA contestant says Trump inspected each woman before the pageant	A former Miss USA contestant says Trump inspected each woman prior to the pageant.	1
A former Miss USA contestant says Trump inspected each woman before the pageant	A former Miss USA contestant says Donald Trump inspected each woman prior to the contest.	1
A former Miss USA contestant says Trump inspected each woman before the pageant	A former Miss USA contestant says Trump inspected each woman before the pageant.	1
A former Miss USA contestant says Trump inspected each woman before the pageant	A former Miss USA contestant says Trump inspected each woman before the contest to be held	1
A former Miss USA contestant says Trump inspected each woman before the pageant	A former Miss USA contestant says Donald Trump inspected each woman before the contest.	1
He did something accidentally that ancient explorers only dreamed of	He did something unintentional that ancient explorers only dreamed of	1
He did something accidentally that ancient explorers only dreamed of	He did it accidentally, and the ancient explorers only dreamed of	1
He did something accidentally that ancient explorers only dreamed of	He did something unwittingly that ancient explorers only dreamed of	1
He did something accidentally that ancient explorers only dreamed of	He did it accidentally. The ancient explorers only dreamed of	1
This is not normal . This is not politics as usual . This is disgraceful .	This is unacceptable. This is not normal. This is not politics as usual. This is disgraceful.	1
This is not normal . This is not politics as usual . This is disgraceful .	This is not normal, this is not politics as usual. This is shameful.	1
This is not normal . This is not politics as usual . This is disgraceful .	This is not normal. This is not politics as usual. This is disgraceful.	1
This is not normal . This is not politics as usual . This is disgraceful .	This is not normal. This is not politics as usual. This is dishonest.	1
This is not normal . This is not politics as usual . This is disgraceful .	This is not normal, this is not politics as usual, this is disgraceful.	1
This is not normal . This is not politics as usual . This is disgraceful .	It is not normal, this is not politics as usual. It is disgraceful.	1
This is not normal . This is not politics as usual . This is disgraceful .	This is not normal, this is not politics as usual. This is disgraceful.	1
This is not normal . This is not politics as usual . This is disgraceful .	This is not normal, this is not politics as usual, this is dishonest.	1
This is not normal . This is not politics as usual . This is disgraceful .	This is not normal. This is not politics as usual. This is shameful.	1
This is not normal . This is not politics as usual . This is disgraceful .	This is not normal. This is not politics as usual. This is disgusting.	1
This is not normal . This is not politics as usual . This is disgraceful .	This is not normal, This is not politics as usual. This is disgraceful.	1
This is not normal . This is not politics as usual . This is disgraceful .	This is not normal, this is not politics as usual, this is scandalous.	1
This is not normal . This is not politics as usual . This is disgraceful .	This is not normal, This is not politics as usual, This is scandalous.	1
This is not normal . This is not politics as usual . This is disgraceful .	This is not normal, this is not politics as usual. This is scandalous.	1
This is not normal . This is not politics as usual . This is disgraceful .	This is not normal. This is not politics as usual. This is scandalous.	1
This is not normal . This is not politics as usual . This is disgraceful .	This is not normal, this is not politics as usual. This is dishonest.	1
This is not normal . This is not politics as usual . This is disgraceful .	This is not normal, this is not politics as usual, this is disgusting.	1
Americas favorite undecided voter left an NSFW comment trail on Reddit	America's favorite undecided voter left a NSFW comment trail on Reddit	1
Now that he's hit the big time , @KFILE has an alter ego on Stephen Colbert's show .	Now that he's hit the big time, @KFILE has an alter ego on Stephen Colbert's show	1
Now that he's hit the big time , @KFILE has an alter ego on Stephen Colbert's show .	Now that he's hit the big time, KFILE has an alter ego on Stephen Colbert's show.	1
Now that he's hit the big time , @KFILE has an alter ego on Stephen Colbert's show .	Now that he's hit the big time, @KFILE has an alter ego on Stephen Colbert's show.	1
Now that he's hit the big time , @KFILE has an alter ego on Stephen Colbert's show .	Now that he's hit the big time, #KFILE has an alter ego on Stephen Colbert's show.	1
Now that he's hit the big time , @KFILE has an alter ego on Stephen Colbert's show .	Now that hes hit the big time, @KFILE has an alter ego on Stephen Colberts show.	1
Now that he's hit the big time , @KFILE has an alter ego on Stephen Colbert's show .	Now that he hit the big time, @KFILE has an alter ego on Stephen Colbert's show.	1
Now that he's hit the big time , @KFILE has an alter ego on Stephen Colbert's show .	Now that he has the big time hit, @KFILE has an alter ego on Stephen Colbert's show.	1
Clinton campaigns in Miami with Al Gore We can rally the world to cut carbon pollution	Clinton campaign in Miami with Al Gore We can rally the world to cut carbon pollution	1
calls attack on North Carolina GOP office ' horrific and unacceptable	Calls Attack on North Carolina GOP Office'horrific and unacceptable	1
Chris Christie won't defend Donald Trump's comments , but he's sticking with him	Christie won't defend Trump's comments, but will stick with him	1
Rise of Saudi Prince Shatters Decades of Royal Tradition	The rise of the Saudi prince shatters decades of royal tradition.	1
Rise of Saudi Prince Shatters Decades of Royal Tradition	The rise of Saudi Prince Shatters Decades of Royal Tradition	1
Rise of Saudi Prince Shatters Decades of Royal Tradition	The rise of Saudi prince shatters Decades of royal tradition	1
Rise of Saudi Prince Shatters Decades of Royal Tradition	The Rise of Saudi Prince Shatters Decades of Royal Tradition	1
Rise of Saudi Prince Shatters Decades of Royal Tradition	The Rise of a Saudi Prince Breaks Decades of Royal Tradition	1
Rise of Saudi Prince Shatters Decades of Royal Tradition	The Rise of the Saudi Prince Shatters Decades of Royal Tradition	1
Rise of Saudi Prince Shatters Decades of Royal Tradition	The rise of a Saudi prince shatters decades of royal tradition	1
Iran deploys warships off Yemen after US , Houthis trade fire	Iran deploys warships off Yemen after US, Houthis trade fire.	1
Instagram is adding Stories to another section of its app	Instagram is adding Stories to another part of its app	1
Instagram is adding Stories to another section of its app	Instagram is adding Stories to one of its apps	1
Putin cancels visit to France , Kremlin source says , after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes .	Putin cancels France visit, Kremlin source says, after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes	1
Putin cancels visit to France , Kremlin source says , after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes .	Putin cancels France trip, Kremlin source says, after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes	1
Putin cancels visit to France , Kremlin source says , after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes .	Russia: Putin cancels visit to France, Kremlin source says, after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes	1
Putin cancels visit to France , Kremlin source says , after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes .	Putin cancels France tour, Kremlin source says, as French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes.	1
Putin cancels visit to France , Kremlin source says , after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes .	Putin cancels France trip, Kremlin source says, after French president suggests Russia guilty of war crimes	1
Putin cancels visit to France , Kremlin source says , after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes .	Putin cancels Paris visit, Kremlin source says, after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes	1
Putin cancels visit to France , Kremlin source says , after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes .	Putin cancels France tour, Kremlin source says, after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes	1
Putin cancels visit to France , Kremlin source says , after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes .	Putin cancels France trip, source says, after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes	1
Putin cancels visit to France , Kremlin source says , after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes .	Putin cancels France visit, Kremlin source says, after French president suggests Russia guilty of war crimes	1
Putin cancels visit to France , Kremlin source says , after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes .	Putin cancels France trip, Kremlin source says, after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes.	1
Putin cancels visit to France , Kremlin source says , after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes .	Vladimir Putin cancels France visit, Kremlin source says, after French President suggests Russia guilty of war crimes	1
What if there were more women in tech ?	What would happen if there were more women in tech?	1
What if there were more women in tech ?	What would happen, if there were more women in Tech?	1
This was not just a lewd conversation . This wasnt locker room banter .	This was not just lewd conversation. This wasnt locker room banter.	1
This was not just a lewd conversation . This wasnt locker room banter .	This was not just a lewd conversation. This was not locker room banter.	1
This was not just a lewd conversation . This wasnt locker room banter .	This wasnt just a lewd conversation, this wasnt locker room banter.	1
This was not just a lewd conversation . This wasnt locker room banter .	This was NOT merely lewd conversation. This was not locker room banter.	1
Nadia Murad , Yazidi woman who survived ISIS captivity , wins Human Rights Prize	Nadia Murad, Yazidi Woman Surviving ISIS Captivity, Wins Human Rights Prize	1
Nadia Murad , Yazidi woman who survived ISIS captivity , wins Human Rights Prize	Nadia Murad, Yazidi Woman Who Survened ISIS Captivity, Wins Human Rights Prize	1
Nadia Murad , Yazidi woman who survived ISIS captivity , wins Human Rights Prize	Nadia Murad, a Yazidi woman who survived ISIS Captivity, Wins Human Rights Prize	1
Nadia Murad , Yazidi woman who survived ISIS captivity , wins Human Rights Prize	Nadia Murad, a Yazidi woman who survived ISIS captivity, wins Human Rights Prize	1
As Chinas Economy Slows , a Look at What Could Happen	As Chinas Economy Slows, a Look at What Could Happen	1
As Chinas Economy Slows , a Look at What Could Happen	As Chinas Economy Slows, an Eye On What Could Happen Next	1
As Chinas Economy Slows , a Look at What Could Happen	As Chinas Economy Slows, a New Look at What Could Happen	1
Afghan woman in famed National Geographic photo is arrested in Pakistan	Afghan Woman in Famous National Geographic Photo Is Arrested in Pakistan	1
Afghan woman in famed National Geographic photo is arrested in Pakistan	Afghan Girl in Famous National Geographic Photo Is Arrested in Pakistan	1
Afghan woman in famed National Geographic photo is arrested in Pakistan	Afghan Woman in Famous National Geographic Photo Is Arrested in Pakistan.	1
Afghan woman in famed National Geographic photo is arrested in Pakistan	Afghan Girl in Famed National Geographic Photo Is Arrested in Pakistan	1
Afghan woman in famed National Geographic photo is arrested in Pakistan	Afghan Girl in famed National Geographic Photo Is Arrested in Pakistan	1
Afghan woman in famed National Geographic photo is arrested in Pakistan	Afghan Woman in famous National Geographic Photo Is Arrested in Pakistan	1
Afghan woman in famed National Geographic photo is arrested in Pakistan	Afghan Woman in National Geographic Photo Is Arrested in Pakistan	1
Afghan woman in famed National Geographic photo is arrested in Pakistan	Afghan woman in famous National Geographic photo is arrested in Pakistan	1
Afghan woman in famed National Geographic photo is arrested in Pakistan	Afghan Girl in National Geographic Photo Is Arrested in Pakistan	1
Afghan woman in famed National Geographic photo is arrested in Pakistan	Afghan Girl in famed National Geographic photo is arrested in Pakistan	1
Donald Trump allies focus anger on another target	Trump Allies Set Anger on Another Target	1
Donald Trump allies focus anger on another target	Trump allies focus anger at another target	1
Donald Trump allies focus anger on another target	Trump Allies Focus Anger on Another Target	1
The EpiPen is about to get some more competition	EpiPen Is About to Get Some More Competition	1
The EpiPen is about to get some more competition	The EpiPen is about to get some more competition.	1
In April , Patton Oswalts wife died . Coping with grief , he returns to stand-up .	In April Patton Oswalts wife died. Coping with grief, he returns to stand-up.	1
In April , Patton Oswalts wife died . Coping with grief , he returns to stand-up .	Patton Oswalts wife died in April. Coping with grief, he returns to standup.	1
In April , Patton Oswalts wife died . Coping with grief , he returns to stand-up .	Patton Oswalts Wife Dies in April ; Coping With Grief, he Returns to Stand-Up.	1
In April , Patton Oswalts wife died . Coping with grief , he returns to stand-up .	Patton Oswalt's wife died in April. Coping with grief, he returns to stand-up	1
Megyn Kelly's clash with Newt Gingrich again raised the question of Fox News's future	Megyn Kellys confrontation with Newt Gingrich again raises question of Fox News' future	1
Megyn Kelly's clash with Newt Gingrich again raised the question of Fox News's future	Megyn Kelly's clash with Newt Gingrich has raised the question of Fox News' future	1
Megyn Kelly's clash with Newt Gingrich again raised the question of Fox News's future	Megyn Kelly's clash with Newt Gingrich once again raised the question of Fox News' future	1
Megyn Kelly's clash with Newt Gingrich again raised the question of Fox News's future	Megyn Kellys Critique of Newt Gingrich Again Raised the Question of Fox News' Future	1
Megyn Kelly's clash with Newt Gingrich again raised the question of Fox News's future	Megyn Kellys confrontation with Newt Gingrich again raises the question of Fox News' future	1
Megyn Kelly's clash with Newt Gingrich again raised the question of Fox News's future	Megyn Kelly's clash with Newt Gingrich again raised the question of Fox News' future	1
Megyn Kelly's clash with Newt Gingrich again raised the question of Fox News's future	Megyn Kelly's confrontation with Newt Gingrich again raises question of Fox News' future	1
Megyn Kelly's clash with Newt Gingrich again raised the question of Fox News's future	Megyn Kelly's clash with Newt Gingrich again raised the question of FOX News' future	1
Megyn Kelly's clash with Newt Gingrich again raised the question of Fox News's future	Megyn Kelly's clash with Newt Gingrich again raises question of FOX News' future	1
Megyn Kelly's clash with Newt Gingrich again raised the question of Fox News's future	Megyn Kellys Critique of Newt Gingrich again raises the question of Fox News' future.	1
A burning cross once set Old Dixie Highway aglow . Now the road has a new name President Barack Obama Highway .	A burning cross once set Old Dixie Highway aglow, now the road has a new name President Barack Obama Highway.	1
12 books to read in your 20s	12 Books You Must Read in Your 20s	1
12 books to read in your 20s	12 books you should read in your 20s!	1
12 books to read in your 20s	Twelve Books You Should Read in Your 20s	1
He was once called " The Man Who Gave Us AIDS . New research declares that he wasn't .	He was once called, The Man Who Gave Us AIDS. New research proves that he wasn't.	1
It's unnerving to discover that the mentally ill are someone's idea of a ghoul or zombie	It's unnerving to discover that the mentally ill are some people's idea of a ghoul or zombie.	1
For some , it can be cheaper to go without insurance and pay the IRS than to pay an insurance company	For some it can be cheaper to go without insurance and pay the IRS, than to pay an insurance company.	1
For some , it can be cheaper to go without insurance and pay the IRS than to pay an insurance company	For some it may be cheaper to go without insurance and pay the IRS than to pay an insurance company.	1
For some , it can be cheaper to go without insurance and pay the IRS than to pay an insurance company	for some it can be cheaper to go without insurance and pay the IRS than to pay an insurance company.	1
For some , it can be cheaper to go without insurance and pay the IRS than to pay an insurance company	For some it can be cheaper to go without insurance and pay the IRS than to pay an insurance company.	1
What we learned from five hours of Trump on tape	What We Learned From Five Hours of Trump on Tape.	1
Kesha wants people to know that right now , she is the opposite of free	Kesha wants the people to know that right now she is the opposite of free.	1
Kesha wants people to know that right now , she is the opposite of free	Kesha wants people to know that right now she is the opposite of free.	1
Kesha wants people to know that right now , she is the opposite of free	Kesha wants the world to know that right now she is the opposite of free.	1
Kesha wants people to know that right now , she is the opposite of free	Kesha Wants People to Know That Right Now She Is the opposite of free	1
Kesha wants people to know that right now , she is the opposite of free	Kesha wants people to know that right now, she is the opposite of free	1
Kesha wants people to know that right now , she is the opposite of free	Kesha wants us to know that right now she is the opposite of free	1
I think that I'm so honest that it gets me in trouble . I'm a very smart person .	I think I'm so honest that it gets me in trouble. I'm a very smart person.	1
I think that I'm so honest that it gets me in trouble . I'm a very smart person .	I think that I'm so honest that it gets me in trouble. I'm a very smart person.	1
I think that I'm so honest that it gets me in trouble . I'm a very smart person .	I think that I am so honest that it gets me in trouble. I'm a very smart person	1
I think that I'm so honest that it gets me in trouble . I'm a very smart person .	I Think That I'm So Honest That It Gets Me in Trouble I'm a Very Smart Person.	1
I think that I'm so honest that it gets me in trouble . I'm a very smart person .	I think that I'm so honest that it gets me in trouble. I'm a very smart person	1
Some Koreans dont wait to die to find out what their funeral will be like , from the inside .	Some Koreans Don't Wait to Die to Find Out What Their Funeral Looks Like From the Inside	1
Some Koreans dont wait to die to find out what their funeral will be like , from the inside .	Some Koreans Dont Wait To Die to Find Out What Your Funeral Will Be Like From the Inside	1
Some Koreans dont wait to die to find out what their funeral will be like , from the inside .	Some Koreans Dont Wait to Die to Find Out What Their Funeral Will Be Like From the Inside	1
The original 176 emoji are now part of the Museum of Modern Art's permanent collection	The original 176 emojis are now part of the permanent collection at the Museum of Modern Art	1
The original 176 emoji are now part of the Museum of Modern Art's permanent collection	The original 176 Emoji are now part of the Museum of Modern Art permanent collection.	1
The original 176 emoji are now part of the Museum of Modern Art's permanent collection	The original 176 Emojis are now part of the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art	1
The original 176 emoji are now part of the Museum of Modern Art's permanent collection	The original 176 emojis are now part of the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art	1
The original 176 emoji are now part of the Museum of Modern Art's permanent collection	The original 176 Emoji are now part of the Museum of Modern Art permanent collection	1
The original 176 emoji are now part of the Museum of Modern Art's permanent collection	The original 176 Emoji are now part of the Museum of Modern Art's permanent collection.	1
The original 176 emoji are now part of the Museum of Modern Art's permanent collection	The original 176 Emoji are now part of the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art	1
The original 176 emoji are now part of the Museum of Modern Art's permanent collection	The original 176 Emoji are now part of the museum of modern art's permanent collection.	1
The original 176 emoji are now part of the Museum of Modern Art's permanent collection	The original 176 emoji are now part of the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art.	1
The original 176 emoji are now part of the Museum of Modern Art's permanent collection	The original 176 emoji are now part of the Museum of Modern Art's permanent collection.	1
The original 176 emoji are now part of the Museum of Modern Art's permanent collection	The 176 original Emoji are now part of the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art.	1
The original 176 emoji are now part of the Museum of Modern Art's permanent collection	The museum's original 176 emoji are now part of the Museum of Modern Art's permanent collection	1
The original 176 emoji are now part of the Museum of Modern Art's permanent collection	The museum's original 176 emoji are now part of the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art	1
The original 176 emoji are now part of the Museum of Modern Art's permanent collection	The original 176 emojis are now part of the Museum of Modern Art's permanent collection	1
New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte I made a mistake " in calling Trump a role model	New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte: I made a mistake'in calling Trump a role model	1
New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte I made a mistake " in calling Trump a role model	New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte: I Made a Mistake 'in Calling Trump a Role Model	1
New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte I made a mistake " in calling Trump a role model	New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte says it was a mistake to call Trump a role model.	1
New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte I made a mistake " in calling Trump a role model	New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte: I made a mistake 'in calling Trump a role model	1
New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte I made a mistake " in calling Trump a role model	New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte I Made a Mistake'in Calling Trump a Role Model	1
New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte I made a mistake " in calling Trump a role model	New Hampshire Sen. Kelly Ayotte: I made a mistake in calling Trump a role model	1
After 3 men were arrested for plotting to bomb a community of Somali immigrants , many are worried about their safety	Somali immigrants fear their safety after 3 men are arrested for plotting to bomb a Somali community.	1
After 3 men were arrested for plotting to bomb a community of Somali immigrants , many are worried about their safety	After 3 Men Were Arrested for Plotting to Bomb Somali Immigrants, Many Are Worried About Their Safety.	1
After 3 men were arrested for plotting to bomb a community of Somali immigrants , many are worried about their safety	After 3 Men Were Arrested for Bombing Somali Immigrants, Many Are Worried About Their Safety	1
The problem with our quest for happiness is that , apparently , it's making us miserable	The problem with our quest for happiness is that it is apparently making us miserable.	1
The problem with our quest for happiness is that , apparently , it's making us miserable	The problem with our quest for happiness is that, apparently, it's making us miserable	1
The problem with our quest for happiness is that , apparently , it's making us miserable	The problem with our quest for happiness is that it seems to make us miserable	1
Hundreds of ISIS fighters are now fleeing Mosul and crossing into Syria , tribal leader says	Hundreds of ISIS fighters fleeing Mosul are now crossing into Syria, tribal leader says	1
Hundreds of ISIS fighters are now fleeing Mosul and crossing into Syria , tribal leader says	Hundreds of ISIS fighters are fleeing Mosul and crossing into Syria, tribal leader says	1
The president of the Philippines wants " a separation " from the U.S. But the bonds between the 2 countries run deep .	The president of the Philippines wants'separation'from the USA but the connections between the two countries run deep	1
The president of the Philippines wants " a separation " from the U.S. But the bonds between the 2 countries run deep .	President of the Philippines wants'a separation'from the US, but the bonds between the two countries run deep.	1
The president of the Philippines wants " a separation " from the U.S. But the bonds between the 2 countries run deep .	The president of the Philippines wants a'separation'from the USA, but the bonds between the two countries run deep	1
The president of the Philippines wants " a separation " from the U.S. But the bonds between the 2 countries run deep .	The president of the Philippines wants  A Separation' From the U.S.'s but the links between the two countries run deep.	1
The president of the Philippines wants " a separation " from the U.S. But the bonds between the 2 countries run deep .	The President of the Philippines wants 'a separation' from the U.S. But the bonds between the two countries run deep	1
Time Warner CEO We believe the merger will be a catalyst to more competition & amp ; innovation .	Time Warner CEO We believe the merger will be a catalyst for more innovation and competition.	1
Time Warner CEO We believe the merger will be a catalyst to more competition & amp ; innovation .	Time Warner CEO : " We believe the merger will be a catalyst to more competition & amp ; innovation.	1
Time Warner CEO We believe the merger will be a catalyst to more competition & amp ; innovation .	Time Warner CEO says'we think the merger will be a catalyst for more competition & amp ; innovation	1
Time Warner CEO We believe the merger will be a catalyst to more competition & amp ; innovation .	Time Warner CEO We believe the merger will be a catalyst for more competition & amp ; innovation.	1
Time Warner CEO We believe the merger will be a catalyst to more competition & amp ; innovation .	Time Warner CEO: "We believe the merger will be a catalyst to more competition & amp ; innovation	1
You are fascinated with sex and you don't care about public policy .	You are fascinated with sex and don't care about public policy.	1
Meet the baby who was born twice removed from the womb for surgery , then returned	Meet the baby who was born twice The baby was removed from the womb for surgery, then returned	1
Meet the baby who was born twice removed from the womb for surgery , then returned	Meet the baby who was born twice, removed from the womb for surgery, then returned	1
The 8 friends you make in the modern workplace	8 friends you make in the modern workplace	1
The 8 friends you make in the modern workplace	8 Friends You Make in the Modern Workplace	1
The 8 friends you make in the modern workplace	8 friends you make in the modern workplace.	1
The 8 friends you make in the modern workplace	The 8 friends you make in your modern workplace.	1
The 8 friends you make in the modern workplace	The 8 friends you make in the modern workplace.	1
Paul Beatty's novel " The Sellout , " a blistering satire about race in America , won the Man Booker Prize	Paul Beatty's novel The Sellout, a blistering satire about race in America, won the Man Booker Prize	1
Paul Beatty's novel " The Sellout , " a blistering satire about race in America , won the Man Booker Prize	Paul Beatty's novel The Sellout, a blistering satire about race in America, won Man Booker Prize	1
Paul Beatty's novel " The Sellout , " a blistering satire about race in America , won the Man Booker Prize	Paul Beatty's book The Sellout, a blistering satire about race in America, won Man Booker Prize	1
Facebook Messenger now supports PayPal payments in bots , will track your PayPal receipts	Facebook Messenger now supports PayPal payment in bots, will track your PayPal receipts	1
Facebook Messenger now supports PayPal payments in bots , will track your PayPal receipts	Facebook Messenger now supports PayPal payments in bots and will track your PayPal Receipts	1
Facebook Messenger now supports PayPal payments in bots , will track your PayPal receipts	Facebook Messenger now supports PayPal payments in bots, will track your PayPal Receipts	1
An extraordinary look at Donald Trump's psyche We obtained hours of interviews that reveal his fear of failure .	An extraordinary look at Donald Trumps psyche We obtained hours of interviews that reveal his fear of failure.	1
An extraordinary look at Donald Trump's psyche We obtained hours of interviews that reveal his fear of failure .	An extraordinary look at Donald Trump's psyche. We obtained hours of interviews that reveal his fear of failure.	1
The plot turns have kept coming in North Carolina's election year	The plot turns have kept coming in North Carolina's election year.	1
The plot turns have kept coming in North Carolina's election year	The plot turns have kept coming in North Carolinas election year.	1
The plot turns have kept coming in North Carolina's election year	The plot turns kept coming in North Carolinas election year	1
Nominate your choice for Hardware of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for #Hardware of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	1
Nominate your choice for Hardware of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Hardware of the Year at The 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	1
Nominate your choice for Hardware of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Hardware of the Year at the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	1
Nominate your choice for Hardware of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for hardware of the year at the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	1
Nominate your choice for Hardware of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate Your Choice for Hardware of the Year at The 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	1
Nominate your choice for Hardware of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Hardware of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards!	1
Nominate your choice for Hardware of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for #Hardware of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards.	1
Nominate your choice for Hardware of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Hardware of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards.	1
Nominate your choice for Hardware of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Hardware of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards. It's your choice!	1
Singapore to trial driverless buses after successful shuttle pilot	Singapore trialling driverless buses after successful shuttle pilot	1
Weed on-demand startup Eaze inhales $13 million in funding to grow into new markets	Weed on-demand startup Eaze earns $13 million in funding to grow into new markets	1
World Series Game 5 Cubs Get One More Chance Against Indians	World Series Game 5 Cubs Have One More Chance Against Indians	1
World Series Game 5 Cubs Get One More Chance Against Indians	World Series Game 5 Cubs Take Another Chance Against Indians	1
We're against putting migrants all over France a demonstrator from the National Front yelled . It's a time bomb !	We're against putting migrants all over France. A demonstrator from the National Front yelled: It's a time bomb!	1
Indians 6 , Cubs 0 Cleveland leads series , 1-0 Indians Shut Out the Cubs in Game 1 of the World Series	Indians 6, Cubs 0 Cleveland leads series, 1-0 Indians shut out Cubs in World Series Game 1	1
Indians 6 , Cubs 0 Cleveland leads series , 1-0 Indians Shut Out the Cubs in Game 1 of the World Series	Indians 6, Cubs 0 Cleveland leads series, 1-0 Indians shut out the Cubs in World Series Game 1	1
The first movie shot in super-high-res 3-D looks fantastic . Its also unwatchable	The First Movie Shot in Super-High-Res 3-D Looks Fantastic, But Its Unwatchable	1
The first movie shot in super-high-res 3-D looks fantastic . Its also unwatchable	The first movie shot in super-high-res 3-D looks great. Its also unwatchable.	1
The first movie shot in super-high-res 3-D looks fantastic . Its also unwatchable	The first film shot in super-high-res 3-D looks fantastic, but its also unwatchable	1
The first movie shot in super-high-res 3-D looks fantastic . Its also unwatchable	The first movie shot in super-high-res 3-D looks fantastic. Its also unwatchable	1
The first movie shot in super-high-res 3-D looks fantastic . Its also unwatchable	The first movie shot in super-high-res 3-D looks fantastic, but its also unwatchable	1
The first movie shot in super-high-res 3-D looks fantastic . Its also unwatchable	The first movie shot in super-high-res 3-D looks great but is also unwatchable	1
The emails to be reviewed were found on the computer of Anthony Weiner , Huma Abedins husband	The emails to be reviewed were found on the computer of Anthony Weiner, Husband of Huma Abedin.	1
The emails to be reviewed were found on the computer of Anthony Weiner , Huma Abedins husband	The emails to be reviewed were found on the computer of Anthony Weiner, husband of Huma Abedin	1
The emails to be reviewed were found on the computer of Anthony Weiner , Huma Abedins husband	The emails to review were found on the computer of Anthony Weiner, Huma Abedins husband	1
The emails to be reviewed were found on the computer of Anthony Weiner , Huma Abedins husband	The emails to be reviewed were found on the computer of Anthony Weiner, husband of Huma Abedin.	1
The emails to be reviewed were found on the computer of Anthony Weiner , Huma Abedins husband	The emails to be reviewed were found on the computer of Anthony Weiner, Huma Abedins husband	1
The emails to be reviewed were found on the computer of Anthony Weiner , Huma Abedins husband	The emails to review have been found on the computer of Anthony Weiner, Huma Abedins husband	1
The complete list of Trump's insults on Twitter .	The Complete List of Donald Trump's Insults on Twitter	1
The complete list of Trump's insults on Twitter .	The complete list of Donald Trump's insults on Twitter	1
The complete list of Trump's insults on Twitter .	The Complete List of Trump's Insults on Twitter.	1
We explain it all in this Q and A .	We explain it all in this Q and A.	1
We explain it all in this Q and A .	In this Q and A, we explain it all.	1
We explain it all in this Q and A .	The whole thing we explain in this Q and A.	1
We explain it all in this Q and A .	This is all explained in this Q and A.	1
We explain it all in this Q and A .	We explain all in this Q and A.	1
Elon Musk says we're going to Mars , and we're bringing tunneling droids	Elon Musk talks of coming to Mars with tunneling droids	1
Early Turnout Tilts Toward Democrats in Swing States	Early turnout swings Toward Democrats in Swing States	1
Early Turnout Tilts Toward Democrats in Swing States	Early Turnout Tilts Toward Democrats in Swing States.	1
Google curbs expansion of fiber optic network , cutting jobs	Google curbs expansion of Fiber optic network, cutting jobs	1
The Clintons didn't get permits to renovate the new house they bought in Chappaqua , New York , records show	The Clintons didn't get the necessary permits to renovate the new house they bought in Chappaqua, New York, records show.	1
Trade is falling . The United States is no exception to the broader trend .	Trade, as a whole, is falling. United States is no exception to this trend	1
Trade is falling . The United States is no exception to the broader trend .	Trade is falling. The United States is no exception to this wider trend.	1
When you're Asian , sometimes to other people you're just Jackie Chan or Yao Ming or Jeremy Lin	When you're Asian, sometimes to other people you're just Jackie Chan or Yao Ming or Jeremy Lin.	1
When you're Asian , sometimes to other people you're just Jackie Chan or Yao Ming or Jeremy Lin	If you're Asian, sometimes to other people you're just Jackie Chan or Yao Ming or Jeremy Lin.	1
When you're Asian , sometimes to other people you're just Jackie Chan or Yao Ming or Jeremy Lin	When you're Asian, sometimes to other people, you're just Jackie Chan or Yao Ming or Jeremy Lin.	1
When you're Asian , sometimes to other people you're just Jackie Chan or Yao Ming or Jeremy Lin	When you're Asian, sometimes to other people you're just Jackie Chan or Yao Ming or Jeremy Lin	1
When you're Asian , sometimes to other people you're just Jackie Chan or Yao Ming or Jeremy Lin	When you are Asian, sometimes to other people, you're just Jackie Chan or Yao Ming or Jeremy Lin	1
When you're Asian , sometimes to other people you're just Jackie Chan or Yao Ming or Jeremy Lin	When you're Asian, sometimes to others you're just Jackie Chan or Yao Ming or Jeremy Lin.	1
When you're Asian , sometimes to other people you're just Jackie Chan or Yao Ming or Jeremy Lin	When you are Asian, sometimes to other people, you're just Jackie Chan or Yao Ming or Jeremy Lin.	1
When you're Asian , sometimes to other people you're just Jackie Chan or Yao Ming or Jeremy Lin	When you're Asian, sometimes to other people, you're just Jackie Chan or Yao Ming or Jeremy Lin	1
Donald Trump has a 4-point lead in Florida , an NYT poll finds . A month ago , he trailed Hillary Clinton by one .	Donald Trump has a 4-point lead in Florida, according to an NYT poll. A month ago, he trailed Hillary Clinton by one point.	1
premiums will go up by double-digit percentages in 2017	The premium will surge by double-digit percentages in 2017	1
premiums will go up by double-digit percentages in 2017	premiums to go up by double-digit percentages in 2017!	1
premiums will go up by double-digit percentages in 2017	In 2017, premiums will climb by double-digit percentages	1
premiums will go up by double-digit percentages in 2017	Premiums will go up by double-digit percentages in 2017.	1
premiums will go up by double-digit percentages in 2017	Premiums will rise by double-digit percentages in 2017	1
premiums will go up by double-digit percentages in 2017	In 2017 premiums will go up by double-digit percentages	1
premiums will go up by double-digit percentages in 2017	2017 premiums are set to rise by double-digit percentages	1
premiums will go up by double-digit percentages in 2017	In 2017 premiums will increase by double-digit percentages	1
premiums will go up by double-digit percentages in 2017	premiums are expected to rise by double-digit percentages in 2017	1
premiums will go up by double-digit percentages in 2017	In 2017, the premiums will go up by double-digit percentages.	1
premiums will go up by double-digit percentages in 2017	In 2017, premiums are expected to increase by double-digit percentages.	1
premiums will go up by double-digit percentages in 2017	premiums are expected to increase by double-digit percentages in 2017	1
premiums will go up by double-digit percentages in 2017	premiums are expected to climb by double-digit percentages in 2017	1
premiums will go up by double-digit percentages in 2017	The premiums are going up by double-digit percentages in 2017.	1
premiums will go up by double-digit percentages in 2017	premiums are set to go up by double-digit percentages in 2017	1
premiums will go up by double-digit percentages in 2017	In 2017, premiums will go up by double-digit percentages	1
Ex-Pennsylvania AG Kathleen Kane sentenced to 10-23 months in jail in perjury case WTAE , Morning Call	Kathleen Kane, Ex-AG of Pennsylvania, sentenced to 10-23 months in prison in perjury case WTAE, Morning Call	1
Ex-Pennsylvania AG Kathleen Kane sentenced to 10-23 months in jail in perjury case WTAE , Morning Call	Ex-Pennsylvania AG Kathleen Kane sentenced to 10-23 months in jail in perjury case WTAE, Morning Call	1
Ex-Pennsylvania AG Kathleen Kane sentenced to 10-23 months in jail in perjury case WTAE , Morning Call	Ex-AG Kathleen Kane, formerly of Pennsylvania, has been sentenced to 10-23 months in jail in a perjury case filed by WTAE, Morning Call.	1
Its well-established that Hillary Clinton belonged to a satanic cult , still does .	Its well-established that Hillary Clinton belonged to a satanistic cult, and still does	1
Its well-established that Hillary Clinton belonged to a satanic cult , still does .	Its well-established that Hillary Clinton belonged to a satanic cult, still does.	1
Its well-established that Hillary Clinton belonged to a satanic cult , still does .	It's well-established that Hillary Clinton belonged to a satanistic cult, and still does.	1
Its well-established that Hillary Clinton belonged to a satanic cult , still does .	Its well-established that Hillary Clinton belonged to a satan cult and still does.	1
Its well-established that Hillary Clinton belonged to a satanic cult , still does .	It's well-established that Hillary Clinton belonged to a satanistic cult, still does.	1
Its well-established that Hillary Clinton belonged to a satanic cult , still does .	Its well established that Hillary Clinton was part of a satanistic cult, still does.	1
Its well-established that Hillary Clinton belonged to a satanic cult , still does .	Its well-established that Hillary Clinton belonged to a satanistic cult, still does.	1
Its well-established that Hillary Clinton belonged to a satanic cult , still does .	Its well established that Hillary Clinton belonged to a satanic cult, still does.	1
More than 1,200 police , officials begin operation to clear ' Jungle ' migrant camp in Calais , France	More Than 1,200 police, officials begin operation to clear'Jungle'migrant camp in Calais, France	1
More than 1,200 police , officials begin operation to clear ' Jungle ' migrant camp in Calais , France	More than 1,200 police, officials begin operation to clear'Jungle'migrant camp in Calais, France	1
The broken promises of genetically modified crops	Broken Promises of Genetically Modified Crops	1
The broken promises of genetically modified crops	Broken Promises of Genetically Modified Crops.	1
Philip Roths personal library will be housed in a special room at the Newark Public Library	Philip Roths personal library will be housed in a special room at Newark's Public Library	1
Philip Roths personal library will be housed in a special room at the Newark Public Library	Philip Roth's personal library will be housed in a special room at the Newark Public Library	1
New CNN/ORC poll Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 5 points heading in to final two weeks	New CNN/ORC poll Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump by 5 points heading into final two weeks	1
Last week , @DouthatNYT wrote about the dangers of Hillary Clinton . This week , the dangers of Trump .	Last week, @DouthatNYT wrote about the dangers of Clinton. This week, the dangers of...Trump	1
He was a big league baseball prospect who became a mob hit man . Meet Maurice Lerner , a.k.a. Pro , a.k.a. Reno .	Meet Maurice Lerner, a.k.a. pro, a.k.a. reno. He was a big league baseball prospect who became a mob hit man.	1
Hillarys Al Smith Dinner address was absurdly funny and beautifully poignant	Hillary Clintons Al Smith Dinner Address Was Ridiculously Funny and Beautifully Poignant	1
A new poll shows Clinton leading Trump by double-digits	New poll shows Clinton leads Trump by double-digits	1
A new poll shows Clinton leading Trump by double-digits	New Poll Shows Clinton Leads Trump by Double-Digits	1
Martin Luther didn't just nail his 95 theses to a church door . He made pamphlets , wrote hymns and used images .	Martin Luther didnt just nail his 95 theses to a church door : He made pamphlets, wrote hymns and used images.	1
Martin Luther didn't just nail his 95 theses to a church door . He made pamphlets , wrote hymns and used images .	Martin Luther did more than just nail his 95 theses to a church door, he made pamphlets, wrote hymns and used images.	1
Martin Luther didn't just nail his 95 theses to a church door . He made pamphlets , wrote hymns and used images .	Martin Luther didn't simply nail his 95 theses to a church door, he made pamphlets, wrote hymns and used images.	1
Martin Luther didn't just nail his 95 theses to a church door . He made pamphlets , wrote hymns and used images .	Martin Luther didn't just nail his 95 theses to a church door, he made pamphlets, wrote hymns, and used images.	1
Martin Luther didn't just nail his 95 theses to a church door . He made pamphlets , wrote hymns and used images .	Martin Luther didn't just nail his 95 theses to a church door. He made pamphlets, wrote hymns and used images.	1
At 91 , she told her family she was ready to die . Im just going to stop eating and drinking .	At 91, she told her family that she was ready to die : Im just going to stop eating and drinking.	1
Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds	Linux exploit gives any user full access in 5 seconds	1
Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds	The Linux exploit allows any user full access in five seconds!	1
Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds	The Linux Exploit gives any user full access in five seconds	1
Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds	A Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds	1
Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds	A Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds.	1
Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds	The Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds	1
Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds	Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds.	1
Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds	An exploit for Linux gives any user full access in five seconds	1
Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds	A Linux exploit allows any user to access everything in five seconds.	1
Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds	An exploit for Linux allows anyone to have full access in five seconds	1
Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds	The Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds.	1
Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds	A Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds!	1
Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds	This Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds!	1
Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds	An exploit for Linux gives any user full access in five seconds.	1
Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds	The Linux exploit gives any user full access in five seconds!	1
Clinton edges up in our North Carolina estimates based on early voting	Clinton Edges Up in North Carolina Estimates based on Early Voting	1
GOP leaders created the myth of the " rigged vote . Now they are trying to renounce it	GOP leaders created the myth of the'rigged vote.' Now they are trying to renounce it.	1
Blame the Internet of Things for Friday's web blackout	Blame the Internet of Things for Fridays Web blackout	1
Blame the Internet of Things for Friday's web blackout	Blame the Internet of Things for Fridays web blackout	1
A quick guide to rising Obamacare rates and who will be affected	Quick Guide to Rising Obamacare Rates and Who Will Be Affected	1
The Pirate Party , which just tripled its seats in Iceland's Parliament , wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution	The Pirate Party, which just tripled its seats in Iceland's parliament, wants to pass a  Crowd-sourced Constitution	1
The Pirate Party , which just tripled its seats in Iceland's Parliament , wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution	The Pirate Party, which just tripled its seats in Iceland's Parliament, wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution	1
The Pirate Party , which just tripled its seats in Iceland's Parliament , wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution	Pirate Party, which has just tripled its seats in Iceland's parliament, wants to pass a'crowd-sourced constitution	1
The Pirate Party , which just tripled its seats in Iceland's Parliament , wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution	The Pirate Party, which just tripled its seats in Icelands Parliament, wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution	1
The Pirate Party , which just tripled its seats in Iceland's Parliament , wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution	The Pirate Party, which just tripled its seats in Iceland's parliament, wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution	1
The Pirate Party , which just tripled its seats in Iceland's Parliament , wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution	The Pirate Party, which just tripled its seats in Icelands Parliament, wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution.	1
The Pirate Party , which just tripled its seats in Iceland's Parliament , wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution	A Pirate Party that just tripled its seats in Iceland's parliament wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution.	1
The Pirate Party , which just tripled its seats in Iceland's Parliament , wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution	The Pirate Party, which just tripled its seats in Iceland's Parliament, wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution.	1
The Pirate Party , which just tripled its seats in Iceland's Parliament , wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution	Pirate Party, which just tripled its seats in Iceland's parliament, wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution	1
The Pirate Party , which just tripled its seats in Iceland's Parliament , wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution	Pirate Party, which just tripled its seats in Iceland's Parliament, wants to pass'crowd-sourced'constitution.	1
The Pirate Party , which just tripled its seats in Iceland's Parliament , wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution	Pirate Party, which just tripled its seats in Iceland's Parliament, wants to pass a " crowd-sourced constitution.	1
Berkeley protesters demand ' spaces of color , ' harass white students trying to pass	Berkeley protesters demand'spaces of color,'harass white students trying to pass	1
Berkeley protesters demand ' spaces of color , ' harass white students trying to pass	Berkeley protesters demand'spaces of color,' harass white students trying to pass	1
Berkeley protesters demand ' spaces of color , ' harass white students trying to pass	Berkeley protesters ask'spaces of color,'harass white students trying to pass	1
Berkeley protesters demand ' spaces of color , ' harass white students trying to pass	Berkeley protesters demanding'spaces of color,'harass white students trying to pass	1
Berkeley protesters demand ' spaces of color , ' harass white students trying to pass	#Berkeley protesters demand'spaces of color,' harass white students trying to pass	1
Donald Trump says " Obamacare is just blowing up , " citing rate increases	Trump says'Obamacare is just blowing up " citing rate increases	1
Donald Trump says " Obamacare is just blowing up , " citing rate increases	Trump says'Obamacare is just blowing up'citing rate increases	1
Could your own immune system kill cancer ?	Could your own immune system kill cancer?	1
Could your own immune system kill cancer ?	Is it possible that your own immune system could kill cancer?	1
If the FBI announcement influences the election , it could be an abuse of power .	If the announcement of the FBI influences the election, it could be an abuse of power.	1
If the FBI announcement influences the election , it could be an abuse of power .	If The FBI Announcement Is Influencing the Election, It Could Be an Abuse of Power.	1
If the FBI announcement influences the election , it could be an abuse of power .	If the announcement of the FBI affects the election, it could be an abuse of power.	1
Trump's final debate was a slow-motion meltdown , in three parts	Trumps Final Debate Was a Slow-Motion Meltdown, in Three Parts	1
Trump's final debate was a slow-motion meltdown , in three parts	Trump's final debate was a slow-motion meltdown, in three parts.	1
Trump's final debate was a slow-motion meltdown , in three parts	Trump's final debate was a slow-motion meltdown in three parts	1
Trump's final debate was a slow-motion meltdown , in three parts	Trump's final debate was a slow-motion meltdown, in three parts	1
Trump's final debate was a slow-motion meltdown , in three parts	Donald Trump's final debate was a slow-motion meltdown, in three parts	1
Trump's final debate was a slow-motion meltdown , in three parts	Trump's Final Debate Was a Slow-Motion Meltdown, in Three Parts	1
The best of times for whom ?	The best of times for whom?	1
Thousands of soldiers forced to repay enlistment bonuses a decade later	Thousands of soldiers forced to repay enlistment bonuses a decade later.	1
She never spoke of it to her husband . Then she heard the Trump tape .	She never spoke of it to her husband. Then she heard the Trump tape.	1
She never spoke of it to her husband . Then she heard the Trump tape .	She never spoke about it to her husband. Then she heard the Trump tape.	1
The love story that began with a liver transplant	The love story that started with a liver transplant	1
The love story that began with a liver transplant	Love story that began with a liver transplant	1
FBI agents knew they might uncover materials related to Clinton email investigation while reviewing Weiner's laptop	FBI agents knew they might uncover materials related to Clinton email investigation when they reviewed Weiner's laptop	1
FBI agents knew they might uncover materials related to Clinton email investigation while reviewing Weiner's laptop	FBI agents knew they might uncover materials related to Clinton email investigation, while reviewing Weiner's laptop.	1
FBI agents knew they might uncover materials related to Clinton email investigation while reviewing Weiner's laptop	FBI agents knew they might uncover material related to Clinton email investigation, while reviewing Weiners laptop	1
FBI agents knew they might uncover materials related to Clinton email investigation while reviewing Weiner's laptop	FBI agents knew they might uncover materials related to Clinton email probe during review of Weiner's laptop	1
FBI agents knew they might uncover materials related to Clinton email investigation while reviewing Weiner's laptop	FBI agents knew they might uncover materials related to Clinton's email probe when reviewing Weiner's laptop	1
FBI agents knew they might uncover materials related to Clinton email investigation while reviewing Weiner's laptop	FBI agents knew they might uncover materials related to Clinton email investigation, while reviewing Weiner's laptop	1
Pentagon demands return of cash bonuses paid to California soldiers for going to war a decade ago	Pentagon demands return of cash bonuses paid to California soldiers for going to war 10 years ago	1
Pentagon demands return of cash bonuses paid to California soldiers for going to war a decade ago	Pentagon demands return of cash bonuses paid to Cal soldiers for going to war a decade ago	1
Pentagon demands return of cash bonuses paid to California soldiers for going to war a decade ago	Pentagon demands return of cash bonuses paid to California soldiers for attending war a decade ago	1
Pentagon demands return of cash bonuses paid to California soldiers for going to war a decade ago	Pentagon demands return of cash bonuses paid to California soldiers for going to war a decade ago.	1
Pentagon demands return of cash bonuses paid to California soldiers for going to war a decade ago	Pentagon seeks return of cash bonuses paid to California soldiers for going to war a decade ago.	1
Pentagon demands return of cash bonuses paid to California soldiers for going to war a decade ago	Pentagon demands return of cash bonuses paid to CA soldiers for going to war a decade ago	1
England will host the 2021 Rugby League World Cup More	England will host the Rugby League World Cup in 2021.	1
Group says New Jersey high school's police event sends ' frightening message	New Jersey high school's police event sends'frightening message', group says.	1
Anthony Weiner's name has resurfaced , and Democrats aren't happy . He is like a recurring nightmare .	Anthony Weiner's name has resurfaced, and Democrats aren't happy. He is like a recurring nightmare.	1
New Yorks governor signs bill that will impose steep fines on Airbnb hosts who break local housing regulations	New York governor signs new law imposing steep fines on Airbnb hosts who break local rental laws	1
Two powerful earthquakes hit Italy near site of August quake that killed nearly 300 people	2 powerful earthquakes hit Italy near site of August quake that killed nearly 300	1
Two powerful earthquakes hit Italy near site of August quake that killed nearly 300 people	Two powerful earthquakes hit Italy near site of August quake that killed nearly 300 people.	1
Two powerful earthquakes hit Italy near site of August quake that killed nearly 300 people	Two powerful earthquakes hit Italy near site of august quake that killed nearly 300	1
Sasha Obama took a snap of her father discussing #Snapchat . and posted it to her Snapchat friends	Sasha Obama took a snap of her father discussing Snapchat. and posted it to her Snapchat friends	1
First woman to climb Everest dies aged 77	Everest first woman to climb Everest died at 77.	1
First woman to climb Everest dies aged 77	Everest first woman to summit, dies at 77	1
Nearly 6,000 women responded to a NYT call-out about their lives in Saudi Arabia	Nearly 6,000 women responded to a New York Times call-out about their lives in Saudi Arabia	1
Clinton ally aided campaign of FBI official's wife	Clinton Ally Aided Campaign of FBI Official Wife	1
Donald Trump to Dana Bash That's " a very rude question	Donald Trump to Dana Bash That's'a very rude question.	1
Donald Trump to Dana Bash That's " a very rude question	Donald Trump to Dana Bash That's'a very rude question	1
Also known as White Dudes Getting Away With Crazy ShitCase #5 , 000,000,000,000,000	Also known as White Dudes Getting Away With Crazy ShitCase #5, 000,000,000,000,000,	1
Also known as White Dudes Getting Away With Crazy ShitCase #5 , 000,000,000,000,000	Also known as'White Dudes Getting Away With Crazy ShitCase #5, 000,000,000,000,000!	1
Also known as White Dudes Getting Away With Crazy ShitCase #5 , 000,000,000,000,000	White Dudes Getting Away With Crazy ShitCase #5, 000,000,000,000,000	1
Donald Trump has spent a fraction of what Hillary Clinton has on ads	Trump Spends a Fraction of What Clinton Has on Ads	1
The first black Chicago Cub in World Series history will bat first in Game 1	The first black Chicago Cub in World Series history will bat in Game 1 first	1
The first black Chicago Cub in World Series history will bat first in Game 1	The first black Chicago Cub in World Series history will bat first in Game 1.	1
Oregon standoff trial verdict All defendants not guilty .	Oregon standoff trial verdict All defendants not guilty	1
Oregon standoff trial verdict All defendants not guilty .	Oregon standoff trial verdict All defendants found not guilty.	1
Donald Trump says he is ready to spend much more of his own money before Election Day	Donald Trump says he will spend much more of his own money before Election Day	1
Donald Trump says he is ready to spend much more of his own money before Election Day	Donald Trump says he is prepared to spend much more of his own money before Election Day	1
Donald Trump says he is ready to spend much more of his own money before Election Day	Donald Trump is ready to spend much more of his own money before Election Day.	1
Donald Trump says he is ready to spend much more of his own money before Election Day	Trump says he is ready to spend much more of his own money before Election Day	1
Donald Trump says he is ready to spend much more of his own money before Election Day	Donald Trump is ready to spend much more of his own money before Election Day	1
Donald Trump says he is ready to spend much more of his own money before Election Day	Donald Trump says he's prepared to spend much more of his own money before Election Day.	1
Donald Trump says he is ready to spend much more of his own money before Election Day	Donald Trump has said he is ready to spend much more of his own money before Election Day	1
I used to love telling the story of how we met . But now I dont , so I wont	I Used to Love Telling the Story Of How We Met. But Now I Dont, So I Will	1
I used to love telling the story of how we met . But now I dont , so I wont	I Used to Love Telling the Story of How We Met. But Now I Dont, So I Won	1
I used to love telling the story of how we met . But now I dont , so I wont	I Used to Love Telling the Story of How We Met. But Now I Dont. So I Wont.	1
I used to love telling the story of how we met . But now I dont , so I wont	I Used To Love Telling The Story of How We Met, But Now I Dont, So I Will	1
I used to love telling the story of how we met . But now I dont , so I wont	I Used To Love Telling The Story of How We Met, But Now I Dont, So I Wont,	1
Here's how the Feds made the maps that crippled black neighborhoods	Here's how the Fed made the maps that crippled black neighborhoods	1
Trump takes aim at First Lady Michelle Obama	Donald Trump takes aim at First Lady Michelle Obama	1
A Trump employee is suing for extreme anti-gay harassment	One Trump employee is suing for extreme anti-gay harassment.	1
Apple reinvents the keyboard with their newest Macbook Pro	Apple reinvents the keyboard with their new MacBook Pro	1
Apple reinvents the keyboard with their newest Macbook Pro	Apple Redesigns the Keyboard with Their New Macbook Pro	1
Why pop culture just can't deal with black male sexuality	Why pop culture just can't deal with black male sexuality.	1
Why pop culture just can't deal with black male sexuality	Why pop culture just can't deal with black male sexuality?	1
Why paying $ 2,500 for " Hamilton " tickets is a good thing	Why Paid $ 2,500 for a Hamilton Ticket Is a Good Thing	1
Why paying $ 2,500 for " Hamilton " tickets is a good thing	Why paying 2,500 for'Hamilton'tickets is a good	1
Why paying $ 2,500 for " Hamilton " tickets is a good thing	Why Paying $ 2,500 for a Hamilton Ticket Is a Good Thing	1
Why paying $ 2,500 for " Hamilton " tickets is a good thing	Exactly why paying $ 2,500 for Hamilton tickets is a good thing.	1
Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani Obamacare is Obama fraud	Former NY mayor Rudy Giuliani says Obamacare is Obama fraud	1
Former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani Obamacare is Obama fraud	Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani Obamacare is Obama fraud	1
When Trump says the election's rigged , " he's saying your vote doesn't matter	When Trump Says the Election Is Rigged, I Say Your Vote Doesn't Matter	1
When Trump says the election's rigged , " he's saying your vote doesn't matter	When Donald Trump says the election is rigged, he's saying your vote doesn't matter	1
When Trump says the election's rigged , " he's saying your vote doesn't matter	When Trump says election is rigged,'he's saying your vote doesn't matter	1
When Trump says the election's rigged , " he's saying your vote doesn't matter	When Trump Says the Election Is Rigged,'He's Saying Your Vote Doesn't Matter	1
Hillarys new Humayun Khan ad is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	Hillary Clintons New Humayun Khan Ad Is Brutal to Watch and Devastatingly Effective	1
Hillarys new Humayun Khan ad is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	Hillary Clintons New Humayun Khan Ad Is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	1
Peter Thiel on Donald Trump Were at such a crucial point that you have to overlook personal characteristics	Peter Thiel on Donald Trump Were at such a Critical Moment That You Have to Overlook Personal Qualities	1
Peter Thiel on Donald Trump Were at such a crucial point that you have to overlook personal characteristics	Peter Thiel on Donald Trump'were at such a crucial point that you have to overlook personal characteristics.	1
Peter Thiel on Donald Trump Were at such a crucial point that you have to overlook personal characteristics	Peter Thiel On Donald Trump Were at such a Critical Moment that You Have to Overlook Personal Features.	1
Peter Thiel on Donald Trump Were at such a crucial point that you have to overlook personal characteristics	Peter Thiel on Donald Trump'were at a crucial point that you have to overlook personal characteristics	1
we need to order 50 t-shirts pink ? rose gold so pink yeah ? rose gold pin- ROSE GOLD .	We need to order 50 t-shirts pink? rose gold so pink yeah? rose gold pin- ROSE GOLD.	1
we need to order 50 t-shirts pink ? rose gold so pink yeah ? rose gold pin- ROSE GOLD .	we need to order 50 T-shirts pink? rose gold so pink yeah? rose gold pin-ROSE GOLD.	1
we need to order 50 t-shirts pink ? rose gold so pink yeah ? rose gold pin- ROSE GOLD .	I need to order 50 t-shirts pink? rose gold so pink yeah? rose gold pin- ROSE GOLD.	1
we need to order 50 t-shirts pink ? rose gold so pink yeah ? rose gold pin- ROSE GOLD .	We need to order 50 t-shirts pink? rose gold so pink yeah? rose gold pin- ROSE GOLD	1
we need to order 50 t-shirts pink ? rose gold so pink yeah ? rose gold pin- ROSE GOLD .	I need to order 50 t-shirts pink? rose gold so pink yeah? Rose gold pin- ROSE GOLD.	1
Hackers Used New Weapons to Disrupt Major Websites Across U.S.	Hackers Used New Weapons to Disrupt Major Websites Across US	1
Hackers Used New Weapons to Disrupt Major Websites Across U.S.	Hackers Used New Weapons to Disrupt Major Websites Across United States.	1
Republican women feel betrayed by their party . They won't soon forget it	Republican women feel betrayed by their party. They will not soon forget it.	1
People in careers like teaching can end up with retirement plans that whittle away their savings with excessive fees	People in teaching can end up with retirement plans that whittle away their savings with excessive fees.	1
People in careers like teaching can end up with retirement plans that whittle away their savings with excessive fees	People in teaching careers can end up with retirement plans that whittle away their savings with excessive fees	1
Donald Trump and family preview path to victory	Donald Trump and his family preview path to victory	1
Donald Trump and family preview path to victory	Trump and his family preview path to victory	1
Vatican issues guidelines on cremation , says no to scattering ashes	Vatican issues new guidelines on cremation, says no to scattering ashes.	1
Vatican issues guidelines on cremation , says no to scattering ashes	Vatican issues new guidelines on cremation, says no to scattering ashes. Vatican issues new guidelines on cremation, says no to scattering ashes.	1
David Duke thinks Assange is a hero	David Duke thinks Assange is a hero.	1
Clinton's advisers said they were not changing strategy to try to contain potential damage of the new FBI inquiry	Clinton's advisers say they will not change strategy to contain potential damage of the new FBI inquiry	1
Clinton's advisers said they were not changing strategy to try to contain potential damage of the new FBI inquiry	Clinton's advisers have said they are not changing strategy to try to contain potential damage of the new FBI inquiry	1
Clinton's advisers said they were not changing strategy to try to contain potential damage of the new FBI inquiry	Clintons advisers said they were not changing strategy to try to contain potential damage of the new FBI inquiry	1
Trump has done one good thing writes , arguing Trump has galvanized the Latino community	Trump has done one good thing, writes, arguing Trump has galvanized the Latino community.	1
Trump has done one good thing writes , arguing Trump has galvanized the Latino community	Trump has done one good thing, writes, arguing Trump has galvanized the Latino community	1
Trump has done one good thing writes , arguing Trump has galvanized the Latino community	Trump has done one good thing, writes arguing Trump has galvanized the Latino community	1
Trump has done one good thing writes , arguing Trump has galvanized the Latino community	Trump has done one good thing, writes arguing Trump has galvanized the Latino community.	1
Donald Trump lays out agenda for first 100 days of his presidency if he wins	Donald Trump lays out agenda for the first 100 days of his presidency if he wins	1
Donald Trump lays out agenda for first 100 days of his presidency if he wins	Trump lays out timeline for first 100 days of presidency if he wins	1
Donald Trump lays out agenda for first 100 days of his presidency if he wins	Trump lays out agenda for first 100 days of his presidency if he wins	1
Donald Trump lays out agenda for first 100 days of his presidency if he wins	If he wins, Donald Trump will set out a timeline for the first 100 days of his presidency.	1
Donald Trump has a 2-point edge over Hillary Clinton in a new Florida poll	Trump has a 2-point edge on Clinton in new Florida poll	1
Donald Trump has a 2-point edge over Hillary Clinton in a new Florida poll	Donald Trump has a 2 percentage point edge over Hillary Clinton in Floridas new Florida poll	1
Hillary Clinton called on the FBI to release more information about what it had found " without delay	Hillary Clinton CALLS ON THE FBI to Release More Information About What They Find'Without Decline	1
Hillary Clinton called on the FBI to release more information about what it had found " without delay	Hillary Clinton calls on FBI to release more information about what it found'without delay	1
What 5 colleges are doing to control student drinking and how students continue to sip , gulp and chug anyway	What 5 campuses are doing to control student drinking and how students continue to sip, gulp and chug	1
I've spent 4.5 hours debating Trump , " proving once again I have the stamina to be president .	I've spent 4.5 hours debating Trump, "proving once again I have the stamina to be president."	1
I've spent 4.5 hours debating Trump , " proving once again I have the stamina to be president .	" I've spent 4.5 hours debating Trump,'proving once again I have the stamina to be president.	1
I've spent 4.5 hours debating Trump , " proving once again I have the stamina to be president .	I've spent 4.5 hours debating Trump, " prove once again I have the stamina to be president.	1
One NYT reader's reaction to @aoscott's review of " Moonlight	One NYT reader's reaction to AoScott's review of'Moonlight	1
Musk on Tesla Network It's not Tesla vs Uber , it's the people vs U .	Musk on Tesla Network Its not Tesla vs Uber, it's the people vs u	1
Musk on Tesla Network It's not Tesla vs Uber , it's the people vs U .	Musk on Tesla Network It's not Tesla vs. Uber, it's the people vs.	1
Trump calls for " end illegal immigration act " to fund border wall , says Mexico will " reimburse " US for costs .	Trump calls for 'end illegal immigration act'to fund border wall, says Mexico will'reimburse'US for costs.	1
Trump calls for " end illegal immigration act " to fund border wall , says Mexico will " reimburse " US for costs .	Mr. Trump calls for " end illegal immigration act " to fund border wall, says Mexico will " reimburse " US for costs ".	1
Trump calls for " end illegal immigration act " to fund border wall , says Mexico will " reimburse " US for costs .	president-elect Trump calls for'end illegal immigration act'to fund border wall, says Mexico will'reimburse'US for costs.	1
Trump calls for " end illegal immigration act " to fund border wall , says Mexico will " reimburse " US for costs .	Trump calls for 'end illegal immigration act'to fund border wall. He says Mexico will " reimburse " US for costs.	1
Trump calls for " end illegal immigration act " to fund border wall , says Mexico will " reimburse " US for costs .	Trump calls for " end illegal immigration act " to fund border wall, says Mexico will " reimburse " US for costs	1
After Manning and Snowden , the NSA added new safeguards . So how did Harold Martin walk out with so much material ?	After Manning and Snowden, the NSA added new safeguards How did Harold Martin walk out with so much material?	1
After Manning and Snowden , the NSA added new safeguards . So how did Harold Martin walk out with so much material ?	After Manning and Snowden, the NSA added new safeguards. So how did Harold Martin walk out with so much material?	1
Is there anything Las Vegas officials wouldn't do to land an NFL team ? Sure doesn't look that way .	Is there anything Vegas officials would NOT do to land an NFL team? Sure doesn't look that way.	1
Is there anything Las Vegas officials wouldn't do to land an NFL team ? Sure doesn't look that way .	Surely there is something Las Vegas officials would not do to land an NFL team? Sure doesnt look that way.	1
Is there anything Las Vegas officials wouldn't do to land an NFL team ? Sure doesn't look that way .	Is There Anything Las Vegas Officials Wouldnt Do to Land an NFL Team? Sure Doesnt Look That Way.	1
Is there anything Las Vegas officials wouldn't do to land an NFL team ? Sure doesn't look that way .	Is there anything Las Vegas officials would not do to land an NFL team? Sure doesn't look that way.	1
Is there anything Las Vegas officials wouldn't do to land an NFL team ? Sure doesn't look that way .	Is there anything Las Vegas officials wouldn't do to land an NFL team? It Sure Doesnt Look That Way.	1
Is there anything Las Vegas officials wouldn't do to land an NFL team ? Sure doesn't look that way .	Is there anything officials in Las Vegas wouldn't do to land an NFL team? Sure doesn't look that way.	1
Is there anything Las Vegas officials wouldn't do to land an NFL team ? Sure doesn't look that way .	Is there anything Las Vegas officials wouldn't do to land an NFL team? Sure doesn't look that way.	1
Is there anything Las Vegas officials wouldn't do to land an NFL team ? Sure doesn't look that way .	Is there anything officials would never do in Las Vegas to land a NFL team? Sure doesn't look that way.	1
Is there anything Las Vegas officials wouldn't do to land an NFL team ? Sure doesn't look that way .	Is there anything Las Vegas officials wouldn't do to land an NFL team? Sure doesn't look that way	1
Groupon is buying LivingSocial , plans to downsize business to 15 markets from 27	Groupon to Buy LivingSocial, Plans to Downsize Business to 15 Markets From 27	1
Groupon is buying LivingSocial , plans to downsize business to 15 markets from 27	Groupon is buying LivingSocial, Plans to downsize business to 15 markets From 27	1
Groupon is buying LivingSocial , plans to downsize business to 15 markets from 27	Groupon is buying LivingSocial and plans to downsize business to 15 markets from 27.	1
Groupon is buying LivingSocial , plans to downsize business to 15 markets from 27	Groupon is buying LivingSocial, plans to downsize business to 15 markets from 27	1
Groupon is buying LivingSocial , plans to downsize business to 15 markets from 27	Groupon to buy LivingSocial, plans to downsize business to 15 markets from 27	1
Apple delays AirPod rollout , don't expect them in October	Apple delays AirPod rollout, don't expect them in October	1
A mans partner died 2 years ago , and he may not inherit the West Village brownstone they shared for over 5 decades	One man's partner died 2 years ago and he may not inherit the West Village brownstone they shared for over 5 decades.	1
Twitter finally stops counting usernames against reply character limits	Twitter finally stops counting usernames against reply character limits!	1
Twitter finally stops counting usernames against reply character limits	Twitter finally stops counting usernames against reply character limits.	1
The GOPs #SCOTUS blockade is worse than anything Trump might do after Election Day	The GOPs SCOTUS Blockade Is Worse Than Anything Trump Might Do After Election Day	1
They're going to do whatever needs to be done to get her out of office , because she does not belong there	They're going to do whatever needs to be done to get her out of office, because she does not belong there	1
They're going to do whatever needs to be done to get her out of office , because she does not belong there	They're going to do whatever it takes to get her out of office, because she does not belong there.	1
They're going to do whatever needs to be done to get her out of office , because she does not belong there	They're going to do whatever needs to be done to get her out of office, because she does not belong there.	1
They're going to do whatever needs to be done to get her out of office , because she does not belong there	They're going to do whatever it needs to be to get her out of office, because she does not belong there.	1
They're going to do whatever needs to be done to get her out of office , because she does not belong there	They're going to do whatever needs to be done to get her out of office. She does not belong there	1
They're going to do whatever needs to be done to get her out of office , because she does not belong there	They're going to do whatever needs to be done to get her out of office. She does not belong there.	1
They're going to do whatever needs to be done to get her out of office , because she does not belong there	They're going to do whatever it needs to be to get her out of office, because she does not belong there	1
They're going to do whatever needs to be done to get her out of office , because she does not belong there	They're going to do whatever needs to be done to get her out of office. She doesn't belong there.	1
Dyn DNS DDoS likely the work of script kiddies , says FlashPoint	Dyn DNS DDoS likely the work of script-kiddies, says FlashPoint	1
Dyn DNS DDoS likely the work of script kiddies , says FlashPoint	Dyn DNS DDoS is likely the work of script kiddies, says FlashPoint	1
Dyn DNS DDoS likely the work of script kiddies , says FlashPoint	Dyn, DNS DDoS likely the work of script kiddies, says FlashPoint	1
Dyn DNS DDoS likely the work of script kiddies , says FlashPoint	Dyn DNS DDoS likely the work of script kiddies, says FlashPoint	1
Dyn DNS DDoS likely the work of script kiddies , says FlashPoint	Dyn DNS DDoS probably the work of script kiddies, says FlashPoint	1
Dyn DNS DDoS likely the work of script kiddies , says FlashPoint	Dyn's DNS DDoS likely the work of script kiddies, says FlashPoint	1
Twitter has an old media problem . Heres a solution .	Twitter has an old media problem. Heres a solution	1
Twitter has an old media problem . Heres a solution .	Twitter has an old media problem: Heres a solution	1
What does Donald Trump do when he thinks no one's looking ? Watch this GIF to find out	What Does Donald Trump Do When He Thinks No One Looks? Watch this GIF to find out.	1
What does Donald Trump do when he thinks no one's looking ? Watch this GIF to find out	What Does Donald Trump Do When He Thinks No One Is Looking? Watch this GIF to find out.	1
What does Donald Trump do when he thinks no one's looking ? Watch this GIF to find out	What Does Trump Do When He Thinks No One Is Looking? Watch This GIF to Find Out	1
As Artificial Intelligence Evolves , So Does Its Criminal Potential	As Artificial Intelligence Emerges, So Does Its Criminal Potential.	1
Americans support some gun restrictions , like broader background checks	Americans support gun restrictions, including expanded background checks	1
Americans support some gun restrictions , like broader background checks	Americans Support Gun Control, including More General Background Checks	1
Americans support some gun restrictions , like broader background checks	Americans Support Gun Control Laws, Like a Broader Background Check	1
Americans support some gun restrictions , like broader background checks	Americans support gun restrictions, like broader background checks	1
Trump said women get abortions days before birth . Doctors say they dont .	Trump Says Women Get Abortions Days Before Birth. Docs Say They Dont.	1
Trump said women get abortions days before birth . Doctors say they dont .	Trump Said Women Get Abortions Days Before Birth. Doctors Say They Dont.	1
Trump said women get abortions days before birth . Doctors say they dont .	Trump Says Women Get Abortions Days Before Birth. Doctors Say They Dont.	1
Trump said women get abortions days before birth . Doctors say they dont .	Trump said women get abortions days before birth. Doctors say they dont.	1
Trump said women get abortions days before birth . Doctors say they dont .	Trump argued women get abortions days before birth. Doctors say they dont.	1
Trump said women get abortions days before birth . Doctors say they dont .	Donald Trump Says Women Get Abortions Days Before Birth. Doctors Say They Dont.	1
Trump said women get abortions days before birth . Doctors say they dont .	President-elect Donald Trump has warned women to get abortions days before the birth. Doctors say they dont.	1
The presidential debate in song , by Weird Al Yankovic and the Gregory Brothers	presidential debate in song, by Weird Al Yankovic and the Gregory Brothers	1
The presidential debate in song , by Weird Al Yankovic and the Gregory Brothers	The Presidential debate in song by Weird Al Yankovic and the Gregory Brothers	1
The presidential debate in song , by Weird Al Yankovic and the Gregory Brothers	The presidential debate in song, by Weird Al Yankovic and the Gregory Brothers	1
The presidential debate in song , by Weird Al Yankovic and the Gregory Brothers	The Presidential Debate in Song, by Weird Al Yankovic and the Gregory Brothers	1
The presidential debate in song , by Weird Al Yankovic and the Gregory Brothers	Presidential debate in song by Weird Al Yankovic and the Gregory Brothers	1
The presidential debate in song , by Weird Al Yankovic and the Gregory Brothers	The Presidential Debate in Song by Weird Al Yankovic and the Gregory Brothers	1
The presidential debate in song , by Weird Al Yankovic and the Gregory Brothers	The presidential debate in song by Weird Al Yankovic and the Gregory Brothers	1
A few of our favorite new scary books .	A selection of my favorite new scary books.	1
A few of our favorite new scary books .	Several of our favorite new scary books.	1
A few of our favorite new scary books .	A few of our favorite new scary books	1
Lawyer accuses Justice Thomas of groping her at a party in 1999	Lawyer Accuses Justice Thomas of Groping Her at Party in 1999	1
Lawyer accuses Justice Thomas of groping her at a party in 1999	lawyer Accuses Justice Thomas of Groping Her at Party in 1999	1
Lawyer accuses Justice Thomas of groping her at a party in 1999	Lawyer accuses Justice Thomas of groping her at party in 1999	1
Lawyer accuses Justice Thomas of groping her at a party in 1999	Lawyer Accuses Justice Thomas of Groping Her at Party in 1999.	1
Obama administration says premiums will go up by double-digit percentages next year .	The Obama Administration has said premiums will rise by double-digit percentages over the next 12 months.	1
Obama administration says premiums will go up by double-digit percentages next year .	Obama administration says premiums will go up by double-digit percentages next year.	1
Obama administration says premiums will go up by double-digit percentages next year .	Obama Administration says premiums will go up by double-digit percentages next year	1
Bill Belichick is not using a tablet on the Patriots ' sideline .	Bill Belichick is not using a tablet on the Patriots sideline	1
Bill Belichick is not using a tablet on the Patriots ' sideline .	Bill Belichick is not using a tablet on the Patriots sideline.	1
Bill Belichick is not using a tablet on the Patriots ' sideline .	Bill Belichick does not use a tablet on the Patriots sideline.	1
What we learned from 5 hours of Trump on tape	What We Learned From Five Hours of Trump on Tape.	1
What we learned from 5 hours of Trump on tape	What We Learned From Five Hours of Trump on Tape	1
Cleveland Indians take 1st game of the World Series from the Cubs 6-0 behind 2 Roberto Perez homers New York Times	Cleveland Indians take 1st game of the World Series from Cubs 6-0 behind 2 Roberto Perez homers New York Times	1
Cleveland Indians take 1st game of the World Series from the Cubs 6-0 behind 2 Roberto Perez homers New York Times	Cleveland Indians Take 1st Game of the World Series from Cubs 6-0 Behind 2 Roberto Perez Homers New York Times	1
Cleveland Indians take 1st game of the World Series from the Cubs 6-0 behind 2 Roberto Perez homers New York Times	New York Times New York Times Cleveland Indians take 1st game of World Series from Cubs 6-0 behind 2 Roberto Perez homers	1
We need a Latino Spring in this country , @JohnLeguizamo writes	We need a Latino Spring in this country, writes @JohnLeguizamo	1
An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago . It was a dinosaur brain .	An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble about 10 years ago. Turns out it was a dinosaur brain.	1
An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago . It was a dinosaur brain .	An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago. Turns out it was a dinosaur brain.	1
An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago . It was a dinosaur brain .	An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago. It was a dinosaur brain.	1
An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago . It was a dinosaur brain .	An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago. It was a dinosaur brain!	1
An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago . It was a dinosaur brain .	An amateur fossil hunter found what looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago. It was a dinosaur brain.	1
An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago . It was a dinosaur brain .	An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago, and it was a dinosaur brain.	1
An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago . It was a dinosaur brain .	An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble over 10 years ago: a dinosaur brain.	1
An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago . It was a dinosaur brain .	An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago: It was a dinosaur brain.	1
An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago . It was a dinosaur brain .	An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago. It was a dinosaur brain	1
An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago . It was a dinosaur brain .	An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago : It was a dinosaur brain	1
An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago . It was a dinosaur brain .	An amateur fossil hunter found something that looked like a pebble more than 10 years ago: A dinosaur brain.	1
How Hillary Clinton is pressing her advantage over a struggling Donald Trump	How Hillary Clinton Presses Her Advantage Over a Struggling Donald Trump	1
Bundy brothers and 5 of their followers were acquitted in takeover of Oregon wildlife refuge	Bundy brothers, 5 of their followers acquitted in takeover of Oregon wildlife refuge	1
Indians 7 , Cubs 2 Indians Rout Cubs and Move to Within One Win of Series Title	Indians 7 -- Cubs 2 Indians Rout Cubs and Move to Within One Win of Series Title	1
Missed Trump and Clinton at the Al Smith charity dinner ? Here are the highlights .	Missed Trump and Clinton at Al Smith Charity Dinner? Here Are The Highlights.	1
Missed Trump and Clinton at the Al Smith charity dinner ? Here are the highlights .	Missed Trump and Clinton at Al Smith Charity Dinner? Here are the highlights.	1
Democrats just don't want to live where they'd need to live to turn more of the map blue	The Democrats don't want to live where they'd need to live to turn more of the blue of the map	1
Democrats just don't want to live where they'd need to live to turn more of the map blue	Democrats don't want to live where they'd need to live to turn more of the map blue.	1
Women ' nearing equality with men in alcohol consumption	Women'nearing equality with men in alcohol consumption.	1
WikiLeaks has made a Clinton insider into something of a cult hero among Trump supporters	WikiLeaks has turned a Clinton insider into a cult hero among Trump supporters.	1
He had a child die , and he chose to become a father again	He had a child die, and he chose to become a father again.	1
He had a child die , and he chose to become a father again	He had a child die and he chose to become a father again	1
He had a child die , and he chose to become a father again	He had a child die, and chose to become a father again	1
A Montana judge has drawn criticism for giving a 60-day sentence to a man who had sex with his preteen daughter	A Montana judge has drawn criticism for giving a 60-day sentence to a man who had sex with his preteen daughter.	1
Donald Trump has a 2-point edge in a new Florida poll	Donald Trump has a 2-point edge in new Florida poll	1
Chelsea Clintons frustrations and devotion shown in hacked emails	Chelsea Clinton's frustrations and devotion shown in hacked emails.	1
Chelsea Clintons frustrations and devotion shown in hacked emails	Chelsea Clintons Frustrations and Devotion Showed in Hacked Emails	1
Chelsea Clintons frustrations and devotion shown in hacked emails	Chelsea Clintons frustrations and devotion show in hacked emails	1
Chelsea Clintons frustrations and devotion shown in hacked emails	Chelsea Clinton's frustrations and devotion show in hacked emails	1
What the Clinton-Trump race feels like for firs t-t ime voters	What the Clinton-Trump race feels like for firs t-t ime voters.	1
That drink saved my life ; it's a game changer . Khalil Rafati is 46 , but he shouldn't be . He should be dead .	That drink saved my life, its a game changer. Khalil Rafati is 46, but he shouldnt be. He should be dead.	1
That drink saved my life ; it's a game changer . Khalil Rafati is 46 , but he shouldn't be . He should be dead .	This drink saved my life, it's a game changer. Khalil Rafati is 46, but he shouldn't be. He should be dead.	1
That drink saved my life ; it's a game changer . Khalil Rafati is 46 , but he shouldn't be . He should be dead .	The drink saved my life, it's a game changer Khalil Rafati is 46, but he shouldn't be. He should be dead.	1
That drink saved my life ; it's a game changer . Khalil Rafati is 46 , but he shouldn't be . He should be dead .	That drink saved my life; it's a game changer. Khalil Rafati is 46, but he shouldn't be. He should be dead.	1
Deep down I didnt want to have children , but I kept limping toward motherhood anyway	Deep down I didnt want to have children, but I kept limping toward motherhood anyway.	1
Deep down I didnt want to have children , but I kept limping toward motherhood anyway	I knew I didnt want to have children, but I kept limping towards motherhood anyway.	1
Deep down I didnt want to have children , but I kept limping toward motherhood anyway	Deep down I didnt want to have children, but I kept limping toward motherhood anyways.	1
Deep down I didnt want to have children , but I kept limping toward motherhood anyway	I didnt want to have children, but I kept limping toward motherhood.	1
Deep down I didnt want to have children , but I kept limping toward motherhood anyway	A deep down I didnt want to have children, but I kept limping towards motherhood anyway.	1
Deep down I didnt want to have children , but I kept limping toward motherhood anyway	I didnt want to have kids, but I kept limping towards motherhood anyway.	1
Deep down I didnt want to have children , but I kept limping toward motherhood anyway	I didnt want to have kids, but I kept limping toward motherhood.	1
Deep down I didnt want to have children , but I kept limping toward motherhood anyway	Deep down I didnt want to have children, but I kept limping towards motherhood anyway	1
Videos by a conservative group show Democratic operatives discussing unseemly tactics	Video by a conservative group shows Democratic operatives discussing unseemly tactics	1
Apple's annual sales fall for the first time since 2001	Apple's annual sales fall for first time since 2001	1
Apple's annual sales fall for the first time since 2001	Apple's annual sales fall for first time since 2001.	1
Apple's annual sales fall for the first time since 2001	Apple's annual sales fall for the first time since 2001.	1
Webcams used to attack Reddit and Twitter last week have been recalled	Webcams used to attack Reddit and Twitter last week recalled.	1
Webcams used to attack Reddit and Twitter last week have been recalled	Webcams used to attack Reddit and Twitter during the past week have been recalled.	1
Webcams used to attack Reddit and Twitter last week have been recalled	Webcams used to attack Twitter and Reddit last week recalled	1
The number of galaxies in the universe has become even more unfathomable	The number of galaxies in the universe is even more unfathomable!	1
The number of galaxies in the universe has become even more unfathomable	The number of galaxies in the universe has become even more unfathomable.	1
FBI Director James Comey may have violated the Hatch Act	FBI director James Comey may have broken the Hatch Act.	1
FBI Director James Comey may have violated the Hatch Act	FBI director James Comey may have harmed the Hatch Act	1
FBI Director James Comey may have violated the Hatch Act	FBI director James Comey may have broken the Hatch Act	1
Donald Trump on Biden He called me to the back of the gym . I dream about that .	Donald Trump on Biden He called me to the back of the gym. I dream about that.	1
Donald Trump on Biden He called me to the back of the gym . I dream about that .	Trump on Biden He called me to the back of the gym. I dream about that.	1
Donald Trump deemed " SNL " a " hit job " last week . The show , and Tom Hanks , wasted no time in skewering him again .	Donald Trump Considered SNL a " Hit Job " Last Week. The Show, and Tom Hanks, Went No Time in Skewering Him Again	1
Donald Trump deemed " SNL " a " hit job " last week . The show , and Tom Hanks , wasted no time in skewering him again .	Trump deemed SNL'a " hit job'last week The show, and Tom Hanks, wasted no time in skewering him again	1
It took a deep dive into sound design to make me interested in Gears of War	It took a deep dive into sound design to make me interested in Gears of War.	1
It took a deep dive into sound design to make me interested in Gears of War	It took a deep dive into sound design to get me interested in Gears of War.	1
It took a deep dive into sound design to make me interested in Gears of War	It took a deep dive into sound design to get me interested in Gears of War	1
Prisoners across the United States are protesting a system they say treats them like slaves .	Prisoners across the United States are protesting a system they say treats them like slaves.	1
When Gareth ordered the cake he was discriminated against Dr Michael Wardlow	When Gareth ordered the cake, he was discriminated against Dr Michael Wardlow	1
When Gareth ordered the cake he was discriminated against Dr Michael Wardlow	When Gareth ordered the cake, he was discriminated against Dr. Michael Wardlow	1
When Gareth ordered the cake he was discriminated against Dr Michael Wardlow	When Gareth ordered the cake he was discriminated against Dr Michael Wardlow.	1
When Gareth ordered the cake he was discriminated against Dr Michael Wardlow	When Gareth Ordered The Cake, He Was Discriminated Against Dr Michael Wardlow	1
When Gareth ordered the cake he was discriminated against Dr Michael Wardlow	When Gareth ordered the cake, he was discriminated against Dr Michael Wardlow.	1
When Gareth ordered the cake he was discriminated against Dr Michael Wardlow	When Gareth Ordered the Cake, He Was Discriminated Against Dr Michael Wardlow	1
When Gareth ordered the cake he was discriminated against Dr Michael Wardlow	When Gareth ordered the cake he was discriminated against Dr. Michael Wardlow	1
When Gareth ordered the cake he was discriminated against Dr Michael Wardlow	When Gareth Ordered Cake, He Was Discriminated Against Dr Michael Wardlow	1
When Gareth ordered the cake he was discriminated against Dr Michael Wardlow	When Gareth Ordered the Cake, He Was Discriminated against Dr Michael Wardlow	1
When Gareth ordered the cake he was discriminated against Dr Michael Wardlow	When Gareth ordered the cake he was discriminated against Dr. Michael Wardlow.	1
Is it time for Wonder Woman to hang up her bathing suit ?	Is it Time for Wonder Woman to Hang Up Her Bathing Suit?	1
Is it time for Wonder Woman to hang up her bathing suit ?	Is it time for Wonder Woman to hang her bathing suit?	1
Is it time for Wonder Woman to hang up her bathing suit ?	Is it time for Wonder Woman to hang up her bathing suit?	1
Conservationists aim to save remote seabird colony with eradication campaign	Conservationists aim to save remote seabird colony by eradicating campaign	1
Conservationists aim to save remote seabird colony with eradication campaign	Conservationists hope to save remote seabird colony with eradication campaign	1
The FBI discovered Clinton-related emails weeks ago , law enforcement officials tell CNN	FBI found Clinton-related emails weeks ago, law enforcement officials tell CNN	1
The FBI discovered Clinton-related emails weeks ago , law enforcement officials tell CNN	The FBI discovered Clinton-related emails weeks ago, law enforcement officials tell CNN.	1
The FBI discovered Clinton-related emails weeks ago , law enforcement officials tell CNN	FBI discovered Clinton-related emails weeks ago, law enforcement officials tell CNN	1
The FBI discovered Clinton-related emails weeks ago , law enforcement officials tell CNN	FBI stumbled upon Clinton-related emails weeks ago, law enforcement officials tell CNN	1
The FBI discovered Clinton-related emails weeks ago , law enforcement officials tell CNN	FBI discovered Clinton-related emails weeks ago, Law Enforcement Officials Tell CNN	1
Junya Watanabe , one of fashion's foremost thinkers , sits down for a rare interview	Junya Watanabe, One of Fashions Greatest Thinkers, Sits Down For a Rare Interview	1
Junya Watanabe , one of fashion's foremost thinkers , sits down for a rare interview	Junya Watanabe, one of Fashions Greatest Thinkers, Sits Down for a Rare Interview	1
Junya Watanabe , one of fashion's foremost thinkers , sits down for a rare interview	Junya Watanabe, One of Fashions Greatest Thinkers, Sits Down for a rare interview	1
Junya Watanabe , one of fashion's foremost thinkers , sits down for a rare interview	Junya Watanabe, One of Fashions Leading Thinkers, Sits Down for a Rare Interview	1
Junya Watanabe , one of fashion's foremost thinkers , sits down for a rare interview	Junya Watanabe, One of Fashions Greatest Thinkers, Sits Down For A Rare Interview	1
Junya Watanabe , one of fashion's foremost thinkers , sits down for a rare interview	Junya Watanabe, Top Fashion Thinker, Sits Down for a Rare Interview	1
Junya Watanabe , one of fashion's foremost thinkers , sits down for a rare interview	One of Fashion's Leading Thinkers, Junya Watanabe Sits Down for a Rare Interview	1
Junya Watanabe , one of fashion's foremost thinkers , sits down for a rare interview	Junya Watanabe, Fashion's Most Influential Thinker, Sits Down for a Rare Interview	1
Election Day could produce the biggest gender gap in decades	Election Day could bring the biggest gender gap in decades	1
Election Day could produce the biggest gender gap in decades	Election Day Could Lead to Biggest Gender Gap in Decades	1
Donald Trump was booed during his speech at the Al Smith dinner .	Donald Trump Was Booed During His Speech at the Al Smith Dinner	1
Donald Trump was booed during his speech at the Al Smith dinner .	Donald Trump was booed during his speech at the Al Smith dinner	1
Donald Trump was booed during his speech at the Al Smith dinner .	Donald Trump was booed during his speech at the Al Smith Dinner	1
Donald Trump was booed during his speech at the Al Smith dinner .	Donald Trump Was Booed During His Al Smith Dinner Speech	1
Texas voters claim machines switching their votes	Texas voters claim machine switching their votes.	1
Texas voters claim machines switching their votes	Texas voters claim machines switching their votes.	1
The man who shouted " Jew-S-A " is " deplorable " says Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway	Man who yelled Jew-S-A'is'deplorable'says Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway	1
A woman was sentenced to 20 years in prison for poisoning her friends coffee at an upscale Jakarta cafe	A woman was sentenced to 20 years in prison for poisoning her friends coffee at an upscale Jakarta cafe.	1
A woman was sentenced to 20 years in prison for poisoning her friends coffee at an upscale Jakarta cafe	A woman was sentenced 20 years in prison for poisoning her friends coffee at an upscale Jakarta cafe.	1
A woman was sentenced to 20 years in prison for poisoning her friends coffee at an upscale Jakarta cafe	A woman was sentenced to 20 years in prison after poisoning her friends coffee at an upscale Jakarta cafe.	1
Second life ' for baby girl left to die on the streets of India	Second life'for India baby girl left to die on the streets	1
My name was on the ' queer list , ' which the police had in those days . And I will not accept a pardon .	My name was on the  Queer List '' which the police had in those days. And I will not accept a pardon.	1
My name was on the ' queer list , ' which the police had in those days . And I will not accept a pardon .	My name was on the  queer list '' which the police had in those days. And I won't accept a pardon.	1
My name was on the ' queer list , ' which the police had in those days . And I will not accept a pardon .	My name was on the  queer '' list that the police had in those days. And I will not accept a pardon.	1
My name was on the ' queer list , ' which the police had in those days . And I will not accept a pardon .	My name was on the queer list which the police had in those days. And I will not accept a pardon.	1
My name was on the ' queer list , ' which the police had in those days . And I will not accept a pardon .	My name was on the'queer'list that the police had in those days, and I will not accept a pardon.	1
My name was on the ' queer list , ' which the police had in those days . And I will not accept a pardon .	My name was on the  queer list '' that the police had in those days. And I will not accept a pardon.	1
My name was on the ' queer list , ' which the police had in those days . And I will not accept a pardon .	My name was on the  queer list '' which the police had in those days. And I will not accept a pardon.	1
My name was on the ' queer list , ' which the police had in those days . And I will not accept a pardon .	My name was on the Queer List, which the police had in those days. And I will not accept a Pardon.	1
My name was on the ' queer list , ' which the police had in those days . And I will not accept a pardon .	My name was on the'queer list'which the police had in those days. And I will not accept a pardon.	1
My name was on the ' queer list , ' which the police had in those days . And I will not accept a pardon .	My name was on the'queer list'that the police had in those days. And I will not accept a pardon.	1
My name was on the ' queer list , ' which the police had in those days . And I will not accept a pardon .	My name was on the Queer List, which the Police had in those days, and I will not accept a pardon.	1
My name was on the ' queer list , ' which the police had in those days . And I will not accept a pardon .	My name was on the queer list, which the police had in those days. And I will not accept a pardon.	1
My name was on the ' queer list , ' which the police had in those days . And I will not accept a pardon .	My name was on the  queer list '' which the police had in those days, and I will not accept a pardon.	1
My name was on the ' queer list , ' which the police had in those days . And I will not accept a pardon .	My name was on the  queer '' list, which the police had in those days. And I will not accept a pardon.	1
My name was on the ' queer list , ' which the police had in those days . And I will not accept a pardon .	My name was on the  Queer '' list, which the police had in those days. And I will not accept a pardon.	1
My name was on the ' queer list , ' which the police had in those days . And I will not accept a pardon .	My name was on the'queer list'which the police had in those days, and I will not accept a pardon.	1
My name was on the ' queer list , ' which the police had in those days . And I will not accept a pardon .	My name was on the  queer '' list, which the police had in those days, and I will not accept a pardon.	1
My name was on the ' queer list , ' which the police had in those days . And I will not accept a pardon .	My name was on the Queer List, which the police had in those days. And I will not accept a pardon.	1
My name was on the ' queer list , ' which the police had in those days . And I will not accept a pardon .	My name was on the  queer '' list which the police had in those days. And I will not accept a pardon.	1
ObamaCare premium hikes fuel Trump , GOP case in key swing states	ObamaCare premium hikes fuel Trump, GOP case in key swing states	1
Bob Dylan won the Nobel Prize in Literature . No one knows how he feels about it .	Bob Dylan Won Nobel Prize in Literature. No one knows how he feels about it.	1
Bob Dylan won the Nobel Prize in Literature . No one knows how he feels about it .	Bob Dylan Won Nobel Prize in Literature. No one knows what he feels.	1
Bob Dylan won the Nobel Prize in Literature . No one knows how he feels about it .	Bob Dylan won Nobel Prize in Literature. Nobody knows how he feels about it.	1
Bob Dylan won the Nobel Prize in Literature . No one knows how he feels about it .	Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize in Literature. Nobody knows how he feels about it.	1
Bob Dylan won the Nobel Prize in Literature . No one knows how he feels about it .	Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize in Literature. No one knows how he feels about it.	1
Bob Dylan won the Nobel Prize in Literature . No one knows how he feels about it .	Bob Dylan Won Nobel Prize in Literature, No One Knows How He Feels About It	1
Bob Dylan won the Nobel Prize in Literature . No one knows how he feels about it .	Bob Dylan Wins Nobel Prize in Literature, and No One Knows How He Feels About It	1
British banker Rurik Jutting pleads not guilty to Hong Kong murders .	British banker Rurik Jutting has pleads not guilty to a series of murders in Hong Kong.	1
Fake news has become a plague on the web , says @brianstelter . Triple check before you share .	Fake news has become a plague on the web, @brianstelter says. triple check before you share.	1
Fake news has become a plague on the web , says @brianstelter . Triple check before you share .	Fake news has become a plague on the web, says @briantelter. Triple check before you share.	1
Fake news has become a plague on the web , says @brianstelter . Triple check before you share .	Fake news has become a plague on the web, says @brianstelter. Triple check before you share.	1
Fake news has become a plague on the web , says @brianstelter . Triple check before you share .	Fake news is becoming a plague on the web, says @brianstelter. Triple check before you share.	1
In buying the home of HBO and CNN , AT & T would create a colossus that produces content and distributes it to millions	In buying the home of HBO and CNN, AT & T would create a colossus that produces content and distributes it to millions	1
has different questions that clearly indicate twice that illegal aliens ar	have different questions that clearly indicate twice that illegal aliens are	1
How to talk to your therapist about election anxiety	Talking to Your Therapist About Election Anxiety	1
US election 2016 We are behind , says Trump campaign	US election 2016 We Are Behind, Says Trump Campaign	1
US election 2016 We are behind , says Trump campaign	US election 2016 We are behind, says Trump campaign	1
US election 2016 We are behind , says Trump campaign	The US election in 2016 We are behind, says Donald Trump's campaign	1
US election 2016 We are behind , says Trump campaign	Trump campaign says US election 2016 We are behind	1
How some women are fighting for change in Saudi Arabia	How some women are fighting for change in Saudi Arabia.	1
Kids are going crazy over this game	Kids going crazy over this game.	1
Walk of Fame star destroyed , police investigate	Walk of Fame star destroyed, police investigate	1
You wont be able to do it for the Vine much longer	You wont be able to do it for the Vine much longer.	1
You wont be able to do it for the Vine much longer	You won't be able to do it for the Vine much longer.	1
Trump campaign ends fundraising events meant to support Republican Party's get-ou t-t he-vote efforts	Trump campaign discontinues fundraising events meant to support Republican Party's get-ou-t-he-vote efforts	1
Trump campaign ends fundraising events meant to support Republican Party's get-ou t-t he-vote efforts	Trump campaign ends fundraising events meant to support the Republican Party's get-ou-t-he-vote efforts	1
The Alt-Right conspiracy image generator , by @Beschizza .	The Alt Right conspiracy image generator, by @Beschizza.	1
The Alt-Right conspiracy image generator , by @Beschizza .	The Alt Right conspiracy image generator by @Beschizza.	1
The Alt-Right conspiracy image generator , by @Beschizza .	The Alt Right conspiracy photo generator, by @Beschizza.	1
The Alt-Right conspiracy image generator , by @Beschizza .	Alt Right conspiracy image generator, by @Beschizza.	1
The Alt-Right conspiracy image generator , by @Beschizza .	The Alt Right conspiracy image generator of @Beschizza.	1
Defense Secretary Carter suspends Pentagons demand of the return of cash bonuses to California soldiers	Defense Secretary John Carter suspends Pentagons demand of the return of cash bonuses to California soldier	1
Defense Secretary Carter suspends Pentagons demand of the return of cash bonuses to California soldiers	Secretary of Defense Carter suspends Pentagons demand of the return of cash bonuses to California soldiers	1
Defense Secretary Carter suspends Pentagons demand of the return of cash bonuses to California soldiers	Secretary of Defense Jimmy Carter suspends Pentagons demand of return of cash bonuses to California soldiers	1
One-Liners Abound at the Al Smith Dinner	One-liners abound at Al Smith Dinner	1
The best way to save Obamacare ? The public option .	The Best Way to Save Obamacare? The Public Option	1
The best way to save Obamacare ? The public option .	The Best Way to Save Obamacare? The Public Option.	1
Steel ladder to connect cliff-top Chinese village with the outside world	Steel ladder to connect cliff-top Chinese village with outside world	1
Is our Fox News hosts learning ?	Is our Fox News hosts learning?	1
Is our Fox News hosts learning ?	Is Our Fox News Hosts Learning?	1
Is our Fox News hosts learning ?	Is our Fox News host learning?	1
Is our Fox News hosts learning ?	Are our Fox News hosts learning?	1
Students at prestigious Boston school claim dress code perpetuates rape culture	Students at prestigious Boston school claim dress code perpetuates rape culture.	1
Trump going after Obama at FL rally All he does is campaign	Trump going after Obama at FL rally, all he does is campaign	1
Trump going after Obama at FL rally All he does is campaign	Trump goes after Obama at FL rally All he does is campaign	1
Friday's internet slowdown offered a glimpse at a new era of online attacks powered by everyday devices	Friday's internet slowdown provided a glimpse at a new era of online attacks powered by everyday devices	1
Friday's internet slowdown offered a glimpse at a new era of online attacks powered by everyday devices	Internet slowdown on Friday offered a glimpse at a new era of online attacks powered by everyday devices	1
Friday's internet slowdown offered a glimpse at a new era of online attacks powered by everyday devices	The internet's slowdown on Friday provided a glimpse at a new era of online attacks powered by everyday devices	1
NY Times reports on 7-year-old's scary dream about Trump	New York Times report on 7-year-old's scary dream about Trump	1
NY Times reports on 7-year-old's scary dream about Trump	The NY Times reports on a 7-year-old's scary dream about Trump	1
Apple says no fun allowed on the Touch Bar	Apple Says No Fun Can Be Have On The Touch Bar	1
Private Security Group Says Russia Was Behind John Podestas Email Hack	A Private Security Group Says Russia Was Behind John Podestas Email Hack	1
As premiums rise , so does cost to taxpayers	As Insurance Rates Rise, So Does Cost to the Taxpayer	1
Forget blood , gore and scary monsters . In the early 20th century , Halloween used to be about finding true love .	Forget blood, gore and scary monsters. In the early 20th century, Halloween used to be about finding true love.	1
Why Apples MacBook Touch Bar was the right thing to do	Why the Apple MacBook Touch Bar Is the Right Thing to Do	1
Canoes reek of genocide , theft and white privilege , professor claims	Canoes reek of genocide, theft and white privilege, professor claims	1
A new climate-friendlier refrigerant comes with a catch	New climate-friendlier refrigerant comes with catch	1
A new climate-friendlier refrigerant comes with a catch	A new Climate-Friendlier Coolant Comes With a Catch	1
Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in the new @ABC News tracking poll , a first in ABC polling .	Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in new ABC News tracker poll, a first in ABC polling	1
Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in the new @ABC News tracking poll , a first in ABC polling .	Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in new ABC News Tracking Poll, a First in ABC Polling.	1
Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in the new @ABC News tracking poll , a first in ABC polling .	Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in new ABC News tracking poll, a first in the ABC polling	1
Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in the new @ABC News tracking poll , a first in ABC polling .	Hillary Clinton leads Donald Trump slightly among male voters in the new ABC News tracking poll, a first in ABC polling.	1
Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in the new @ABC News tracking poll , a first in ABC polling .	Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in new ABC News Tracking Poll, a First in Polling The ABC	1
Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in the new @ABC News tracking poll , a first in ABC polling .	Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in new ABC News Tracking Poll, a First in The ABC Polling	1
Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in the new @ABC News tracking poll , a first in ABC polling .	Hillary Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in the new ABC News tracking poll, a first in ABC polling.	1
Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in the new @ABC News tracking poll , a first in ABC polling .	Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in new ABC News tracking poll, a first in the ABC polling.	1
Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in the new @ABC News tracking poll , a first in ABC polling .	Hillary Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in new ABC News Tracking Poll, a First in the ABC Polling.	1
Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in the new @ABC News tracking poll , a first in ABC polling .	Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in new ABC News Tracking Poll, a First in the ABC Polling.	1
Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in the new @ABC News tracking poll , a first in ABC polling .	Hillary Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in new ABC News Tracking Poll, a First in ABC Polling.	1
Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in the new @ABC News tracking poll , a first in ABC polling .	Clinton leads Trump slightly among male voters in new ABC News Tracking Poll, a First in the ABC Polling	1
Donald Trump is wrong on Mosul attack , military experts say	Donald Trump Is Wrong on Mosul Attack, Military Experts Say	1
Donald Trump is wrong on Mosul attack , military experts say	Trump Is Wrong on Mosul Attack, Military Experts Say	1
Donald Trump is wrong on Mosul attack , military experts say	Trump Is Wrong About Mosul Attack, Military Experts Say	1
Donald Trump is wrong on Mosul attack , military experts say	Donald Trump Is Wrong About Mosul Attack, Military Experts Say	1
Donald Trump is wrong on Mosul attack , military experts say	Trump Is Wrong About Mosul Attack Military Experts Say.	1
Donald Trump is wrong on Mosul attack , military experts say	Trump is wrong on Mosul attack, military experts say	1
Donald Trump is wrong on Mosul attack , military experts say	Donald Trump Is Wrong About Mosul Attack Military Experts Say	1
Hillary Clinton on new FBI email review We have not been contacted by anyone	Hillary Clinton on new FBI email review We have not been contacted by anyone.	1
Hillary Clinton on new FBI email review We have not been contacted by anyone	Hillary Clinton on new FBI email review. We have not been contacted by anyone.	1
Hillary Clinton on new FBI email review We have not been contacted by anyone	Hillary Clinton on new FBI Email Review: "We have not been contacted by anyone	1
College threatens police response for students wearing ' offensive ' costumes	college threatens'police response for student wearing'offensive'costumes	1
College threatens police response for students wearing ' offensive ' costumes	College threatens police response for students wearing'offensive'costumes	1
Hillary Clinton in Raleigh , NC I want to give Donald Trump " a chance to pay more taxes .	Hillary Clinton in Raleigh, NC I want to give Donald Trump " a chance to pay more taxes.	1
Hillary Clinton in Raleigh , NC I want to give Donald Trump " a chance to pay more taxes .	Hillary Clinton in Raleigh, NC I want to give Donald Trump'a chance to pay more taxes.	1
Hillary Clinton in Raleigh , NC I want to give Donald Trump " a chance to pay more taxes .	Hillary Clinton in Raleigh, NC I want to give Trump a chance to pay more taxes!	1
My mother has a rare disease called P.S.P. , and she can no longer walk or talk . But shes still my mom .	My mother has a rare disease called P.S.P. and she can no longer walk or talk. But she is still my mom.	1
My mother has a rare disease called P.S.P. , and she can no longer walk or talk . But shes still my mom .	My mother has a rare disease called P.S.P., and she can no longer walk or talk. But shes still my mom.	1
My mother has a rare disease called P.S.P. , and she can no longer walk or talk . But shes still my mom .	My mother has a rare disease called P.S.P. and she can no longer walk or talk. But shes still my mom.	1
My mother has a rare disease called P.S.P. , and she can no longer walk or talk . But shes still my mom .	My mom has a rare disease called P.S.P. and she can no longer walk or talk. But im still my mom.	1
My mother has a rare disease called P.S.P. , and she can no longer walk or talk . But shes still my mom .	My Mother has a rare disease called P.S.P. and she can no longer walk or talk. But shes still my mom.	1
Megyn Kelly vs . Has the Republican feminist awakening begun ?	Megyn Kelly vs. Kelly Has the Republican Feminist Awareness Begun?	1
Russia loses its seat on the UN Human Rights Council by just 2 votes	Russia loses seat on UN Human Rights Council With just 2 votes	1
Russia loses its seat on the UN Human Rights Council by just 2 votes	Russia loses seat on UN human rights council With just 2 votes	1
Tesla's new solar roof tiles look like they could handle some pretty extreme hail	Tesla's new solar roof tiles could handle some pretty extreme hail	1
Tesla's new solar roof tiles look like they could handle some pretty extreme hail	Tesla's new solar roof tiles look like they could handle some pretty extreme hail.	1
John Darnielle of The Mountain Goats reflects on his 1995 song " Cubs in Five	John Darnielle of The Mountain Goats Reflects on His 1995 Song, Cubs in Five.	1
Immigrants who speak little English . Older adults with memory problems . These were the people Wells Fargo targeted .	Immigrants who speak little English. Older adults with memory problems. These were the people Wells Fargo targeted.	1
Immigrants who speak little English . Older adults with memory problems . These were the people Wells Fargo targeted .	Immigrants who speak little English, Older adults with memory problems, These were the people Wells Fargo targeted.	1
Immigrants who speak little English . Older adults with memory problems . These were the people Wells Fargo targeted .	Immigrants who speak little English, Older Adults with Memory Losses. These were the people Wells Fargo targeted.	1
Immigrants who speak little English . Older adults with memory problems . These were the people Wells Fargo targeted .	Immigrants who speak little English, Older adults with memory problems. These were the people Wells Fargo targeted.	1
Immigrants who speak little English . Older adults with memory problems . These were the people Wells Fargo targeted .	Immigrants who speak little English, Older Americans with Memory Problems. These were the people Wells Fargo targeted.	1
Paul Beatty is the first American to win one of England's most prestigious literary prizes	Paul Beatty is the first American to win one of England's most prestigious literary awards.	1
We should have made the internet more secure 30 years ago	30 years ago We Should Have Made the Internet More Secure	1
We should have made the internet more secure 30 years ago	30 years ago, we should have made the internet more secure.	1
We should have made the internet more secure 30 years ago	Should have made the internet more secure 30 years ago.	1
Supreme Court takes up transgender school bathroom case	Supreme Court to take up transgender school bathroom case	1
Supreme Court takes up transgender school bathroom case	Supreme Court to take up Transgender School Bathroom Case	1
DOJ has yet to approach Huma Abedin's lawyers about email ; sources earlier said talks were underway	DOJ has yet to approach Abedin lawyers about email ; sources earlier said talks were underway	1
FBI agents knew of Clinton-related emails weeks before director was briefed , sources say	FBI agents had aware of Clinton-related emails weeks before director was briefed, sources say	1
FBI agents knew of Clinton-related emails weeks before director was briefed , sources say	FBI agents knew of Clinton-related emails weeks before director was briefed, sources say	1
FBI agents knew of Clinton-related emails weeks before director was briefed , sources say	FBI agents knew about Clinton emails weeks before director was briefed, sources say	1
FBI agents knew of Clinton-related emails weeks before director was briefed , sources say	FBI Agents Know Clinton-related Emails Weeks Before Director Is Briefed, Sources Say	1
FBI agents knew of Clinton-related emails weeks before director was briefed , sources say	FBI agents knew of Clinton-related emails weeks before director was briefed, sources say.	1
FBI agents knew of Clinton-related emails weeks before director was briefed , sources say	The FBI knew of Clinton-related emails weeks before the director was briefed, source says	1
Iceland's prime minister announces he will resign New York Times	Iceland's Prime Minister Will Resign New York Times	1
Jake Gyllenhaal captivates in the title role in " Sunday in the Park With George	Jake Gyllenhaal captures the title role in the film " Sunday in the Park With George	1
Donald Trump Jr. helps woman push her stalled car in Arizona	Mr. Trump Jr. helped a woman push her stalled car in Arizona.	1
Donald Trump Jr. helps woman push her stalled car in Arizona	Donald Trump Jr. helps a woman push her stalled car in Arizona	1
Donald Trump Jr. helps woman push her stalled car in Arizona	Trump Jr. helps a woman push her stalled car in Arizona	1
Donald Trump Jr. helps woman push her stalled car in Arizona	Trump Jr. helps woman push her stalled car in Arizona.	1
Donald Trump Jr. helps woman push her stalled car in Arizona	Trump Jr. helps woman push her stalled car in Arizona	1
Chris Christie's career is over troubled waters	Chris Christie's career is over troubled waters.	1
Chris Christie's career is over troubled waters	Christie's career is over troubled waters.	1
Scotland has the gayest parliament in the world says one expert	Scotland has the gayest parliament in the world one expert says	1
Scotland has the gayest parliament in the world says one expert	Scotland Has the Gayest Parliament in the World Says 1 Expert	1
Scotland has the gayest parliament in the world says one expert	Scotland has the gayest parliament in the world, says one expert	1
Scotland has the gayest parliament in the world says one expert	Scotland has the gayest Parliament in the world, according to an expert	1
Scotland has the gayest parliament in the world says one expert	Scotland has the gayest parliament in the world, one expert says	1
Scotland has the gayest parliament in the world says one expert	Scotland has the gayest Parliament in the world, says one expert.	1
8 dead , 25 others wounded in weekend shootings in Chicago	8 killed, 25 others wounded in Chicago weekend shootings	1
8 dead , 25 others wounded in weekend shootings in Chicago	8 dead, 25 others wounded in Chicago weekend shootings	1
8 dead , 25 others wounded in weekend shootings in Chicago	8 people were killed and 25 were wounded in weekend shootings in Chicago	1
Man says Chipotle fired him for refusing to participate in its " shady practices	Man says Chipotle fired him for refusing to participate in its'shady practices	1
Man says Chipotle fired him for refusing to participate in its " shady practices	Man says Chipotle fired him for refusing to participate in its " shady practices".	1
Man says Chipotle fired him for refusing to participate in its " shady practices	Man says Chipotle fired him for refusing to participate in its " shady practices ".	1
Man says Chipotle fired him for refusing to participate in its " shady practices	Man says Chipotle fired him for refusing to participate in its " shady practices '.	1
Man says Chipotle fired him for refusing to participate in its " shady practices	Man says Chipotle fired him for refusing to participate in its " shady practices.	1
Elon Musk unveils Tesla's new solar roof product and Powerwall 2.0	Elon Musk unveiled Tesla's new solar roof product and Powerwall 2.0	1
Trump interviews from 2014 show a man who is anxious about losing status and disdainful of those who fall from grace	Trump interviews from 2014 show a man who is anxious about losing status and disdainful of those who fall from grace.	1
Trump interviews from 2014 show a man who is anxious about losing status and disdainful of those who fall from grace	In his 2014 interviews, Trump shows a man who is anxious about losing status and disdainful of those who fall from grace.	1
Trump interviews from 2014 show a man who is anxious about losing status and disdainful of those who fall from grace	Trump Interviews 2014 Show a Man That Is Anxious About Losing Status and Disdainful of Those Who Fall From Grace	1
Trump interviews from 2014 show a man who is anxious about losing status and disdainful of those who fall from grace	Trump Interviews From 2014 Show a Man Anxious About Losing Status and Disdainful of Those Who Fall From Grace	1
Trump interviews from 2014 show a man who is anxious about losing status and disdainful of those who fall from grace	2014 Trump Interviews Show a Man Worried About Losing Status and Disdainful of Those Who Fall From Grace	1
Trump interviews from 2014 show a man who is anxious about losing status and disdainful of those who fall from grace	In 2014, Trump interviews show a man who is anxious about losing status and disdainful of those who fall from grace	1
Trump interviews from 2014 show a man who is anxious about losing status and disdainful of those who fall from grace	In 2014, Trump interviews show a man who is anxious about losing status and disdainful of those who fall from grace.	1
Is Kyoto the world's most photogenic city ?	Is Kyoto the world's most photogenic city?	1
Is Kyoto the world's most photogenic city ?	Kyoto: World's most photogenic city?	1
Jeremy Lin is Asian . That's the whole joke .	Lin is Asian. That's the whole joke.	1
Jeremy Lin is Asian . That's the whole joke .	Jeremy Lin Is Asian. That's the Whole Joke.	1
Jeremy Lin is Asian . That's the whole joke .	Jeremy Lin is Asian. That's the whole joke.	1
Donald Trump threatens legal action against NBC over the leaked 2005 ' Access Hollywood ' tape	Trump threatens legal action against NBC over leaked 2005 'Access Hollywood' tape	1
Donald Trump threatens legal action against NBC over the leaked 2005 ' Access Hollywood ' tape	Donald Trump threatens legal action against NBC over leaked 2005 'Access Hollywood' tape	1
Donald Trump threatens legal action against NBC over the leaked 2005 ' Access Hollywood ' tape	Trump threatens legal action against NBC over leaked 2005 'Access Hollywood'tape	1
Donald Trump threatens legal action against NBC over the leaked 2005 ' Access Hollywood ' tape	Trump threatens legal action against NBC over the leaked 2005 'Access Hollywood'tape	1
Donald Trump threatens legal action against NBC over the leaked 2005 ' Access Hollywood ' tape	Trump threatens legal action against NBC over the leaked 2005 'Access Hollywood' tape	1
Even before " Moonlight " and " Luke Cage , " you've surely seen his face .	Even before " Moonlight " and " Luke Cage, you've surely seen his face.	1
Even before " Moonlight " and " Luke Cage , " you've surely seen his face .	Even before " Moonlight " and " Luke Cage, " you've seen his face.	1
Even before " Moonlight " and " Luke Cage , " you've surely seen his face .	Even before'Moonlight'and'Luke Cage ', you've surely seen his face.	1
Even before " Moonlight " and " Luke Cage , " you've surely seen his face .	Even before'Moonlight'and'Luke Cage'you've surely seen his face.	1
Even before " Moonlight " and " Luke Cage , " you've surely seen his face .	Even before'Moonlight'and'Luke Cage ', " you've surely seen his face.	1
Even before " Moonlight " and " Luke Cage , " you've surely seen his face .	Even before " Moonlight " and " Luke Cage's, " you've surely seen his face.	1
A self-driving truck first mission ? Delivering 2,000 cases of Budweiser	Self-Driving Trucks First Mission: Delivering 2,000 Budweiser Cases	1
The US economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years	The US economy grew 2.9% in the third quarter, the fastest in two years.	1
The US economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years	In the third quarter, the US economy grew at a 2.9% rate, the fastest growth in the past two years	1
The US economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years	The US economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter, the fastest in two years	1
Chinas Antigraft Enforcers Take On a New Role	Chinas Antigraft Enforcementrs Take On a New Role	1
Chinas Antigraft Enforcers Take On a New Role	Chinas Antigraft Enforcement Take on a New Role	1
In a new Hillary Clinton ad , Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump if his fallen son would " have a place in your America	In New Hillary Clinton Ad, Khizr Khan Asks Donald Trump if His Fallen Son Would Have a Place in America	1
In a new Hillary Clinton ad , Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump if his fallen son would " have a place in your America	Khizr Khan, in a New Hillary Clinton Ad, Asks Trump If His Falling Son Would Have a Place in Your America	1
Ammon Bundy and 6 others acquitted in the #OregonStandoff trial	Ammon Bundy and 6 others acquitted in Oregon standoff trial	1
Ammon Bundy and 6 others acquitted in the #OregonStandoff trial	Ammon Bundy and 6 others acquitted in Oregon Standoff trial	1
New polls show a tight Clinton-Trump race nationally and in battlegrounds	New polls show a tight Clinton-Trump race nationally, battlegrounds	1
New polls show a tight Clinton-Trump race nationally and in battlegrounds	New polls show tight Clinton-Trump race nationally and battlegrounds	1
New polls show a tight Clinton-Trump race nationally and in battlegrounds	New polls show tight Clinton-Trump race nationally and in battlegrounds	1
New polls show a tight Clinton-Trump race nationally and in battlegrounds	New polls show a tight Clinton-Trump race nationally and battlegrounds	1
New polls show a tight Clinton-Trump race nationally and in battlegrounds	New polls show tight Clinton-Trump race nationally, battlegrounds	1
Several big websites like Amazon , Netflix and even Twitter were down today in what appears to be a large DDoS attack	Several large sites like Amazon, Netflix, and even Twitter were down today in what appears to be a large DDoS attack	1
A plane carrying Mike Pence skidded off the runway at LaGuardia Airport in New York	The plane that carried Pence skidded off the runway at LaGuardia Airport in New York City.	1
Even when voting rights groups win in court , they are at risk of losing on the ground	Even when voting rights groups win in court, they run the risk of losing on the ground.	1
Even when voting rights groups win in court , they are at risk of losing on the ground	When Voter Rights Groups Win in Court, They Risk Losing on the Ground	1
Even when voting rights groups win in court , they are at risk of losing on the ground	Even when Voting Rights Groups Win in Court, They Are at Risk of Losing on the Ground	1
Even when voting rights groups win in court , they are at risk of losing on the ground	Even when voting rights groups win in court, they run risk of losing on the ground	1
Even when voting rights groups win in court , they are at risk of losing on the ground	Even when Voting Rights Groups Win in Court, They Risk Losing on The Ground	1
Even when voting rights groups win in court , they are at risk of losing on the ground	Even when voting rights groups win in court, they are at risk of losing on the ground	1
Comey was " in an impossible spot	Comey was'in an impossible spot	1
Comey was " in an impossible spot	Comey Was in a " Impossible Spot	1
We should just cancel the election and just give it to Trump	We should just cancel the election and give it to Trump	1
I had a scary dream about Donald Trump Muslim parents face a tense election	Muslim Parents Face a Tense Election I had a Scary Dream About Donald Trump.	1
STD rates have reached a record high in the United States	STD rates reach record high in the United States	1
STD rates have reached a record high in the United States	STD rates reach record high in United States.	1
Ready for her close-up , again Glenn Close will return to Broadway in Sunset Boulevard revival	Ready for her close-up, Glenn Close will once again return to Broadway in Sunset Boulevard revival	1
Hand sanitizers contain a strong concentration of alcohol and can be easily abused	Hand Sanitizers contain a strong concentration of alcohol and can easily be abused	1
Hand sanitizers contain a strong concentration of alcohol and can be easily abused	Hand Sanitizers Are a Strong Concentrate of Alcohol and Can Be Easily Abused	1
Hand sanitizers contain a strong concentration of alcohol and can be easily abused	Hand Sanitizers contain a strong concentration of alcohol and are easily abused	1
Hand sanitizers contain a strong concentration of alcohol and can be easily abused	Hand Sanitizers Are a Strong Concentration of Alcohol and Can Be Abused Easily	1
Campaign says Clinton still hasn't talked to Abedin about new emails	The campaign says Clinton still hasn't spoken to Abedin about new emails.	1
Campaign says Clinton still hasn't talked to Abedin about new emails	Campaign says Clinton still hasn't spoken to Abedin about new emails	1
Google's AI creates its own inhuman encryption	Google's AI enables it to create its own inhuman encryption.	1
A new edition of Shakespeare's works contends that Marlowe co-wrote " Henry VI	New edition of Shakespeare's works claims Marlowe co-wrote'Henry VI '.	1
Comeys review of emails related to Clinton server triggered by NY agents , source says	Comey's review of emails related to Clinton server triggered by NY agents, source says	1
Comeys review of emails related to Clinton server triggered by NY agents , source says	comeys review of emails related to Clinton server triggered by NY agents, source says	1
Comeys review of emails related to Clinton server triggered by NY agents , source says	Comeys review of emails related to Clinton server triggered by NY agents, source says	1
Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters , " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters : " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	1
Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters , " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters :  I'm in trouble'' when I go home tonight	1
Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters , " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	Trump asks wife Melania Trump to stand up and mutters : " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	1
Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters , " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	Trump asks wife Melania to stand up and mutters: 'I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	1
Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters , " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	Trump asks wife Melania to stand up, mutters :'I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	1
Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters , " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	Mr. Trump then asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters, " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	1
Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters , " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters: 'I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	1
Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters , " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	Trump asks wife Melania to stand up and mutters : 'I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	1
Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters , " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters: " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	1
Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters , " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	Trump asks wife Melania to stand up and mutters : " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	1
Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters , " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters : 'I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	1
Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters , " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters, " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	1
Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters , " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	President-elect Trump asks wife Melania to stand up and mutters: "I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	1
Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters , " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	Trump asks wife Melania to stand up and mutters :'I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	1
Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters , " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	Donald Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters, " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	1
Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters , " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	Trump asks wife Melania to stand up and mutters : 'I'm in trouble tonight when I go home	1
Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters , " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	Trump asks wife Melania to stand up and mutters: "I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	1
Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters , " I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	Trump asks his wife Melania to stand up and mutters: "I'm in trouble when I go home tonight	1
Commaai cancels the Comma One following NHTSA letter	Commaai cancels the Comma One after NHTSA letter	1
Commaai cancels the Comma One following NHTSA letter	Commaai cancels Comma One after NHTSA letter	1
Commaai cancels the Comma One following NHTSA letter	Commaai cancels Comma One following NHTSA letter	1
Some health plan costs to increase by an average of 25% , the federal government said	Some health plan costs to rise by an average of 25%, the federal government said.	1
Some health plan costs to increase by an average of 25% , the federal government said	Some health plan costs to increase by average of 25%, according to the Federal Government	1
The problem isnt Donald Trumps mental health .	The problem isnt Donald Trumps mental health.	1
Facebook tests Snapchat-style camera special effects with Direct sharing	Facebook testing Snapchat-style camera special effects with direct sharing	1
Facebook tests Snapchat-style camera special effects with Direct sharing	Facebook tests Snapchat-style camera special effects with Direct-sharing	1
Magic Leap goes to Finland in pursuit of Nordic VR and AR talent	Magic Leap Goes to Finland in Search of Nordic VR and AR Talent	1
Magic Leap goes to Finland in pursuit of Nordic VR and AR talent	Magic Leap heads to Finland to work with Nordic VR and AR talent	1
Magic Leap goes to Finland in pursuit of Nordic VR and AR talent	Magic Leap is going to Finland in pursuit of Nordic VR and AR talent	1
Experiencing an outage ? Heres how to get around it	Experiencing an Outage? Heres How to Get Around It.	1
The anguish of being a Republican woman in the age of Trump	' Anguish of Being a Republican Woman in the Age of Trump	1
The anguish of being a Republican woman in the age of Trump	The anguish of a Republican woman in the age of Trump	1
With the new MacBook Pro , dongle hell became so much worse	With the new MacBook Pro, Dongle Hell Became Much Worse	1
With the new MacBook Pro , dongle hell became so much worse	With the New MacBook Pro Dongle Hell Became So Much Worse.	1
With the new MacBook Pro , dongle hell became so much worse	With the new MacBook Pro dongle hell got so much worse	1
With the new MacBook Pro , dongle hell became so much worse	With the new MacBook Pro, Dongle Hell Got So Much Worse	1
Cubs 5 , Dodgers 0 Chicago wins series , 4-2 Cubs Defeat Dodgers to Clinch First Pennant Since 1945	Cubs 5, Dodgers 0 Chicago wins series, 4-2 Cubs defeat Dodgers to Clinch First Pennant Since 1945	1
Cubs 5 , Dodgers 0 Chicago wins series , 4-2 Cubs Defeat Dodgers to Clinch First Pennant Since 1945	Cubs 5, Dodgers 0 Chicago wins series, 4-2 Cubs beat Dodgers to Clinch First Pennant Since 1945!	1
Cubs 5 , Dodgers 0 Chicago wins series , 4-2 Cubs Defeat Dodgers to Clinch First Pennant Since 1945	Cubs 5, Dodgers 0 Chicago Wins Series 4-2 Cubs Defeat Dodgers To Clinch First Pennant Since 1945	1
Cubs 5 , Dodgers 0 Chicago wins series , 4-2 Cubs Defeat Dodgers to Clinch First Pennant Since 1945	Cubs 5, Dodgers 0 Chicago wins series, 4-2 Cubs Defeat Dodgers to Clinch First Pennant Since 1945	1
Cubs 5 , Dodgers 0 Chicago wins series , 4-2 Cubs Defeat Dodgers to Clinch First Pennant Since 1945	Cubs 5, Dodgers 0 Chicago wins series, 4-2 Cubs beat Dodgers to Clinch First Pennant Since 1945	1
Cubs 5 , Dodgers 0 Chicago wins series , 4-2 Cubs Defeat Dodgers to Clinch First Pennant Since 1945	Cubs 5, Dodgers 0 Chicago wins series, 4-2 Cubs defeat Dodgers to claim first pennant since 1945	1
Cubs 5 , Dodgers 0 Chicago wins series , 4-2 Cubs Defeat Dodgers to Clinch First Pennant Since 1945	Cubs 5, Dodgers 0 Chicago wins series, 4-2 Cubs Defeat Dodgers to Clinch First Pennant Since 1945.	1
Pediatricians no longer say kids under 2 shouldnt watch screens .	Pediatricians No Longer Say Kids Under 2 Shouldnt Watch Screens.	1
Pediatricians no longer say kids under 2 shouldnt watch screens .	Some Pediatricians No Longer Say Kids Under 2 Shouldnt Watch Screens, Too	1
Pediatricians no longer say kids under 2 shouldnt watch screens .	Pediatricians No Longer Say Kids Under 2 Shouldnt Watch Screens	1
The NYT review of Lady Gaga's new album , " Joanne	The NYT's review of Lady Gaga's new album " Joanne	1
All Tesla cars built from today on have all hardware needed for full self-driving	All Tesla cars built from today have all hardware needed for full self-driving	1
All Tesla cars built from today on have all hardware needed for full self-driving	All Tesla cars built from today on have everything hardware needed for full self-driving	1
All Tesla cars built from today on have all hardware needed for full self-driving	All Tesla cars built from today have all hardware needed for full self-driving.	1
All Tesla cars built from today on have all hardware needed for full self-driving	All Tesla cars built from today on have all hardware needed for full self-driving.	1
Mark Duplass was 14 when he first fell in love . But things slowly became more complicated .	While Mark Duplass was 14 when he first fell in love, things slowly became more complicated.	1
The first black Chicago Cub in #WorldSeries history is batting first in Game 1	The first black Chicago Cub in World Series history has batting first in Game 1	1
Microsoft is now a braver , more innovative company than Apple	Microsoft is now a braver, more innovative company than @Apple	1
Microsoft is now a braver , more innovative company than Apple	Microsoft is now a braver, more innovative company than Apple	1
My whole life is a theater piece	My whole life is a theater piece!	1
My whole life is a theater piece	My whole life is a theater piece.	1
My whole life is a theater piece	My whole life is a theater piece?	1
My whole life is a theater piece	My life is a theater piece.	1
Hangar raises $6.5 million to give companies all the drone data they want without having to fly themselves	Hangar raises $6.5M to give companies all the drone data they want without having to fly them themselves	1
Hangar raises $6.5 million to give companies all the drone data they want without having to fly themselves	Hangar raises $6.5 million to give companies all the drone data they want without having to fly.	1
Hangar raises $6.5 million to give companies all the drone data they want without having to fly themselves	+ Hangar raises $6.5 million to give companies all the drone data they want without having to fly the drone themselves	1
Hangar raises $6.5 million to give companies all the drone data they want without having to fly themselves	Hangar raises $6.5M to give companies all the drone data they want without having to fly them,	1
Emails tied to Clinton case found after FBI seized devices belonging to Huma Abedin , Anthony Weiner	Emails tied to Clinton case found after FBI seized devices belonging to Huma Abedin, Anthony Weiner	1
Emails tied to Clinton case found after FBI seized devices belonging to Huma Abedin , Anthony Weiner	Emails tied to Clinton case found after FBI seized devices belonging to Anthony Weiner, Huma Abedin	1
Emails tied to Clinton case found after FBI seized devices belonging to Huma Abedin , Anthony Weiner	Emails tied to Clinton case found after FBI seized devices belonging to Anthony Weiner and Huma Abedin	1
Emails tied to Clinton case found after FBI seized devices belonging to Huma Abedin , Anthony Weiner	Emails tied to Clinton case found after FBI seize devices belonging to Huma Abedin, Anthony Weiner	1
Regulatory Microscope Lies Ahead for AT & T and Time Warner	Regulatory Microscope Lies Ahead for AT & T & amp ; Time Warner	1
Remember Apple vs . asked whats at stake in the debate over encryption	Remember Apple vs.. asked whats at stake in the debate over encryption	1
Remember Apple vs . asked whats at stake in the debate over encryption	Remember Apple vs. asked whats at stake in the debate over encryption	1
It's over , for now The company targeted by today's massive hack says things are back to normal .	It's over, for now The company targeted by today's massive hack says things are back to normal	1
It's over , for now The company targeted by today's massive hack says things are back to normal .	Well it's over, for now The company targeted by today's massive hack says things are back to normal	1
Russian , US jets had near miss over Syria on Oct . 17 , US defense officials say	American, Russian and US jets had near miss over Syria on Oct 17, US defense officials say	1
Russian , US jets had near miss over Syria on Oct . 17 , US defense officials say	Russian, US jets had near miss over Syria on Oct. 17, US defense officials say	1
Russian , US jets had near miss over Syria on Oct . 17 , US defense officials say	US and Russian jets had near miss over Syria on Oct. 17, US defense officials say	1
Russian , US jets had near miss over Syria on Oct . 17 , US defense officials say	US and Russian jets had near miss over Syria on Oct 17, US defense officials say	1
Russian , US jets had near miss over Syria on Oct . 17 , US defense officials say	US jets and Russian jets had near miss over Syria on Oct 17, US defense officials say	1
How a cyberattack on one company brought the internet to its knees	How one cyberattack on a company brought the internet to its knees	1
Hillary Clinton delivered these 18 zingers to Donald Trump's face	Hillary Clinton delivered these 18 zingers to Trump's face	1
Hillary Clinton delivered these 18 zingers to Donald Trump's face	Hillary Clinton delivers these 18 zingers to Donald Trump's face	1
US economy grows 2.9% in 3Q ; strongest growth in 2 years after exports up	US economic growth grew 2.9% in 3Q ; strongest growth in 2 years after exports increased	1
This code word will help you when you feel unsafe on a date	This code word is useful for people when they feel unsafe on a date.	1
This code word will help you when you feel unsafe on a date	This is a code word that will help you when you feel unsafe on a date.	1
This code word will help you when you feel unsafe on a date	This code word will help you when you feel unsafe on a date.	1
You think your retirement plan is bad ? Talk to a teacher .	Think Your Retirement Plan Is Bad? Talk to a Teacher	1
Jury acquits all defendants in Oregon wildlife refuge standoff of federal conspiracy charges	Jury acquits all defendants in Oregon wildlife refuge standoff on federal conspiracy charges	1
Kathleen Kane , a former Pennsylvania attorney general , was sentenced to prison	Kathleen Kane, Former Pennsylvania Attorney General, Is Sentenced to Prison	1
Kathleen Kane , a former Pennsylvania attorney general , was sentenced to prison	Kathleen Kane, former Pennsylvania attorney general, is sentenced to prison	1
Kathleen Kane , a former Pennsylvania attorney general , was sentenced to prison	Kathleen Kane, Former PA Attorney General, Is Sentenced to Prison	1
Kathleen Kane , a former Pennsylvania attorney general , was sentenced to prison	Kathleen Kane, former Pennsylvania Attorney General, Is Sentenced to Prison	1
Kathleen Kane , a former Pennsylvania attorney general , was sentenced to prison	Kathleen Kane, former PA Attorney General, Is Sentenced to Prison	1
Kathleen Kane , a former Pennsylvania attorney general , was sentenced to prison	Kathleen Kane, former Pennsylvania attorney general, Is Sentenced to Prison	1
President Obama urges Nevada voters to turn out to the polls You got to go vote	President Barack Obama urges Nevada voters to turn out to the polls'You got to go vote	1
Anxiety is coursing through American society , @nytdavidbrooks writes	Anxiety is coursing through American society #NytDavidBrooks writes	1
Anxiety is coursing through American society , @nytdavidbrooks writes	Anxiety is coursing through American society, @NytDavidBrooks writes	1
Senior intelligence official tells NBC News that Dyn cyberattacks unlikely to be state sponsored	A senior intelligence official told NBC News that Dyn cyberattacks are unlikely to be state sponsored	1
Voters do want to know the truth . They just want it to agree with them .	Voters want to know the truth. They just want it to agree with them.	1
Voters do want to know the truth . They just want it to agree with them .	Voters Want to Know the Truth, They Just Want It To Agree With They	1
Voters do want to know the truth . They just want it to agree with them .	Voters Do Want to Know the Truth, They Just Want It to Accept them.	1
Salma Hayek says Donald Trump planted National Enquirer story about her after she turned down date offer	Salma Hayek says Donald Trump planted a national enquirer story about her after she turned down a date offer.	1
Salma Hayek says Donald Trump planted National Enquirer story about her after she turned down date offer	Salma Hayek says Donald Trump planted a National Enquirer story about her after she turned down a date offer	1
Salma Hayek says Donald Trump planted National Enquirer story about her after she turned down date offer	Salma Hayek says Donald Trump planted National Enquirer story about her after she turned down'date offer	1
Salma Hayek says Donald Trump planted National Enquirer story about her after she turned down date offer	Salma Hayek Says Donald Trump Plants National Enquirer Story About Her After She Turns Down Date Offer	1
Salma Hayek says Donald Trump planted National Enquirer story about her after she turned down date offer	Salma Hayek says Donald Trump planted National Enquirer story about her after she turned down date offer.	1
Salma Hayek says Donald Trump planted National Enquirer story about her after she turned down date offer	Salma Hayek says Donald Trump planted a national enquirer story about her after she turned down a date offer	1
Salma Hayek says Donald Trump planted National Enquirer story about her after she turned down date offer	Salma Hayek says Donald Trump planted a National Enquirer story about her after she turned down a date offer.	1
Here's a roundup of the week's whoppers from the campaign trail	Heres a roundup of the week's whoppers from the campaign trail	1
Here's a roundup of the week's whoppers from the campaign trail	Here's a round-up of this week's whoppers from the campaign trail	1
Donald Trump says he'll sue his sexual misconduct accusers	Donald Trump says he will sue his sexual misconduct accusers	1
Preliminary magnitude 6.6 earthquake strikes western Japan , about 8 km east-southeast of Kurayoshi	Preliminary magnitude 6.6 earthquake strikes western Japan, about 8 km east-southeast of Kurayoshi	1
Preliminary magnitude 6.6 earthquake strikes western Japan , about 8 km east-southeast of Kurayoshi	Preliminary magnitude 6.6 earthquake strikes western Japan about 8 km east-southeast of Kurayoshi	1
Preliminary magnitude 6.6 earthquake strikes western Japan , about 8 km east-southeast of Kurayoshi	Preliminary magnitude 6.6 earthquake strikes western Japan, approximately 8 km east-southeast of Kurayoshi	1
Four generations of his family lived by the lake in a thriving community . But gradually , the desert has taken over .	Four generations of his family lived in a thriving community by the lake but gradually the desert has taken over.	1
Four generations of his family lived by the lake in a thriving community . But gradually , the desert has taken over .	Four generations of his family lived in a thriving community by the lake, but gradually the desert has taken over	1
Four generations of his family lived by the lake in a thriving community . But gradually , the desert has taken over .	Four generations of his family lived in a thriving community by the lake, but slowly the desert has taken over.	1
Four generations of his family lived by the lake in a thriving community . But gradually , the desert has taken over .	Four generations of his family lived in a thriving community by the lake, but gradually the desert has taken over.	1
Four generations of his family lived by the lake in a thriving community . But gradually , the desert has taken over .	Four generations of his family lived in a thriving community on the lake. But gradually the desert has taken over	1
Four generations of his family lived by the lake in a thriving community . But gradually , the desert has taken over .	Four generations of his family lived in a thriving community beside the lake, but gradually the desert has taken over.	1
Four generations of his family lived by the lake in a thriving community . But gradually , the desert has taken over .	Four generations of his family lived in a thriving community near the lake, but gradually the desert has taken over.	1
Four generations of his family lived by the lake in a thriving community . But gradually , the desert has taken over .	Four generations of his family lived in a thriving community by the lake, but gradually the desert took over.	1
Four generations of his family lived by the lake in a thriving community . But gradually , the desert has taken over .	4 generations of his family lived in a thriving community by the lake, but gradually the desert has taken over.	1
Four generations of his family lived by the lake in a thriving community . But gradually , the desert has taken over .	Four generations of his family lived in a thriving community by the lake. But gradually the desert took over.	1
The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years .	The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% growth rate in the third quarter, the fastest in two years.	1
The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years .	The U.S. economy grew 2.9% in the third quarter, the fastest in two years.	1
The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years .	The U.S. economy increased 2.9% in the third quarter, the fastest increase in two years.	1
The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years .	In the third quarter, the U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% pace, the fastest in two years.	1
The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years .	U.S. economic activity grew at a 2.9% pace in the third quarter, the fastest growth in two years.	1
The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years .	The U.S. economy grew 2.9% in the third quarter, the fastest growth in two years.	1
The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years .	The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% pace in the third quarter, the fastest growth in two years.	1
The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years .	U.S. economy increased 2.9% in the third quarter, the fastest increase in two years.	1
The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years .	The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% increase in the third quarter, the fastest growth in two years.	1
The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years .	In the third quarter, the U.S. economy increased 2.9%, the fastest growth in two years.	1
The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years .	In the third quarter, the U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% rate, the fastest in two years.	1
The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years .	The US economy grew 2.9% in the third quarter, the fastest growth in two years.	1
The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years .	The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% annual growth rate in the third quarter, the fastest in two years.	1
The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years .	In the third quarter, the U.S. economy grew at a rate of 2.9%, the fastest increase in two years.	1
The U.S. economy grew at a 2.9% rate in the third quarter , the fastest in two years .	In the third quarter, the U.S. economy grew at a rate of 2.9%, the fastest in two years.	1
Los Angeles Sparks win their 1st WNBA title since 2002 with 77-76 win over Minnesota Lynx	The Los Angeles Sparks won their 1st WNBA title since 2002 with a 77-76 victory over the Minnesota Lynx	1
Los Angeles Sparks win their 1st WNBA title since 2002 with 77-76 win over Minnesota Lynx	Los Angeles Sparks won their 1st WNBA Title since 2002 with 77-76 win over the Minnesota Lynx	1
Los Angeles Sparks win their 1st WNBA title since 2002 with 77-76 win over Minnesota Lynx	Los Angeles Sparks Win 1st WNBA Title Since 2002 with 77-76 win over the Minnesota Lynx	1
Los Angeles Sparks win their 1st WNBA title since 2002 with 77-76 win over Minnesota Lynx	The LA Sparks have won their first WNBA Title since 2002 with a 77-76 win over the Minnesota Lynx	1
The Pentagon is developing " autonomous weapons . Their vision is less like the Terminator and more like Iron Man	The Pentagon is developing " autonomous weapons. Their vision is less like the Terminator and more like Iron Man	1
The Pentagon is developing " autonomous weapons . Their vision is less like the Terminator and more like Iron Man	Pentagon is developing " autonomous weapons. Their vision is less like the Terminator and more like Iron Man	1
The Pentagon is developing " autonomous weapons . Their vision is less like the Terminator and more like Iron Man	The Pentagon is developing " autonomous weapons ". Their vision is less like the Terminator and more like Iron Man	1
The Pentagon is developing " autonomous weapons . Their vision is less like the Terminator and more like Iron Man	The Pentagon is developing'autonomous weapons. Their vision is less like the Terminator and more like Iron Man	1
My economic plan can be summarized in three words " jobs , jobs , jobs	My economic plan can be summarized in three words " jobs, jobs, jobs!	1
My economic plan can be summarized in three words " jobs , jobs , jobs	My economic plan can be summarized in three words, " jobs, jobs, jobs.	1
My economic plan can be summarized in three words " jobs , jobs , jobs	My economic plan can be summarised in three words: "jobs, jobs, jobs.	1
My economic plan can be summarized in three words " jobs , jobs , jobs	My economic plan can be summarized in three words : jobs, jobs, jobs.	1
My economic plan can be summarized in three words " jobs , jobs , jobs	My economic plan can be summarized in three words : " jobs, jobs, jobs	1
My economic plan can be summarized in three words " jobs , jobs , jobs	My economic plan can be summarized in three words : " jobs, jobs, jobs!	1
My economic plan can be summarized in three words " jobs , jobs , jobs	My economic plan can be summarised in three words : jobs, jobs, jobs	1
My economic plan can be summarized in three words " jobs , jobs , jobs	My economic plan can be summarized in three words : jobs, jobs, jobs	1
My economic plan can be summarized in three words " jobs , jobs , jobs	My Economic Plan Can Be summed In Three Words: jobs, jobs, jobs	1
AT & T , Time Warner executives have met in recent weeks to discuss a possible merger	AT & T and Time Warner executives have met in recent weeks to discuss a possible merger	1
AT & T , Time Warner executives have met in recent weeks to discuss a possible merger	AT & T, Time Warner executives had met in recent weeks to discuss a possible merger	1
AT & T , Time Warner executives have met in recent weeks to discuss a possible merger	AT & T and Time Warner executives have met in recent weeks in talks of a possible merger.	1
Justice Department has replaced the New York team of agents and lawyers investigating the death of Eric Garner	The Justice Department has replaced the New York Team of Agents and Lawyers Investigating Eric Garner's Death	1
Justice Department has replaced the New York team of agents and lawyers investigating the death of Eric Garner	The Justice Department has replaced the New York Team of Agents and Lawyers Investigating the Death of Eric Garner	1
Google's AI created its own form of encryption	Google’s AI has created its own form of encryption	1
Google's AI created its own form of encryption	Google's AI developed its own form of encryption	1
The " saddest " polar bear lives in a mall in China	the saddest " polar bear lives in a China mall	1
The " saddest " polar bear lives in a mall in China	The saddest polar bear in China lives in a mall.	1
The " saddest " polar bear lives in a mall in China	The'saddest'polar bear in China lives in a mall	1
The " saddest " polar bear lives in a mall in China	The “ saddest “ polar bear lives in a China mall	1
The " saddest " polar bear lives in a mall in China	The saddest polar bear in the world is found in a china mall	1
The UN says it is gravely worried that ISIS is using 550 families as human shields in Mosul .	The UN is deeply concerned that ISIS is using 550 families as human shields in Mosul.	1
The UN says it is gravely worried that ISIS is using 550 families as human shields in Mosul .	UN says it is gravely worried that ISIS is using 550 families as human shields in Mosul	1
The UN says it is gravely worried that ISIS is using 550 families as human shields in Mosul .	The UN has a fear of ISIS using 550 families as human shields in Mosul	1
Could Hillary Clinton win Texas ? Some Democrats say maybe .	Could Hillary Clinton Win Texas? Some Democrats Say Maybe	1
Could Hillary Clinton win Texas ? Some Democrats say maybe .	Hillary Clinton Could Win Texas? Some Democrats Say Maybe.	1
Could Hillary Clinton win Texas ? Some Democrats say maybe .	Could Hillary Clinton Win Texas? Some Democrats Say Maybe.	1
The FBI reopens Clinton email investigation after new messages found	FBI reopens Clinton Email Investigation After New Messages Find	1
The FBI reopens Clinton email investigation after new messages found	FBI reopens Clinton emails investigation after new messages found	1
Getting through these three debates with Donald has to count as a miracle	Getting through these three debates with Donald has to count as a miracle.	1
Hillary Clinton leads by 7 points in North Carolina , a New York Times Upshot/Siena College survey found	Hillary Clinton leads North Carolina by 7 points, according to new York Times Upshot/Siena College Poll	1
Obama ' lied directly and pointedly ' to the nation about #HillaryClinton's emails	Obama'lies directly and pointedly'to the nation about #HillaryClinton emails	1
Obama ' lied directly and pointedly ' to the nation about #HillaryClinton's emails	Obama'lied directly and pointedly'to the nation about @HillaryClinton emails	1
Obama ' lied directly and pointedly ' to the nation about #HillaryClinton's emails	Obama lied directly and pointedly to the nation about @HillaryClinton's emails	1
I will accept the results of this election " if I win	I Will Accept the Results of This Election if I Win	1
I will accept the results of this election " if I win	I will accept the results of this election'if I win	1
I will accept the results of this election " if I win	I will accept the results of this election 'if I win	1
I will accept the results of this election " if I win	I Will Accept the Results of This Election If I Win	1
I will accept the results of this election " if I win	I will accept the results of this election' if I win	1
I will accept the results of this election " if I win	I will accept the results of this election, " if I win	1
I will accept the results of this election " if I win	I will accept the results of this election " if I win.	1
I will accept the results of this election " if I win	If I win, I will accept the results of this election	1
I will accept the results of this election " if I win	I will accept the results of this election, if I win	1
I will accept the results of this election " if I win	I Will Accept the Results of This Election, if I Win	1
I will accept the results of this election " if I win	'I will accept the results of this election'if I win	1
83 arrested at Dakota Access Pipeline protest	83 People Arrested at Dakota Access Pipeline Protest	1
83 arrested at Dakota Access Pipeline protest	83 arrested on Dakota Access Pipeline protest	1
83 arrested at Dakota Access Pipeline protest	83 people arrested at Dakota Access Pipeline protest	1
83 arrested at Dakota Access Pipeline protest	83 people were arrested at Dakota Access Pipeline protest	1
83 arrested at Dakota Access Pipeline protest	83 were arrested at Dakota Access Pipeline protest	1
Trump , GOP seize on new Clinton cash revelations to revive ' pay-to-play ' charge	Trump and GOP seize on new Clinton cash revelations to revive 'pay-to-play'charge	1
Trump , GOP seize on new Clinton cash revelations to revive ' pay-to-play ' charge	Trump, GOP seize on new Clinton cash revelations to revive'pay-to-play'charge	1
Trump , GOP seize on new Clinton cash revelations to revive ' pay-to-play ' charge	Trump, GOP seize on new Clinton cash revelations to revive 'pay-to-play'charge	1
Trump , GOP seize on new Clinton cash revelations to revive ' pay-to-play ' charge	Trump, GOP seize on new Clinton cash revelations to revive pay-to-play '' charge	1
Daughter of Eric Garner slams Clinton campaign over emails about father's death	Daughter of Eric Garner slams Clinton campaign over emails about father’s death	1
Daughter of Eric Garner slams Clinton campaign over emails about father's death	The daughter of Eric Garner slams Clinton campaign over emails about father's death	1
New poll shows Clinton over Trump by double-digits	New poll shows Clinton ahead of Trump by double-digits	1
New poll shows Clinton over Trump by double-digits	New poll shows Clinton up by double-digits over Trump	1
New poll shows Clinton over Trump by double-digits	New poll shows Hillary Clinton ahead of Trump by double-digits	1
New poll shows Clinton over Trump by double-digits	New poll shows Clinton leads Trump by double-digits	1
Even Chelsea ripped ' hustling ' at lucrative family foundation	Even Chelsea ripped'Hustling'at lucrative family foundation	1
Comey's Announcement ' Disgraces and Politicizes the FBI	Comey's announcement'Disgraces and Politicizes the FBI	1
Emails show Clinton campaign sought to ' bern ' Sanders with poolside pic	Emails show Clinton campaign sought to'bern'Sanders with poolside pic	1
Emails show Clinton campaign sought to ' bern ' Sanders with poolside pic	Emails show Clinton campaign sought to'bern'Sanders with poolside pic.	1
Blame the Internet of Things for today's web blackout	Blame the Internet of Things for today's web blackout.	1
Multiple deaths reported in California tour bus crash	Multiple people have been killed in California tour bus crash	1
Multiple deaths reported in California tour bus crash	Multiple people have died in California tour bus crash	1
Multiple deaths reported in California tour bus crash	Several deaths reported in California tour bus crash	1
Goodbye Nintendo NX , hello ' Switch	Goodbye Nintendo NX, hello Switch	1
In Manhattan , residents are fighting to get the name " Trump " taken off their buildings	Residents in Manhattan are fighting to have Trump taken off their buildings.	1
Clinton lectured State Dept . staff on cybersecurity in 2010 video	Clinton lectured State Dept. staff on cybersecurity in 2010 video.	1
Clinton lectured State Dept . staff on cybersecurity in 2010 video	Clinton lectured State Dept. staff on cybersecurity in 2010 video	1
Clinton lectured State Dept . staff on cybersecurity in 2010 video	Hillary Clinton Lectured State Dept. Staff on Cybersecurity in 2010 Video	1
Clinton lectured State Dept . staff on cybersecurity in 2010 video	Clinton lectured state department staff on cybersecurity in 2010 video	1
Load of manure dumped outside Democratic Party headquarters in Ohio county	Load of manure dumped outside of Democratic headquarters in Ohio County	1
Why is the legal standard for Hillary different than the one for you and me ?	Why is the legal standard for Hillary different than the one for you and me?	1
Why is the legal standard for Hillary different than the one for you and me ?	Why is the legal standard for Hillary different than the one for me and you?	1
Why is the legal standard for Hillary different than the one for you and me ?	Why is the Legal Standard for Hillary different than that for you and me?	1
Why is the legal standard for Hillary different than the one for you and me ?	Why is the legal standard for Hillary different than that for you and me?	1
Why is the legal standard for Hillary different than the one for you and me ?	Why is the Legal Standard for Hillary different than the One for You and Me?	1
Why is the legal standard for Hillary different than the one for you and me ?	Why is the legal standard for Hillary different than the one for YOU and me?	1
Why is the legal standard for Hillary different than the one for you and me ?	Why is the Legal Standard for Hillary different than the one for you and me?	1
Why is the legal standard for Hillary different than the one for you and me ?	Why Is the Legal Standard for Hillary Different than the One for You and Me?	1
Why is the legal standard for Hillary different than the one for you and me ?	Why Is the Legal Standard for Hillary Different Than the One for You and Me?	1
Donald Trump makes ' closing argument , ' again attacks accusers	Donald Trump Makes 'Closing Argument,' Again Attacks Accusers	1
Donald Trump makes ' closing argument , ' again attacks accusers	Trump makes'closing argument,'again attacks accusers	1
Donald Trump makes ' closing argument , ' again attacks accusers	Trump makes 'closing argument,' again attacks accusers	1
Donald Trump makes ' closing argument , ' again attacks accusers	Donald Trump makes 'closing argument,' again attacks accusers	1
Donald Trump makes ' closing argument , ' again attacks accusers	Trump makes 'closing argument,' again attacks accusers.	1
Cyber attacks disrupt Twitter , Netflix , Spotify service	Cyber attacks disrupt Twitter, Netflix and Spotify services	1
Cyber attacks disrupt Twitter , Netflix , Spotify service	Cyber Attacks Disrupt Twitter, Netflix, Spotify Service	1
Cyber attacks disrupt Twitter , Netflix , Spotify service	Cyber Attacks Disrupt Twitter, Netflix, Spotify	1
Cyber attacks disrupt Twitter , Netflix , Spotify service	Cyber attacks disrupt Twitter, Netflix, Spotify service	1
Cyber attacks disrupt Twitter , Netflix , Spotify service	Cyber attacks disrupt twitter, Netflix, Spotify service.	1
Cyber attacks disrupt Twitter , Netflix , Spotify service	cyber attacks disrupt Twitter, Netflix, Spotify service	1
The earth has lost more than half its animals since 1970	The earth's animal population has dropped by nearly 40 percent since 1970.	1
The earth has lost more than half its animals since 1970	The world has lost half its animals since 1970.	1
The earth has lost more than half its animals since 1970	The Earth has lost more than half its animals since 1970.	1
The earth has lost more than half its animals since 1970	The earth has lost its animals more than half since 1970.	1
Abedin reportedly pleads ignorance of how emails in new Clinton probe ended up on shared laptop	Abedin reportedly pleadings ignorance of how emails in new Clinton probe ended up on shared laptop	1
Abedin reportedly pleads ignorance of how emails in new Clinton probe ended up on shared laptop	Abedin reportedly pleds ignorance of how emails in new Clinton probe ended up on shared laptop	1
5.4 -magnitude earthquake hits central Italy , shaking buildings in Rome	5.4 -magnitude quake strikes central Italy, shaking buildings in Rome	1
5.4 -magnitude earthquake hits central Italy , shaking buildings in Rome	5.4 earthquake hits central Italy, shaking buildings in Rome	1
5.4 -magnitude earthquake hits central Italy , shaking buildings in Rome	5.4 -magnitude earthquake hits central Italy, shaking buildings in Rome.	1
5.4 -magnitude earthquake hits central Italy , shaking buildings in Rome	5.4 magnitude earthquake hits central Italy, shaking buildings in Rome	1
5.4 -magnitude earthquake hits central Italy , shaking buildings in Rome	5.4 magnitude quake hits central Italy, shaking buildings in Rome	1
5.4 -magnitude earthquake hits central Italy , shaking buildings in Rome	5.4 magnitude quake strikes central Italy, shaking buildings in Rome	1
5.4 -magnitude earthquake hits central Italy , shaking buildings in Rome	A 5.4-magnitude earthquake strikes central Italy, shaking buildings in Rome.	1
5.4 -magnitude earthquake hits central Italy , shaking buildings in Rome	A magnitude of 5.4 earthquake hits central Italy, shaking buildings in Rome.	1
5.4 -magnitude earthquake hits central Italy , shaking buildings in Rome	An 5.4-magnitude earthquake hits central Italy, shaking buildings in Rome	1
Hollywood Walk of Fame star smashed with sledgehammer	Hollywood Walk of Fame star smashed with sledgehammer.	1
Yes , Trump really is saying " big league , " not " bigly , " linguists say	Yes, Trump is really saying " big league, " not " largely, " linguists say	1
Yes , Trump really is saying " big league , " not " bigly , " linguists say	Yes, Trump is really saying Big League, not Bigly, as some linguists say.	1
Yes , Trump really is saying " big league , " not " bigly , " linguists say	Yes, Trump is really saying'Big League,'not'Bigly,'Linguists Say	1
John Roberts needs to take a stand against Senate Republicans and he needs to do it now	John Roberts Must Take a Stand Against Senate Republicans. He Needs to Do It Now	1
John Roberts needs to take a stand against Senate Republicans and he needs to do it now	John Roberts needs to take a stand against Senate Republicans, and he needs to do it now.	1
Dead people registering ? Examples of voter fraud in key swing states	Dead People registering? Examples of voter fraud in key swing states	1
Dead people registering ? Examples of voter fraud in key swing states	Dead people registering? Examples of voter fraud in key swing states	1
Authorities reportedly warn election officials about Russian hackers faking fraud	Authorities warn election officials about Russian hackers faking fraud	1
Authorities reportedly warn election officials about Russian hackers faking fraud	Authorities warn Election Officials About Russian Hackers Faking Fraud	1
Authorities reportedly warn election officials about Russian hackers faking fraud	Authorities reportedly warn election officials about Russian hackers faking fraud.	1
Weengs , a shipping service for online sellers , picks up backing from LocalGlobe , Cherry , and Seedcamp	Weengs, a shipping service for online sellers, picks up backing from LocalGlobe, Cherry & amp ; Seedcamp	1
Weengs , a shipping service for online sellers , picks up backing from LocalGlobe , Cherry , and Seedcamp	Weengs, a shipping service for online sellers, picks up backing from LocalGlobe, Cherry and Seedcamp	1
Trump mistook a black supporter at his rally for a protestor and called him a " thug	Trump mistook a black supporter at his rally for a protester and called him a " thug ".	1
Glassdoor will now tell you if youre being underpaid	Glassdoor will now tell you if youre being underpaid!	1
Glassdoor will now tell you if youre being underpaid	Glassdoor Will Tell You if Youre Being Underpaid	1
Has the Republican feminist awakening begun ?	Has the Republican Feminist Awakening Begun?	1
Why the " October surprise " is dead	Why the'October Surprise'Is Dead.	1
Why the " October surprise " is dead	Why the October Surprise Is Dead	1
Why the " October surprise " is dead	Why the " October surprise is dead	1
The Macbook Pro's most important new feature ?	The most important new feature in MacBook Pro?	1
The Macbook Pro's most important new feature ?	The most important new feature for the Macbook Pro?	1
The Macbook Pro's most important new feature ?	The MacBook Pro’s most important new feature?	1
The Macbook Pro's most important new feature ?	The MacBook Pro's most important new feature?	1
And they scoffed at @BoingBoing when we revealed that Daddy Drumpf was linked to the Klan .	And they scoffed at @BoingBoing when we revealed that Daddy Drumpf was linked to the Klan.	1
And they scoffed at @BoingBoing when we revealed that Daddy Drumpf was linked to the Klan .	And they scoffed at #BoingBoing when we revealed that Daddy Drumpf was linked to the Klan.	1
And they scoffed at @BoingBoing when we revealed that Daddy Drumpf was linked to the Klan .	And they scoffed at BoingBoing when we revealed that Daddy Drumpf was tied to the Klan.	1
And they scoffed at @BoingBoing when we revealed that Daddy Drumpf was linked to the Klan .	And they scoffed at BoingBoing when we revealed that Daddy Drumpf was linked to the Klan.	1
Human Rights Campaign maintains Kirk endorsement after racist comment	The Human Rights Campaign maintains endorsement for Kirk after racist comment	1
What knitting can teach us about parenting	What Knitting Can Teach Us About Parenting,	1
What knitting can teach us about parenting	What Knitting Can Teach Us About Parenting.	1
What knitting can teach us about parenting	What knitting can teach us about parenting.	1
Trump says that " illegal immigration violates the civil rights of African Americans	Trump says illegal immigration violates African Americans' civil rights.	1
Trump says that " illegal immigration violates the civil rights of African Americans	Trump Says Illegal Immigration Violates Civil Rights of African Americans	1
Trump says that " illegal immigration violates the civil rights of African Americans	Trump says illegal immigration violates blacks' civil rights	1
Trump says that " illegal immigration violates the civil rights of African Americans	Trump, in a statement, said illegal immigration violated the civil rights of African Americans.	1
Trump says that " illegal immigration violates the civil rights of African Americans	Donald Trump says illegal immigration violates African Americans' civil rights	1
Trump says that " illegal immigration violates the civil rights of African Americans	Trump says illegal immigration violates African Americans' civil rights	1
Trump says that " illegal immigration violates the civil rights of African Americans	Donald Trump says illegal immigration violates the civil rights of African Americans.	1
Trump says that " illegal immigration violates the civil rights of African Americans	Trump Says Illegal Immigration Violates Civil Rights of African Americans '.	1
LeEco takes on Apple , Google , Amazon , Netflix , Samsung , Oculus , Tesla and Uber in US debut	LeEco takes on Apple, Google, Amazon, Netflix, Samsung, Oculus, Tesla, and Uber in US debut	1
LeEco takes on Apple , Google , Amazon , Netflix , Samsung , Oculus , Tesla and Uber in US debut	LeEco takes on Apple, Google, Amazon, Netflix, Samsung, Oculus, Tesla, Uber in US debut	1
LeEco takes on Apple , Google , Amazon , Netflix , Samsung , Oculus , Tesla and Uber in US debut	LeEco takes on Apple, Google, Amazon, Netflix, Samsung, Oculus, Tesla and Uber in US debut	1
LeEco takes on Apple , Google , Amazon , Netflix , Samsung , Oculus , Tesla and Uber in US debut	LeEco looks to take on Apple, Google, Amazon, Netflix, Samsung, Oculus, Tesla and Uber in US debut	1
LeEco takes on Apple , Google , Amazon , Netflix , Samsung , Oculus , Tesla and Uber in US debut	LeEco takes on Amazon, Apple, Google, Amazon, Netflix, Samsung, Oculus, Tesla & amp ; Uber in US debut	1
LeEco takes on Apple , Google , Amazon , Netflix , Samsung , Oculus , Tesla and Uber in US debut	LeEco takes on Tesla, Amazon, Amazon, Apple, Google, Netflix, Samsung, Oculus, and Uber in US debut	1
I scored 503 on the Slate Friday News Quiz !	On Friday I scored 503 on the Slate news quiz!	1
I scored 503 on the Slate Friday News Quiz !	I scored 503 on the Slate Friday News Quiz!	1
I scored 503 on the Slate Friday News Quiz !	So I scored 503 on the Slate Friday News Quiz!	1
Brazil has become a deadly player in the global arms industry	Brazil becomes a deadly player in the global arms industry.	1
Brazil has become a deadly player in the global arms industry	Brazil is a deadly player in the global arms industry.	1
Brazil has become a deadly player in the global arms industry	Brazil emerges as a deadly player in the global arms industry	1
Brazil has become a deadly player in the global arms industry	Brazil is a deadly player in the global arms industry	1
Brazil has become a deadly player in the global arms industry	Brazil Becomes a Devastating Player in the Global Arms Industry	1
Brazil has become a deadly player in the global arms industry	Brazil is becoming a deadly player in the global arms industry.	1
2016 Proposition Song ! From @nprpolitics podcast	2016 Proposition Song!! From the @nprpolitics podcast	1
Nominate your choice for Social Impact in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for a Social Impact in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	1
Nominate your choice for Social Impact in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards for Social Impact.	1
Nominate your choice for Social Impact in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Social Impact at the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	1
GOP accuses State Dept . of ' cover-up ' to protect Clinton over emails	GOP Accuses State Dept. of'Cover-Up'to Protect Clinton Over Emails	1
GOP accuses State Dept . of ' cover-up ' to protect Clinton over emails	GOP Accuses State Dept. of'Cover-Up'to Protect Clinton Emails	1
GOP accuses State Dept . of ' cover-up ' to protect Clinton over emails	GOP accuses State Dept. of'cover-up'to protect Clinton over emails	1
GOP accuses State Dept . of ' cover-up ' to protect Clinton over emails	GOP Accuses State Dept. of'Cover-up'to Protect Clinton Over Emails	1
GOP accuses State Dept . of ' cover-up ' to protect Clinton over emails	GOP Accuses State Dept of'Cover-Up'to Protect Clinton Over Emails	1
GOP accuses State Dept . of ' cover-up ' to protect Clinton over emails	GOP Accuses State Dept of'Cover-Up'to Protect Clinton Emails	1
Its not Trumps supposed personality disorder that matters . Its his privilege	Its not Trumps supposed personality disorder that matters. Its his privilege	1
Its not Trumps supposed personality disorder that matters . Its his privilege	Its not Trumps presumptive personality disorder that matters. Its his privilege	1
Adtech isn't dead , it just has a lot of dead weight	Adtech Isnt Dead, It Just Has a Lot of Dead Weight	1
Adtech isn't dead , it just has a lot of dead weight	AdTech Isnt Dead, It Just Has a Lot of Dead Weight	1
Adtech isn't dead , it just has a lot of dead weight	Adtech isnt dead, it just has a lot of dead weight.	1
Adtech isn't dead , it just has a lot of dead weight	AdTech isn't dead, it just has a lot of dead weight.	1
Adtech isn't dead , it just has a lot of dead weight	Adtech isnt dead, it just has a lot of dead weight	1
Adtech isn't dead , it just has a lot of dead weight	Adtech isn't dead, it just has a lot of dead weight	1
I've worked at Harvard for 17 years and can't make the rent or my doctors ' co-pays .	I worked at Harvard for 17 years and can't make the rent or my doctors co-pays.	1
I've worked at Harvard for 17 years and can't make the rent or my doctors ' co-pays .	I've worked at Harvard for 17 years and can't make the rent or my doctors co-pays.	1
I've worked at Harvard for 17 years and can't make the rent or my doctors ' co-pays .	I've worked at Harvard for 17 years and can't make the rent or doctors co-payments.	1
I've worked at Harvard for 17 years and can't make the rent or my doctors ' co-pays .	I've worked at Harvard for 17 years and can't make the rent or my doctor's co-pays.	1
I've worked at Harvard for 17 years and can't make the rent or my doctors ' co-pays .	I worked for 17 years at Harvard and can't make the rent or my doctors co-pays.	1
President Obama explains why you cant run the U.S. like a startup	President Obama explains why you cant run the U.S. like a startup.	1
WikiLeaks tweets it has a " surprise in store Tim Kaine and Donna Brazile .	WikiLeaks tweets that it has a " surprise in store Tim Kaine and Donna Brazile.	1
Soldiers Struggling to Repay Enlistment Bonuses Issued in Error	Soldiers Struggling to Repay Enlistment Bonuses Issued in Error.	1
AT & T is buying Time Warner for $85.4 B in cash and shares	AT & T buys Time Warner for $85.4 B, including cash and/or shares	1
All Tesla cars built from now on will have all the hardware needed for full self-driving	All Tesla cars built from today on will have all hardware needed for full self-driving	1
All Tesla cars built from now on will have all the hardware needed for full self-driving	All Tesla cars built from today on will have all the hardware needed for full self-driving	1
All Tesla cars built from now on will have all the hardware needed for full self-driving	All Tesla cars built from now on have all hardware needed for full self-driving	1
General's guilty plea in leak probe fuels double-standard claims by Clinton critics	Generals guilty plea in leak probe fuels double-standard claims by Clinton critics	1
General's guilty plea in leak probe fuels double-standard claims by Clinton critics	General's guilty plea in leak probe fuels double-standard claims by Clinton critics...	1
General's guilty plea in leak probe fuels double-standard claims by Clinton critics	General's guilty plea in leak probe fuels double-standard claims by Clinton critics.	1
Vine is closing down , and the internet cant stand it	Vine is closing, and the internet cant stand IT!	1
Vine is closing down , and the internet cant stand it	Vine Is Closing, and the Internet Cant Stand It	1
Why is the election " rigged " at the very moment that a woman is on the verge of victory ?	Why Is the Election'Rigged'at the Very Moment That a Woman Is on the Verge of Victory?	1
Why is the election " rigged " at the very moment that a woman is on the verge of victory ?	Why is the election rigged when a woman is on the verge of victory?	1
Why is the election " rigged " at the very moment that a woman is on the verge of victory ?	Why is the election " rigged " at the very moment that a woman is on the verge of victory?	1
Why is the election " rigged " at the very moment that a woman is on the verge of victory ?	Why is the election'rigged'at the very moment a woman is on the verge of victory?	1
Man sentenced to 18 months in jail for hacking into accounts of celebrities and stealing nude photos and videos	Man sentenced to 18 months in jail for hacking into celebrities accounts'and stealing nude photos and videos	1
Clinton server email at heart of ' quid pro quo ' controversy contained Benghazi intel	Clinton server email at heart of'quid pro quo'controversy contained Benghazi intel	1
This new children's show is inspiring girls to embrace tech	This new childrens show is inspiring girls to embrace tech	1
This new children's show is inspiring girls to embrace tech	The new children's show is inspiring girls to embrace tech	1
This new children's show is inspiring girls to embrace tech	A new children's show inspired girls to embrace tech	1
This new children's show is inspiring girls to embrace tech	A new children's show is inspiring girls to embrace tech	1
Im 29 and I never learned how money works . Its time to fix that .	Im 29 and I Never Learned How Money Works. Its Time to Fix That.	1
Im 29 and I never learned how money works . Its time to fix that .	I never learned how money works. Im 29 and I Never Learned How Money Works. Its Time to Fix That.	1
Were increasingly paying more not to get the physical copy of a book or movie	Were increasingly paying more not to get the physical copy of a book or film	1
Were increasingly paying more not to get the physical copy of a book or movie	Were increasingly paying more not to get the physical copy of a book or movie.	1
One idea to help California build the housing it needs ? Use vacant lots in Los Angeles and San Francisco	One idea to help California build the housing it needs? Use vacant lots in Los Angeles and San Francisco.	1
How an attack on a company you've never heard of crushed the internet	How an attack on a company you've never heard of destroyed the internet	1
How an attack on a company you've never heard of crushed the internet	An attack on a company you've never heard of crushed the internet	1
How a big league prospect became a hit man for the mob .	How a Big League Prospect Became a Mob Hit Man	1
How a big league prospect became a hit man for the mob .	How a Big League Prospect Became a Hit Man for the Mob	1
How a big league prospect became a hit man for the mob .	How a Big League Prospect Became a Hit Man for the Mob.	1
Hillarys Al Smith Dinner address was absurdly funny and beautifully poignant .	Hillary Clintons Al Smith Dinner speech was absurdly funny and beautifully poignant.	1
Hillarys Al Smith Dinner address was absurdly funny and beautifully poignant .	Hillary Clinton's Al Smith Dinner address was absurdly funny and beautifully poignant.	1
Hillarys Al Smith Dinner address was absurdly funny and beautifully poignant .	Hillary Clintons Al Smith Dinner Address Was Ridiculously Funny and Beautifully Poignant	1
Hillarys Al Smith Dinner address was absurdly funny and beautifully poignant .	Hillary Clintons Al Smith Dinner address was absurdly funny and beautifully poignant.	1
Images reveal where Europe's Mars lander crashed	Images reveal crash site where Europe's Mars lander crashed	1
Topless selfie student crashes into police car in Texas , say officials	Topless selfie student crashes into Texas police car, officials say	1
Topless selfie student crashes into police car in Texas , say officials	Topless selfie student crashes into Texas police car, say officials	1
Topless selfie student crashes into police car in Texas , say officials	Topless selfie student crashes into Texas police car, report says	1
Topless selfie student crashes into police car in Texas , say officials	Topless selfie student crashes into Texas police car, Texas police say	1
Topless selfie student crashes into police car in Texas , say officials	Topless selfie student crashes into Texas police car, Texas official says	1
Topless selfie student crashes into police car in Texas , say officials	Topless selfie student crashes into Texas police car,'state official says	1
Top targets of Donald Trump's insults by month . Read the complete list here .	Top Targets of Donald Trump's Insults by Month: Here's a Complete List	1
Would you be prepared to pay more for your Uber if the money went to the driver ?	Would you be prepared to pay more for Uber if the money went to the driver?	1
Would you be prepared to pay more for your Uber if the money went to the driver ?	Would you pay more for Uber if the money went to the driver?	1
Would you be prepared to pay more for your Uber if the money went to the driver ?	Would you be prepared to pay more for your Uber if the money went to the driver?	1
Would you be prepared to pay more for your Uber if the money went to the driver ?	Would you pay more for your Uber if the money went to the driver?	1
Would you be prepared to pay more for your Uber if the money went to the driver ?	would you be prepared to pay more for your Uber if the money went to the driver?	1
Would you be prepared to pay more for your Uber if the money went to the driver ?	Would you be willing to pay more for your Uber if the money went to the driver?	1
You cant take your eyes off of those kielbasas !	You can't take your eyes off those kielbasas!	1
Is it tacky to display books you have no intention of reading ?	Is it tacky to display books you have no intention of reading?	1
Is it tacky to display books you have no intention of reading ?	Is it tacky to show books you have no intention of reading?	1
Is it tacky to display books you have no intention of reading ?	Is it tacky to display books that you have no intention of reading?	1
I think this ad will actually affect the election	I think this ad will actually affect the election,.	1
I think this ad will actually affect the election	I Think This Ad Will Actually Influence the Election	1
You cant predict a recession based on the length of an expansion ; it doesnt work that way .	You cant predict a recession based on the length of an expansion, it doesnt work that way.	1
You cant predict a recession based on the length of an expansion ; it doesnt work that way .	You can't predict a recession based on the length of an expansion, it doesn't work that way.	1
You cant predict a recession based on the length of an expansion ; it doesnt work that way .	You cant predict a recession based on the length of an expansion, it doesnt work that way	1
You cant predict a recession based on the length of an expansion ; it doesnt work that way .	You cant predict a recession on the length of an expansion ; it doesnt work that way.	1
You cant predict a recession based on the length of an expansion ; it doesnt work that way .	You cant predict a recession based on the length of the expansion, it doesnt work that way.	1
You cant predict a recession based on the length of an expansion ; it doesnt work that way .	You cant predict a recession on the length of an expansion, and it doesnt work that way.	1
You cant predict a recession based on the length of an expansion ; it doesnt work that way .	You cant predict recession based on the length of an expansion, it doesnt work that way.	1
You cant predict a recession based on the length of an expansion ; it doesnt work that way .	You cant predict a recession based on the length of an expansion ; it doesnt work that way.	1
You cant predict a recession based on the length of an expansion ; it doesnt work that way .	You can't predict a recession based on the length of an expansion ; it doesn't work that way.	1
You cant predict a recession based on the length of an expansion ; it doesnt work that way .	You cant predict a recession based on the length of the expansion, and it doesnt work that way.	1
You cant predict a recession based on the length of an expansion ; it doesnt work that way .	You cant predict a recession based on the length of the expansion ; it doesnt work that way.	1
Tour bus , tractor-trailer collide near Palm Springs , CA . Up to 10 people killed , according to CNN affiliate KESQ .	Tour bus, tractor-trailer collide near Palm Springs, CA According to KESQ CNN affiliate up to 10 people killed	1
Trump sexually humiliated a Miss Universe onstage with an orgasm joke	Donald Trump sexually humiliated Miss Universe onstage with an orgasm joke	1
Trump sexually humiliated a Miss Universe onstage with an orgasm joke	Trump sexually humiliated Miss Universe onstage with an orgasm joke.	1
Trump sexually humiliated a Miss Universe onstage with an orgasm joke	Donald Trump sexually humiliated Miss Universe onstage with an orgasm joke.	1
83 people arrested at Dakota Access Pipeline protest , North Dakota authorities say	83 people were arrested at the Dakota Access Pipeline protests, north Dakota authorities say.	1
83 people arrested at Dakota Access Pipeline protest , North Dakota authorities say	83 people arrested at Dakota Access Pipeline protest, North Dakota authorities say	1
83 people arrested at Dakota Access Pipeline protest , North Dakota authorities say	83 people were arrested at Dakota Access Pipeline protest in North Dakota, authorities say.	1
83 people arrested at Dakota Access Pipeline protest , North Dakota authorities say	83 people were arrested at the Dakota Access Pipeline protest, North Dakota authorities say	1
Watch President Obama read mean tweets as he slams Donald Trump last night on Jimmy Kimmel	Watch President Obama read mean tweets as he slams Trump on Jimmy Kimmel last night	1
Watch President Obama read mean tweets as he slams Donald Trump last night on Jimmy Kimmel	Watch President Obama read mean tweets, as he slams Donald Trump on Jimmy Kimmel last night	1
Watch President Obama read mean tweets as he slams Donald Trump last night on Jimmy Kimmel	Watch President Obama read mean tweets as he slams Trump on Jimmy Kimmel last night.	1
World's largest marine protected area declared in Antarctica	Declared World's Largest Marine Protected Area in Antarctica	1
World's largest marine protected area declared in Antarctica	Worlds Largest Marine Protected Area Declared in Antarctica	1
FBI chief may have broken law , says top Democrat	FBI head may have broken law, says top Democrat.	1
FBI chief may have broken law , says top Democrat	FBI Chief May Have Broken Law, Says Top Democrat	1
FBI chief may have broken law , says top Democrat	FBI chief may have broken law, says top Democrat.	1
FBI chief may have broken law , says top Democrat	FBI chief may have broken law, says top Democrat	1
Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani When I see Clinton , I see her in an orange jumpsuit	Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani When I See Clinton, I See Her in An Orange Jumpsuit	1
EU and Canada sign long-delayed free trade deal .	Canada and EU sign long-delayed free trade deal.	1
EU and Canada sign long-delayed free trade deal .	The EU and Canada sign a long-delayed free trade deal.	1
EU and Canada sign long-delayed free trade deal .	Canada and EU sign long-delayed Free Trade Deal	1
EU and Canada sign long-delayed free trade deal .	Both EU, Canada sign long-delayed free trade deal.	1
Roots of Trump family fortune traced to Canada brothel in Gold Rush era , because of course	Origins of Donald Trump's family fortune traced to a Canada brothel during the Gold Rush era, because of course	1
Roots of Trump family fortune traced to Canada brothel in Gold Rush era , because of course	Origins of Trump family fortune traced to Canada brothel during the Gold Rush era of course	1
Roots of Trump family fortune traced to Canada brothel in Gold Rush era , because of course	Roots of Trump family fortune traced to Canadian Gold Rush brothel, because of course	1
Roots of Trump family fortune traced to Canada brothel in Gold Rush era , because of course	roots of the Trump family fortune traced to Canadas Gold Rush era brothel, because of course.	1
A look inside the offices of Washington officials	An Inside Look Inside the Offices of Washington Officials	1
A look inside the offices of Washington officials	A peek inside the offices of Washington officials	1
A look inside the offices of Washington officials	A look inside Washington officials' offices	1
A look inside the offices of Washington officials	A look inside the Washington office of Washington officials	1
A look inside the offices of Washington officials	Looking inside the offices of Washington officials	1
All of my employees are having a tremendous problem with Obamacare .	All My Employees Have a Terrible Problem With Obamacare	1
All of my employees are having a tremendous problem with Obamacare .	All of my employees are having a tremendous problem with Obamacare	1
All of my employees are having a tremendous problem with Obamacare .	All of my employees are having a tremendous problem with Obamacare.	1
All of my employees are having a tremendous problem with Obamacare .	All my employees are having a tremendous problem with Obamacare.	1
All of my employees are having a tremendous problem with Obamacare .	Every employee in my company has a huge problem with Obamacare.	1
All of my employees are having a tremendous problem with Obamacare .	My entire team is having a tremendous problem with Obamacare.	1
All of my employees are having a tremendous problem with Obamacare .	All of my employees have a tremendous problem with Obamacare.	1
The Afghan woman in the famed National Geographic photo is arrested in Pakistan	Afghan Woman in Famous National Geographic Photo Is Arrested in Pakistan	1
The Afghan woman in the famed National Geographic photo is arrested in Pakistan	Afghan woman in famous national Geographic picture is arrested in Pakistan	1
The Afghan woman in the famed National Geographic photo is arrested in Pakistan	Afghan Woman in Popular National Geographic Photo Is Arrested in Pakistan	1
We have not been contacted by anyone . we don't know the facts Hillary Clinton says	We have not been contacted by anyone. we don't know the facts Hillary Clinton says	1
We have not been contacted by anyone . we don't know the facts Hillary Clinton says	We are not contacted by anyone. We don't know the facts Hillary Clinton says	1
We have not been contacted by anyone . we don't know the facts Hillary Clinton says	We have not been contacted by anyone. We don't know the facts Hillary Clinton says	1
How researchers accidentally turn carbon dioxide into ethanol	How researchers accidentally turn carbon dioxide into ethanol.	1
We don't know if it will happen again or when Dr Laura Gregory on Italy	We don't know if it will happen again or when Dr Laura Gregory will be on Italy	1
We don't know if it will happen again or when Dr Laura Gregory on Italy	We don't know if it will happen again, or when Dr Laura Gregory will be in Italy.	1
We don't know if it will happen again or when Dr Laura Gregory on Italy	We don't know if it will happen again or when Dr Laura Gregory is in Italy.	1
Hillary Clinton says " American people deserve to get the full and complete facts " on FBI email investigation .	Hillary Clinton says'American people deserve to get the full and complete facts'on the FBI's email investigation	1
Hillary Clinton says " American people deserve to get the full and complete facts " on FBI email investigation .	Hillary Clinton says " American people deserve to get the full and complete facts " about the FBI's emails	1
Can VR be used to create empathy ?	Can VR be used to create empathy?	1
Using South Africa's version of the N-word may soon mean jail time	Using the South African version of the N-word may soon mean jail time.	1
Using South Africa's version of the N-word may soon mean jail time	South Africa's version of the N-word may soon mean jail time	1
Workers have begun the process of tearing down the ' Jungle ' migrant camp in Calais , France	Workers start the process of tearing down the " Jungle " migrant camp in Calais, France	1
Clinton camp denies looking to Senate races , red states to polish foregone victory	Clinton camp denies looking to Senate races, red states to polish foregone victory	1
Clinton camp denies looking to Senate races , red states to polish foregone victory	Clinton camp denies looking to Senate races, red states to polish foregone victory.	1
Arrivals by boat face lifetime visa ban	Arrivals by boat face a lifetime visa ban	1
Arrivals by boat face lifetime visa ban	Arrivals by boat face life-time visa ban.	1
Arrivals by boat face lifetime visa ban	Arrivals by boat face lifetime visa ban.	1
Arrivals by boat face lifetime visa ban	Arrivals by boat face life time visa ban	1
Arrivals by boat face lifetime visa ban	Arrivals by boat face a lifetime visa ban.	1
Arrivals by boat face lifetime visa ban	Those arriving by boat face a lifetime visa ban.	1
Arrivals by boat face lifetime visa ban	Arrivals by boat face lifetime visa ban!	1
Jared Fogle's ex-wife sues Subway , alleging it failed to alert authorities he was pedophile	Jared Fogle's ex-wife sues Subway, alleging Subway failed to alert authorities he was pedophile	1
Jared Fogle's ex-wife sues Subway , alleging it failed to alert authorities he was pedophile	Jared Fogle's ex-wife sues Subway, alleging it failed to alert authorities he was pedophile	1
Jared Fogle's ex-wife sues Subway , alleging it failed to alert authorities he was pedophile	Jared Fogle's ex-wife sues Subway, alleging Subway didn't alert authorities he was pedophile	1
Metropolitan Opera Cancels Performance After White Substance Is Tossed Into Orchestra Pit	the Metropolitan Opera cancels performance after white substance is tossed into orchestra pit.	1
Metropolitan Opera Cancels Performance After White Substance Is Tossed Into Orchestra Pit	Metropolitan Opera cancels show as white substance gets tossed into orchestra pit	1
Metropolitan Opera Cancels Performance After White Substance Is Tossed Into Orchestra Pit	Metropolitan Opera Cancels Performance After White Substance Is Tossed In Orchestra Pit	1
Metropolitan Opera Cancels Performance After White Substance Is Tossed Into Orchestra Pit	Metropolitan Opera Cancels Performance After White Substance Is Thrown Into Orchestra Pit	1
Professor with Remarkable Track Record Predicts a Trump Election Win	Prof. with Remarkable Track Record Predicts a Trump Election Win	1
Professor with Remarkable Track Record Predicts a Trump Election Win	Professor with Remarkable Track Record Predicts a Trump Win	1
New York's Metropolitan Opera halts show over powder sprinkle	New York's Metropolitan Opera halts show over'powder'sprinkle	1
New York's Metropolitan Opera halts show over powder sprinkle	New York Metropolitan Opera halts show over powder sprinkle.	1
Twitter said it planned to cut some 350 jobs , or roughly 9% of its global work force	Twitter will cut 350 jobs, or roughly 9% of its worldwide work force.	1
Twitter said it planned to cut some 350 jobs , or roughly 9% of its global work force	Twitter says it is closing 350 jobs, roughly 9% of its global workforce.	1
Twitter said it planned to cut some 350 jobs , or roughly 9% of its global work force	Twitter plans to cut 350 jobs, or 9%, of Global Workforce	1
Twitter said it planned to cut some 350 jobs , or roughly 9% of its global work force	Twitter announced it planned to cut 350 jobs, or about 9% of its global workforce.	1
We've depleted our savings Veteran Susan Haley who had to repay her enlistment bonus	We've depleted our savings. Veteran Susan Haley had to repay her enlistment bonus	1
We've depleted our savings Veteran Susan Haley who had to repay her enlistment bonus	We've depleted our savings veteran Susan Haley had to repay her enlistment bonus	1
We've depleted our savings Veteran Susan Haley who had to repay her enlistment bonus	We've exhausted our savings Veteran Susan Haley, who had to repay her enlistment bonus	1
We've depleted our savings Veteran Susan Haley who had to repay her enlistment bonus	We've depleted our savings Veteran Susan Haley had to repay her enlistment bonus	1
We've depleted our savings Veteran Susan Haley who had to repay her enlistment bonus	We've exhausted our savings - Veteran Susan Haley had to repay her enlistment bonus	1
We've depleted our savings Veteran Susan Haley who had to repay her enlistment bonus	We've depleted our savings Veteran Susan Haley had to repay her enlistment bonus.	1
We've depleted our savings Veteran Susan Haley who had to repay her enlistment bonus	We have exhausted our savings Veteran Susan Haley had to repay her enlistment bonus	1
With @Jo_Becker I ask How does a guy walk out of NSA year after year with stacks of secrets ?	With @Jo_Becker, I ask How Does a Guy Walk Out of NSA Year After Year With Stacks of Secrets?	1
Mexico City stages first Day of the Dead parade	Mexico City organises first Day of the Dead parade.	1
Mexico City stages first Day of the Dead parade	Mexico City staged first Day of the Dead parade	1
Mexico City stages first Day of the Dead parade	Mexico City staged first day of the dead parade	1
Mexico City stages first Day of the Dead parade	Mexico City hosts first day of the dead parade	1
Mexico City stages first Day of the Dead parade	Mexico City holds first Day of the Dead parade.	1
Mexico City stages first Day of the Dead parade	Mexico City hosts 1st Day of the Dead parade!	1
Mexico City stages first Day of the Dead parade	Mexico City organizes first Day of the Dead parade	1
Mexico City stages first Day of the Dead parade	Mexico City holds first " Day of the Dead " parade	1
Mexico City stages first Day of the Dead parade	Mexico City staged a first Day of the Dead parade.	1
The third debate settled it He's not just cynical .	Third debate settled it He's not just cynical.	1
The third debate settled it He's not just cynical .	The third debate settled it He's not just cynical.	1
The third debate settled it He's not just cynical .	The third debate solved it He is not just cynical.	1
Trump calls the media " the world's most dishonest people	Trump calls the media the " world's most dishonest people	1
Trump calls the media " the world's most dishonest people	Trump Calls Media the Worlds Most Dishonest People	1
Trump calls the media " the world's most dishonest people	Trump Calls the Media the " Worlds Most Dishonest People	1
She didn't know her father was dead . It turned out his corpse was stranded in cold storage , waiting for burial .	She did not know her father was dead. It turned out his corpse was stranded in cold storage, waiting for burial.	1
She didn't know her father was dead . It turned out his corpse was stranded in cold storage , waiting for burial .	She didn't know her father was dead, but it turned out his corpse was stranded in cold storage, waiting for burial.	1
What we know about Hillary Clintons private email server	What we know about the private email server that holds Hillary Clintons emails	1
Any #Trump supporter like ' a legal terrorist	Any Trump supporter like'a legal terrorist '.	1
The fall of a leaf in autumn is an orchestrated death . A complex , brilliant , beautiful death .	The fall of a leaf in fall is an orchestrated death. A complex, brilliant, beautiful death.	1
The fall of a leaf in autumn is an orchestrated death . A complex , brilliant , beautiful death .	The fall of a leaf in autumn is an orchestrated death, a complex, brilliant and beautiful death.	1
The fall of a leaf in autumn is an orchestrated death . A complex , brilliant , beautiful death .	The fall of a leaf in autumn is an orchestrated death. A complex, brilliant, beautiful death.	1
The fall of a leaf in autumn is an orchestrated death . A complex , brilliant , beautiful death .	The fall of a leaf in autumn is an orchestrated death : complex, brilliant, beautiful death.	1
The fall of a leaf in autumn is an orchestrated death . A complex , brilliant , beautiful death .	The fall of a leaf in Autumn is an orchestrated death, a complex, brilliant, beautiful death.	1
The fall of a leaf in autumn is an orchestrated death . A complex , brilliant , beautiful death .	The fall of a leaf in autumn is a orchestrated death, a complex, brilliant, beautiful death.	1
The fall of a leaf in autumn is an orchestrated death . A complex , brilliant , beautiful death .	The fall of a leaf in autumn is an orchestrated death, a complex, brilliant, beautiful death.	1
The fall of a leaf in autumn is an orchestrated death . A complex , brilliant , beautiful death .	The fall of a leaf in Autumn is an orchestrated death. A complex, brilliant, beautiful death.	1
The fall of a leaf in autumn is an orchestrated death . A complex , brilliant , beautiful death .	Falling a Leaf in Autumn Is an Orchestrated Death. A Complex, Brilliant, Beautiful Death.	1
The fall of a leaf in autumn is an orchestrated death . A complex , brilliant , beautiful death .	Autumn, the Fall of a Leaf, Is an Orchestrated Death. A Complex, Brilliant, Beautiful Death.	1
This should have been a victory lap for Paul Ryan . Now he's working to keep both the party and his speakership safe .	It should have been a victory lap for Paul Ryan. Now he's working to keep both the party and his speakership safe.	1
This should have been a victory lap for Paul Ryan . Now he's working to keep both the party and his speakership safe .	This should have been a victory lap for Paul Ryan. Now he's working to keep both the party and his role as speaker safe.	1
Trump vows to sue all female accusers as 11th woman steps forward to claim inappropriate advances	Trump vows to sue all female accusers as 11th woman steps forward to claim inappropriate advances.	1
Trump vows to sue all female accusers as 11th woman steps forward to claim inappropriate advances	Trump vows to sue all female accusers as 11th woman steps forward to say inappropriate advances	1
A former north Wales police chief has been found guilty of historical child sex offences .	A former north Wales police chief has been found guilty of historical child sex offences.	1
A former north Wales police chief has been found guilty of historical child sex offences .	A former North Wales police chief has been found guilty of historical child sex offences.	1
Airbus envisions making Uber-like air taxis that beat traffic by flying over it	Airbus envisions making Uber-like air taxis that beat traffic by flying-over	1
Airbus envisions making Uber-like air taxis that beat traffic by flying over it	Airbus envisions making Uber-like Air Taxis that beat traffic by flying Over	1
Trump campaign manager @KellyannePolls on Clinton could put email issue to rest " today	Trump Campaign Manager KellyannePolls On Clinton Could Put Email Issue to Rest'today	1
Trump campaign manager @KellyannePolls on Clinton could put email issue to rest " today	#Trump campaign manager KellyannePolls on Clinton could put email issue to rest'today	1
Trump campaign manager @KellyannePolls on Clinton could put email issue to rest " today	Trump campaign manager KellyannePolls says Clinton could put email issue to rest " today	1
Trump campaign manager @KellyannePolls on Clinton could put email issue to rest " today	Trump campaign manager KellyannePolls on Clinton could put email issue to rest'today	1
Trump campaign manager @KellyannePolls on Clinton could put email issue to rest " today	Trump campaign manager @KellyannePolls on Clinton could put email issue to rest'today	1
Trump campaign manager @KellyannePolls on Clinton could put email issue to rest " today	Trump's campaign manager @KellyannePolls on Clinton could put email issue to rest " today	1
Trump campaign manager @KellyannePolls on Clinton could put email issue to rest " today	Trump team manager, KellyannePolls on Clinton could put email issue to rest'today	1
Trump campaign manager @KellyannePolls on Clinton could put email issue to rest " today	Trump campaign manager @KellyannePolls on Clinton could put email issue to rest " today.	1
Trump campaign manager @KellyannePolls on Clinton could put email issue to rest " today	Trump campaign manager KellyannePolls on Clinton could put email issue to rest " today	1
Trump campaign manager @KellyannePolls on Clinton could put email issue to rest " today	Trump's campaign manager @KellyannePolls on Clinton could put email issue to rest'today	1
The logo for the Cleveland Indians is an ugly racist caricature	The Cleveland Indians logo is an ugly racist caricature	1
Tim Kaine to Donald Trump " making all sorts of wild claims " about FBI letter " that just aren't true .	Tim Kaine to Trump'making all sorts of wild claims'about FBI letter " that just aren't true	1
Tim Kaine to Donald Trump " making all sorts of wild claims " about FBI letter " that just aren't true .	Tim Kaine to Trump'making all sorts of wild claims about FBI letter'that just aren't true	1
Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov passes through English Channel	Russian aircraft carrier, Admiral Kuznetsov, passes through English Channel	1
Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov passes through English Channel	Russian air carrier, Admiral Kuznetsov, passes through English Channel	1
Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov passes through English Channel	Russian air carrier Admiral Kuznetsov passes through English Channel	1
Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov passes through English Channel	Russian Navy Aircraft Carrier, Admiral Kuznetsov, Passes Through English Channel	1
Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov passes through English Channel	Russian aircraft carrier'Admiral Kuznetsov' passes through English Channel	1
Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov passes through English Channel	Russian air carrier Admiral Kuznetsov passes through English Channel.	1
What knitting can teach people about parenting	What Knitting Can Teach Us About Parenting	1
What knitting can teach people about parenting	What knitting can teach us about parenting.	1
This is the new MacBook Pro with the Magic Toolbar mini display	This is the new MacBook Pro with the Magic Toolbar mini display.	1
This is the new MacBook Pro with the Magic Toolbar mini display	This is the new MacBook Pro with the Magic Toolbar mini - display	1
This is the new MacBook Pro with the Magic Toolbar mini display	This is the new MacBook Pro with Magic Toolbar Mini Display	1
This is the new MacBook Pro with the Magic Toolbar mini display	This is the new MacBook Pro with the Magic Toolbar - Mini Display.	1
Voters aren't " fascinated with sex . They care about consent .	Voters aren't "fascinated" with sex. They care about consent.	1
Voters aren't " fascinated with sex . They care about consent .	Voters aren't 'fascinated with sex. They care about consent	1
Junko Tabei , first woman to conquer Mount Everest , dies at 77	Junko Tabei, the first woman to climb Everest, dies at 77	1
Junko Tabei , first woman to conquer Mount Everest , dies at 77	Junko Tabei, First Woman to Climb Everest, Dies at 77	1
Junko Tabei , first woman to conquer Mount Everest , dies at 77	Junko Tabei, first woman to conquer Everest, Dies at 77	1
Junko Tabei , first woman to conquer Mount Everest , dies at 77	Junko Tabei, first woman to climb Everest, dies at 77	1
Junko Tabei , first woman to conquer Mount Everest , dies at 77	Junko Tabei, first woman to summit Everest, dies at 77	1
Junko Tabei , first woman to conquer Mount Everest , dies at 77	Junko Tabei, First Woman to Conquer Everest, Dies at 77	1
Junko Tabei , first woman to conquer Mount Everest , dies at 77	First woman to conquer Everest, Junko Tabei Dies at 77	1
Junko Tabei , first woman to conquer Mount Everest , dies at 77	Junko Tabei, first woman to conquer Everest, Dies at 77.	1
Junko Tabei , first woman to conquer Mount Everest , dies at 77	Junko Tabei, first woman to climb Everest, dies at 77.	1
Junko Tabei , first woman to conquer Mount Everest , dies at 77	Junko Tabei, first woman to climb Everest, Dies at 77	1
Junko Tabei , first woman to conquer Mount Everest , dies at 77	First woman to climb Everest Junko Tabei, first woman to do so, passes away at 77	1
The Indians spoil Jake Arrieta's no-hitter , and cut the lead to 5-1 .	The Indians spoil Jake Arrieta's No-hitter and cut the lead to 5-1.	1
The Indians spoil Jake Arrieta's no-hitter , and cut the lead to 5-1 .	The Indians spoil Jake Arrieta's no-hitter and cut the lead to 5-1.	1
The Indians spoil Jake Arrieta's no-hitter , and cut the lead to 5-1 .	The Indians spoilt Jake Arrieta's no-hitter and cut the lead to 5-1.	1
The Indians spoil Jake Arrieta's no-hitter , and cut the lead to 5-1 .	The Indians spoil Jake Arrieta's No -hitter and cut the lead to 5-1.	1
The Indians spoil Jake Arrieta's no-hitter , and cut the lead to 5-1 .	The Indians spoil Jake Arrieta's No-hitter and reduce the lead to 5-1.	1
The Indians spoil Jake Arrieta's no-hitter , and cut the lead to 5-1 .	The Indians spoil Jake Arrieta's No hitter and cut the lead to 5-1.	1
The Indians spoil Jake Arrieta's no-hitter , and cut the lead to 5-1 .	The Indians spoil the No -hitter of Jake Arrieta and cut the lead to 5-1.	1
The Indians spoil Jake Arrieta's no-hitter , and cut the lead to 5-1 .	The Indians spoils Jake Arrieta's No-hitter and cut the lead to 5-1.	1
The Indians spoil Jake Arrieta's no-hitter , and cut the lead to 5-1 .	The Indians spoil the No-hitter by Jake Arrieta and cut the lead to 5-1.	1
The Indians spoil Jake Arrieta's no-hitter , and cut the lead to 5-1 .	The Indians spoil the No-hitter of Jake Arrieta and cut the lead to 5-1.	1
The Indians spoil Jake Arrieta's no-hitter , and cut the lead to 5-1 .	The Indians spoil Jake Arrieta's no-hitter and reduce the lead to 5-1.	1
The Indians spoil Jake Arrieta's no-hitter , and cut the lead to 5-1 .	The Indians spoilt Jake Arrieta's No-hitter and cut the lead to 5-1.	1
Health law tax penalty ? Ill take It , millions say .	Health Law Tax Penalty? Ill Take It, Millions Say	1
Health law tax penalty ? Ill take It , millions say .	Health law tax penalty Ill Take It, Millions Say	1
20 years ago , America embraced genetically modified crops . Despite the promise of miracles , they've fallen short .	20 years ago, America adopted genetically modified crops. Despite the promise of miracles, they have fallen short	1
Red Sift , a startup from ex-Shazam technical architect , wants to make your data work for you	Red Sift, a startup from ex-Shazam technical architect, wants to make your data work for you	1
Red Sift , a startup from ex-Shazam technical architect , wants to make your data work for you	Red Sift, a Startup From Ex-Shazam Technical architect, Wants to Make Your Data Work For You	1
San Francisco proposes new plan to clear tents off streets	San Francisco, Proposals New Plan to Clear Tents Off Streets	1
San Francisco proposes new plan to clear tents off streets	San Francisco city plans to clear tents off streets	1
San Francisco proposes new plan to clear tents off streets	San Francisco has proposed a new plan to clear tents off streets	1
San Francisco proposes new plan to clear tents off streets	San Francisco is proposing a new plan to clear tents off streets	1
San Francisco proposes new plan to clear tents off streets	San Francisco city proposes new plan to clear tents off streets	1
San Francisco proposes new plan to clear tents off streets	San Francisco Planning New Plan to Clear Tents Off Streets	1
In the email saga , a fresh twist summons familiar hysteria .	A fresh twist brings familiar hysteria in the email saga.	1
In the email saga , a fresh twist summons familiar hysteria .	In the email saga, a fresh twist summons familiar hysteria.	1
In the email saga , a fresh twist summons familiar hysteria .	In the email saga, a fresh twist summons familiar hysteria	1
In the email saga , a fresh twist summons familiar hysteria .	In the email saga, a fresh twist brings familiar hysteria.	1
In the email saga , a fresh twist summons familiar hysteria .	A fresh twist summons familiar hysteria in the email saga.	1
In the email saga , a fresh twist summons familiar hysteria .	A fresh twist summons familiar hysteria in the Email Saga.	1
In the email saga , a fresh twist summons familiar hysteria .	In the email saga, a fresh twist invokes familiar hysteria.	1
In the email saga , a fresh twist summons familiar hysteria .	In the Email Saga, a fresh twist summons familiar hysteria.	1
In the email saga , a fresh twist summons familiar hysteria .	In the Email Saga, a fresh twist brings familiar hysteria.	1
Militant attack on Iraq city of Kirkuk	Militant attack on Iraq city of Kirkuk.	1
Militant attack on Iraq city of Kirkuk	Militant attack on Iraq's city of Kirkuk	1
Militant attack on Iraq city of Kirkuk	Militant attacks on Iraqi city of Kirkuk	1
Militant attack on Iraq city of Kirkuk	Iraq: Militant attack on Iraqi city of Kirkuk	1
How does a MoMA conservator clean a Picasso ? With her spit .	How does a MoMA conservator clean a Picasso? With her spit.	1
How does a MoMA conservator clean a Picasso ? With her spit .	How Does a MoMA Conservator Clean a Picasso? With Her Spit	1
How does a MoMA conservator clean a Picasso ? With her spit .	How does a MoMA conservator clean a Picasso? With her spit	1
Vine's six seconds of fame are over . Is Twitter the next to fall ?	Vine's six seconds of fame are over. Is Twitter the next to fall?	1
Melania Trump appears surprised after Donald Trump announces she will give speeches	Melania Trump appears surprised after Donald Trump announces she will give speeches.	1
Melania Trump appears surprised after Donald Trump announces she will give speeches	Melania Trump appears surprised as Donald Trump announces she will give speeches	1
Melania Trump appears surprised after Donald Trump announces she will give speeches	Melania Trump looks surprised when Donald Trump announces she will give speeches	1
Peter Thiel defends his most contrarian move yet supporting Donald Trump	Peter Thiel Defends His Most Contrarian Move Yet Supporting Trump	1
Peter Thiel defends his most contrarian move yet supporting Donald Trump	Peter Thiel Defends His Most Contrarian Move Yet, Supporting Donald Trump	1
Think you love Starbucks coffee ? Probably not as much as this uncle in Hong Kong .	Think You Love Starbucks Coffee? Probably Not as Much As This Uncle in Hong Kong	1
Think you love Starbucks coffee ? Probably not as much as this uncle in Hong Kong .	Think You Love Starbucks Coffee? Probably Not As Much As This Uncle in Hong Kong.	1
Aid groups warn of children with nowhere to go after Calais " Jungle " closed	Aid groups warn of children with nowhere to go after Calais Jungle closes	1
Aid groups warn of children with nowhere to go after Calais " Jungle " closed	Aid groups warn of children with nowhere to go when Calais " Jungle " closes "	1
Aid groups warn of children with nowhere to go after Calais " Jungle " closed	Aid groups warn of children with nowhere to go after Calais Jungle Closed.	1
Aid groups warn of children with nowhere to go after Calais " Jungle " closed	Aid groups warn children with nowhere to go after Calais Jungle Closes	1
Forget the scary monsters . Halloween used to be about finding true love .	Forget the scary monsters. Halloween Used to Be About Finding True Love.	1
Chicago Cubs dominate Cleveland Indians with 5-1 win in Game 2 of the World Series	Chicago Cubs dominate Cleveland Indians with 5-1 win in Game 2 of World Series	1
Chicago Cubs dominate Cleveland Indians with 5-1 win in Game 2 of the World Series	Chicago Cubs dominate Cleveland Indians with 5-1 win in World Series Game 2	1
Chicago Cubs dominate Cleveland Indians with 5-1 win in Game 2 of the World Series	Cubs dominate Cleveland Indians in Game 2 of the World Series With 5-1 Win	1
Chicago Cubs dominate Cleveland Indians with 5-1 win in Game 2 of the World Series	The Chicago Cubs top the Cleveland Indians with a 5-1 win in Game 2 of the World Series	1
Huma Abedin seemed like a sure thing in a Clinton White House . But is the latest FBI inquiry a scandal too far ?	Huma Abedin Seems Like a Sure Thing in a Clinton White House. But Is The Latest FBI Investigation a Scandal Too Far?	1
Twitter's sales team may take a hit in big upcoming layoffs	Twitters Sales Team May Take a Hit in Big upcoming Layoffs	1
Twitter's sales team may take a hit in big upcoming layoffs	Twitters sales team may take a hit in big upcoming layoffs	1
Twitter's sales team may take a hit in big upcoming layoffs	Twitter Sales Team May Take a Hit in Big upcoming Layoffs	1
Twitter's sales team may take a hit in big upcoming layoffs	Twitters sales team may take a hit in big upcoming layoffs.	1
With Trump losing ground in Arizona , Republicans have seized on health insurance rate hikes to buoy them	With Trump losing ground in Arizona, Republicans have seized on health insurance hikes to buoy them	1
Twitter decides to release earnings while most of us are sleeping because reasons	Twitter decided to release earnings while most of us are sleeping because reasons	1
Twitter decides to release earnings while most of us are sleeping because reasons	Twitter decides to release earnings while most of us are sleeping because of	1
Even math teachers are at a loss to understand the annuities in their retirement plans	Even Math Teachers Are at a Loss to Understand Annuities in Their Retirement Plans	1
Facebook accused of removing breast cancer awareness video	Facebook is accused of removing a video showing breast cancer awareness	1
Facebook accused of removing breast cancer awareness video	Facebook was accused of removing a video on breast cancer awareness.	1
Facebook accused of removing breast cancer awareness video	Facebook has accused of removing a Breast Cancer Awareness Video	1
Facebook accused of removing breast cancer awareness video	Facebook accuses of removing breast cancer awareness video	1
WikiLeaks claims sham U.S. firm is trying to smear Assange	WikiLeaks claims sham US firm is trying to smear Assange	1
WikiLeaks claims sham U.S. firm is trying to smear Assange	WikiLeaks claims sham U.S. firm is trying to smear Assange.	1
WikiLeaks claims sham U.S. firm is trying to smear Assange	WikiLeaks says sham US firm is trying to smear Assange	1
50 TBs of classified data exfiltrated , including TAO's library of exploits ?	50 TBs of classified data exfiltrated, including TAOs library of exploits?	1
50 TBs of classified data exfiltrated , including TAO's library of exploits ?	50 TBs of classified data were exfiltrated, including the TAO Library of Exploits?	1
50 TBs of classified data exfiltrated , including TAO's library of exploits ?	50 TBs of classified data exfiltrated, including TAO's library of exploits?	1
50 TBs of classified data exfiltrated , including TAO's library of exploits ?	50 TBs of classified data were exfiltrated, including TAO's Library of Exploits	1
50 TBs of classified data exfiltrated , including TAO's library of exploits ?	50 TBs of classified data exposed, including TAO's library of exploits?	1
Apple's new MacBook Pro just killed off most of the ports you probably need	The new Apple MacBook Pro kills off most of the ports you probably need	1
Apple's new MacBook Pro just killed off most of the ports you probably need	Apple's new MacBook Pro kills off most of the ports you probably need	1
Small factories have become weapons in the fight against poverty	Small factories become weapons in the fight against poverty	1
Small factories have become weapons in the fight against poverty	Small factories are a weapon in the fight against poverty	1
Small factories have become weapons in the fight against poverty	Small factories have become weapons in the fight against poverty.	1
Small factories have become weapons in the fight against poverty	Small factories become weapon in the fight against poverty.	1
maybe don't grab her by anything d particularly her brains	maybe don't grab her by anything d especially her brains	1
maybe don't grab her by anything d particularly her brains	Probably don't grab her by anything d, particularly her brains	1
maybe don't grab her by anything d particularly her brains	Maybe don't grab her by anything d, especially her brains	1
Donald Trump holds rally in key battleground state of North Carolina	Trump holds rally at key battleground state of North Carolina	1
Donald Trump holds rally in key battleground state of North Carolina	Donald Trump holds rally in key battleground state of NC.	1
Donald Trump holds rally in key battleground state of North Carolina	Trump holds rally in key battleground - North Carolina	1
Our election forecast , updated often .	Our forecast for this election, updated often	1
Our election forecast , updated often .	Our Election Forecast -- Updated often	1
Our election forecast , updated often .	Our election forecast, updated often	1
Facebook launches augmented reality selfie " masks " for Live video	Facebook launches augmented reality selfie masks for live video	1
Facebook launches augmented reality selfie " masks " for Live video	Facebook launches augmented reality selfie " masks " for live /	1
Anti- U.S. protesters demand action after a violent police response	Anti- U.S. protesters demand action after violent police response	1
Anti- U.S. protesters demand action after a violent police response	Anti- US protesters demand action after violent police response	1
Anti- U.S. protesters demand action after a violent police response	Anti- u.s. protesters demand action after violent police response	1
Anti- U.S. protesters demand action after a violent police response	Anti-U.S. Protesters Demand Action After a Violent Police Response	1
Anti- U.S. protesters demand action after a violent police response	anti- U.S. protesters demand action after violent police response	1
Anti- U.S. protesters demand action after a violent police response	Anti-US protesters demand action after violent police response	1
Anti- U.S. protesters demand action after a violent police response	Anti- United States protesters demand action after violent police response	1
Anti- U.S. protesters demand action after a violent police response	Anti- U.S. Protesters Demand Action Following a Violent Police Response	1
Anti- U.S. protesters demand action after a violent police response	Anti- U.S. Protesters Demand Action After Violent Police Response	1
Anti- U.S. protesters demand action after a violent police response	Anti-U.S. protesters demand action after violent police response	1
Anti- U.S. protesters demand action after a violent police response	Anti-U.S. protesters demand action after violent police response.	1
Anti- U.S. protesters demand action after a violent police response	Anti-U.S. Protesters Demand Action After Violent Police Response	1
Long before Twitter , Martin Luther was a media pioneer	Long before Twitter, Martin Luther was a Media Pioneer	1
Long before Twitter , Martin Luther was a media pioneer	Long before Twitter, Martin Luther was a media pioneer	1
Long before Twitter , Martin Luther was a media pioneer	Long before Twitter, Martin Luther was a media pioneer.	1
Twitter lays off 9% of its workforce as it posts a much-needed positive Q3	Twitter Lays Off 9% of its Employees as It Posts a Much-Needed Positive Q3	1
Google's Jamboard is a huge digital whiteboard for collaboration	Google’s Jamboard is a huge digital whiteboard for collaboration	1
Google's Jamboard is a huge digital whiteboard for collaboration	Google's Jamboard is a big digital whiteboard for collaboration	1
Google's Jamboard is a huge digital whiteboard for collaboration	Googles Jamboard is a huge digital whiteboard for collaboration	1
Hillary Clinton was confident there would be no change to the FBIs decision to drop the case	Hillary Clinton was confident there would be no change to the decision of the FBI to drop the case.	1
Child refugees in Turkey making UK clothes	Child refugees in Turkey make UK clothes	1
Child refugees in Turkey making UK clothes	Child refugees in Turkey making UK clothes.	1
The internet hack on Friday offered a glimse at a new era of attacks , powered by everyday devices	The internet hack on Friday offered a glimpse at a new era of attacks powered by everyday devices	1
Video shows #Clinton coordinated with liberal group to incite crowds	video shows #Clinton coordinated with liberal group to incite crowds.	1
French officials prepare to demolish " Jungle " camp	French Officials Prepare to Demolish Jungle  Camp	1
A Palestinian woman who once wore a suicide vest now embraces a nonviolent form of jihad .	A Palestinian Woman Who Used to Wear a Suicide Vest Now Embraces a Nonviolent Form of Jihad	1
A Palestinian woman who once wore a suicide vest now embraces a nonviolent form of jihad .	A Palestinian Woman who once wore a suicide vest now embraces a non-violent form of jihad	1
A Palestinian woman who once wore a suicide vest now embraces a nonviolent form of jihad .	Palestinian woman who once wore a suicide vest now embraces a non-violent form of Jihad	1
A Palestinian woman who once wore a suicide vest now embraces a nonviolent form of jihad .	A Palestinian woman who once wore a suicide vest now embraced a non-violent form of jihad.	1
aide in new WikiLeaks email We need to clean this up	aide in new WikiLeaks email We need to clean this up!	1
aide in new WikiLeaks email We need to clean this up	aide in new WikiLeaks email: "We need to clean this up	1
Early voting suggests tight race in key states despite Clinton camp boast	Early voting suggests tight race in key states despite Clinton's boast	1
Trump is promising a tantrum after Nov . Lets turn away from it , writes @FrankBruni .	Trump Is Promised a Tantrum After Nov. Lets Turn Away From It, writes @FrankBruni	1
Trump is promising a tantrum after Nov . Lets turn away from it , writes @FrankBruni .	Trump is promising a tantrum after Nov. Lets turn away from it, writes @FrankBruni.	1
Trump is promising a tantrum after Nov . Lets turn away from it , writes @FrankBruni .	Trump Promises Tantrum After Nov. Lets Turn Away From It, writes @FrankBruni	1
Hillary Clinton addresses the investigation into newly discovered emails	Hillary Clinton addresses the probe into newly discovered emails	1
Russia voted off U . s influential Human Rights Council after Aleppo bombings .	Russia Voted Off u.s influential Human Rights Council After Aleppo Bombings	1
A road trip 42 years ago shows a side of Hillary Clinton that the public rarely sees	A 42-year road trip shows a side of Hillary Clinton that the public rarely sees.	1
Tech blogger finds proof DNC chief's emails weren't ' doctored ' despite claims	Tech blogger proves DNC chief's emails weren't doctored'despite claims	1
Tech blogger finds proof DNC chief's emails weren't ' doctored ' despite claims	Tech blogger finds evidence DNC chief's emails weren't'doctored'despite claims	1
Tech blogger finds proof DNC chief's emails weren't ' doctored ' despite claims	Tech Blogger Finds Proof DNC Chief's Emails Were Not Doctored Despite Claims	1
Tech blogger finds proof DNC chief's emails weren't ' doctored ' despite claims	Tech blogger finds proof DNC chief's emails weren't doctored despite claims	1
Trump , in his own Gettysburg address , did not seem to embrace Lincoln's unifying ambition	In his own Gettysburg address, Trump did not seem to embrace Lincoln's unifying ambition	1
Trump , in his own Gettysburg address , did not seem to embrace Lincoln's unifying ambition	In Gettysburg Address, Trump did not seem to embrace Lincoln's unifying ambition	1
Why wait a month for a sofa that's not even what you wanted ? Start-ups are trying to change that .	Why wait a month for a sofa that's not even what you wanted? Start-ups are trying to change that.	1
MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others in 2-3 weeks	MacBook Pro Laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others within 2-3 weeks	1
MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others in 2-3 weeks	MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399; smaller model ships today and others within 2-3 weeks	1
MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others in 2-3 weeks	Laptops running new MacBook Pro cost from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others within 2-3 weeks	1
MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others in 2-3 weeks	MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others in 2-3 weeks.	1
MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others in 2-3 weeks	MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today, and others in 2-3 weeks	1
MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others in 2-3 weeks	MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today, and others in 2-3 weeks,	1
MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others in 2-3 weeks	MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399, small model ships today and others within 2-3 weeks.	1
MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others in 2-3 weeks	MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others within 2-3 weeks	1
MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others in 2-3 weeks	MacBook Pro Laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others in 2-3 weeks!	1
MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others in 2-3 weeks	MacBook Pro Laptops Ranging From $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; Smaller Model Ships Today and Others In 2-3 Weeks	1
MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others in 2-3 weeks	New MacBook Pro Laptops Cost From $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller Model Ships Today and Others in 2-3 Weeks	1
MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others in 2-3 weeks	MacBook Pro Laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today, and others within 2-3 weeks	1
MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others in 2-3 weeks	MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others within 2-3 weeks.	1
MacBook Pro laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today and others in 2-3 weeks	MacBook Pro Laptops range from $ 1,499 to $ 2,399 ; smaller model ships today, and others in 2-3 weeks	1
Apple's introduces thinner MacBook Pro with multi-touch retina display ' touch bar ' replacing function keys	Apple introduces thin MacBook Pro with Multi-touch retina display'touch bar'replacing function keys	1
Pakistan high commission staffer detained by police in Delhi Times of India , NewsX , News18	Pakistan high commission staffer detained by police in Delhi Times of India, NewsX, News18	1
Pakistan high commission staffer detained by police in Delhi Times of India , NewsX , News18	Pakistan High Commission Staffer Detained by Police in Delhi Times of India, NewsX, News18	1
Pakistan high commission staffer detained by police in Delhi Times of India , NewsX , News18	Pakistan high commission staffer detained by police in Delhi Times of India, NewsX, News18!!	1
Pakistan high commission staffer detained by police in Delhi Times of India , NewsX , News18	Pakistan High Commission Staffer Detained by Police in NewsX, News18 in Delhi Times of India	1
Pakistan high commission staffer detained by police in Delhi Times of India , NewsX , News18	Pakistan high commission staffer detained by police in Delhi Times of India, NewsX, News18 h	1
Pakistan high commission staffer detained by police in Delhi Times of India , NewsX , News18	Pakistan high commission staffer held by police in Delhi Times of India, NewsX, News18	1
Pakistan high commission staffer detained by police in Delhi Times of India , NewsX , News18	Pakistan high commission staffer held captive by police in Delhi Times of India, NewsX, News18	1
World wildlife populations have fallen by two-thirds in just 50 years	Global wildlife populations have fallen by two-thirds in 50 years.	1
World wildlife populations have fallen by two-thirds in just 50 years	World wildlife populations are down by 2/3 in 50 years	1
World wildlife populations have fallen by two-thirds in just 50 years	Global wildlife populations fall by two-thirds in 50 years	1
World wildlife populations have fallen by two-thirds in just 50 years	Worldwide wildlife populations are down by nearly two-thirds in 50 years	1
World wildlife populations have fallen by two-thirds in just 50 years	Two-thirds of the worlds wildlife population have declined in 50 years.	1
World wildlife populations have fallen by two-thirds in just 50 years	World wildlife populations have fallen by two-thirds in 50 years	1
World wildlife populations have fallen by two-thirds in just 50 years	World wildlife populations fall by two-thirds in 50 years	1
World wildlife populations have fallen by two-thirds in just 50 years	Worldwide wildlife populations fall by two-thirds in 50 years	1
World wildlife populations have fallen by two-thirds in just 50 years	World wildlife populations have fallen by two-thirds in 50 years.	1
World wildlife populations have fallen by two-thirds in just 50 years	The global wildlife population has dropped by two-thirds in 50 years.	1
World wildlife populations have fallen by two-thirds in just 50 years	The global wildlife population has fallen by two-thirds in 50 years	1
World wildlife populations have fallen by two-thirds in just 50 years	World wildlife populations have fallen by 2/3 in 50 years.	1
World wildlife populations have fallen by two-thirds in just 50 years	World wildlife populations have fallen by 2/3 in 50 years	1
Six months ago , Democrats seemed to have no shot in Missouri . Now it's a key arena in the fight for the Senate .	Six months ago Democrats seemed to have no shot in Missouri. Now it's a key arena in the fight for the Senate.	1
Some 15 million new jobs have been added under Obamas watch . Trump never mentions that .	An estimated 15 million jobs are being created under Obama. Trump Never Mentions That.	1
Earthquake with preliminary magnitude of 6.4 strikes central Italy about 2 hours after 5.5 quake	Earthquake with preliminary magnitude of 6.4 strikes Central Italy roughly 2 hours after 5.5 quake.	1
Earthquake with preliminary magnitude of 6.4 strikes central Italy about 2 hours after 5.5 quake	Earthquake with preliminary magnitude of 6.4 strikes central Italy 2 hours after 5.5 quake	1
How will self-driving cars change cities ? It depends on who owns them	How Will Self-Driving Cars Change Cities? It Depends on Who Owns These	1
How will self-driving cars change cities ? It depends on who owns them	How will self-driving cars change cities? Depends who owns them.	1
How will self-driving cars change cities ? It depends on who owns them	How will self-driving cars change the cities? It depends who owns them	1
How will self-driving cars change cities ? It depends on who owns them	How Will Self-Driving Cars Change Cities? Depends Who Owns Them	1
How will self-driving cars change cities ? It depends on who owns them	How Will Self-Driving Cars Change Cities? Depends on Who Owns Them	1
How will self-driving cars change cities ? It depends on who owns them	Will Self-Driving Cars Change Cities? It Depends Who Owns Them	1
Dow ends down 30 points , Nasdaq sinks 0.7% . LA Times owner Tronc dives 28% as takeover hopes fade .	Dow ends down 30 points, Nasdaq sinks 0.7%. LA Times owner Tronc dives 28% as takeover hopes fade.	1
Dow ends down 30 points , Nasdaq sinks 0.7% . LA Times owner Tronc dives 28% as takeover hopes fade .	Dow ends down 30 points, Nasdaq sinks 0.7%. LA Times owner Tronc dives 28% as buyout hopes fade.	1
Dow ends down 30 points , Nasdaq sinks 0.7% . LA Times owner Tronc dives 28% as takeover hopes fade .	Nasdaq drops 0.7%, Dow drops 30 pips, LA Times owner Tronc dives 28% as takeover hopes fade.	1
Dow ends down 30 points , Nasdaq sinks 0.7% . LA Times owner Tronc dives 28% as takeover hopes fade .	Dow ends down 30 points, Nasdaq drops 0.7%. LA Times owner Tronc dives 28% as takeover hopes fade.	1
Dow ends down 30 points , Nasdaq sinks 0.7% . LA Times owner Tronc dives 28% as takeover hopes fade .	Nasdaq drops 0.7%, Dow drops 30 points, Nasdaq sinks 0.7%. LA Times owner Tronc dives 28%, as takeover hopes fade	1
Who or what do we have to blame for yesterday's internet-destroying outages ?	Who or what are we to blame for the internet-destroying outages yesterday?	1
It is confounding that James Comey did not provide more details on Hillary Clinton's emails .	It is disturbing that James Comey did not give more details on Hillary Clintons emails	1
It is confounding that James Comey did not provide more details on Hillary Clinton's emails .	It is Confounding That James Comey Did Not Provide More Details On Hillary Clintons Emails.	1
It is confounding that James Comey did not provide more details on Hillary Clinton's emails .	It is confounding that James Comey did not provide more details about Clinton's emails.	1
It is confounding that James Comey did not provide more details on Hillary Clinton's emails .	It is confounding that James Comey did not provide more details on Hillary Clintons emails.	1
It is confounding that James Comey did not provide more details on Hillary Clinton's emails .	It is confounding that James Comey did not provide more details on Clinton emails.	1
It is confounding that James Comey did not provide more details on Hillary Clinton's emails .	It is confounding that James Comey did not provide more details on Clinton's emails.	1
Scotland has the gayest parliament in the world , " says one expert .	Scotland Has the Gayest Parliament in the World, Says Expert.	1
Scotland has the gayest parliament in the world , " says one expert .	Scotland has the gayest Parliament in the world "says one expert	1
Scotland has the gayest parliament in the world , " says one expert .	Scotland has the gayest parliament in the world, " one expert says	1
Scotland has the gayest parliament in the world , " says one expert .	Scotland has the gayest parliament in the world, says one expert.	1
Scotland has the gayest parliament in the world , " says one expert .	Scotland Has the Gayest Parliament in the World, Says Expert	1
Scotland has the gayest parliament in the world , " says one expert .	Scottish Parliament has the world's gayest Parliament, says one expert	1
CNN updates its electoral college map to move 2 states in Trump's direction , from " lean Democratic " to battleground	CNN updates its electoral college map to move 2 states in Trump's direction From Lean Democratic to Battleground	1
CNN updates its electoral college map to move 2 states in Trump's direction , from " lean Democratic " to battleground	CNN updates its electoral college map to move 2 states in Trump's direction, from lean democrat to battleground	1
CNN updates its electoral college map to move 2 states in Trump's direction , from " lean Democratic " to battleground	CNN updates its electoral college map to move 2 states in Donald Trump's direction, from " lean Democratic " to battleground	1
CNN updates its electoral college map to move 2 states in Trump's direction , from " lean Democratic " to battleground	CNN updates its electoral college map to move 2 states in Trump's direction, from " lean Democratic " to battleground	1
CNN updates its electoral college map to move 2 states in Trump's direction , from " lean Democratic " to battleground	CNN updates its electoral college map to move 2 states in Trump's direction, from'lean Democratic'to battleground	1
The Alt-Right conspiracy image generator , by Rob @Beschizza .	The Alt Right conspiracy image generator, by Rob @Beschizza.	1
The Alt-Right conspiracy image generator , by Rob @Beschizza .	The Alt Right conspiracy image generator by Rob @Beschizza.	1
No matter what they throw at us in these last days , we're not going to back down .	No matter what they throw at us in these last days, we won't back down.	1
No matter what they throw at us in these last days , we're not going to back down .	No matter what they throw at us in these last days, we're not going to back down	1
No matter what they throw at us in these last days , we're not going to back down .	No matter what they throw at us in these last days, we're not going back down.	1
No matter what they throw at us in these last days , we're not going to back down .	No matter what they throw at us in these last days, we're not going to back down.	1
Organizations have raised nearly $200 million to support Hillary Clinton , defying expectations about spending	Organizations are raising nearly $200 million to support Hillary Clinton, defying expectations of spending	1
Organizations have raised nearly $200 million to support Hillary Clinton , defying expectations about spending	Organizations have raised nearly $200 million to support Clinton, defying expectations about spending	1
The first black Chicago Cub in #WorldSeries history will bat first in Game 1	The first black Chicago Cub in World Series history will bat first in Game 1	1
The first black Chicago Cub in #WorldSeries history will bat first in Game 1	The first black Chicago Cub in #WorldSeries history will bat in Game 1 first.	1
A new climate-friendlier coolant has a catch	New Climate-Friendlier Coolant Has a Catch,	1
A new climate-friendlier coolant has a catch	A new climate-friendlier coolant has a catch.	1
Hillary calls Trump's plan for the economy " trickle-down economics on steroids	Hillary Calls Trump's Plan for the Economy Trickle-down Economics on Steroids	1
Hillary calls Trump's plan for the economy " trickle-down economics on steroids	Hillary calls Trump's plan for the economy'trickle-down economics on steroids '.	1
Zadie Smith , one of this generation's most vital literary voices , on becoming whole	Zadie Smith, One of the Most Vital Literary Voices of The Generation, on Becoming Whole	1
Zadie Smith , one of this generation's most vital literary voices , on becoming whole	Zadie Smith, One of this Generation's Most Vital Literary Voices, reflects on becoming whole	1
Zadie Smith , one of this generation's most vital literary voices , on becoming whole	Zadie Smith, One of the Most Vital Literary Voices of Our Generation, On Becoming Whole	1
Zadie Smith , one of this generation's most vital literary voices , on becoming whole	Zadie Smith, one of this generation's most vital literary voices, on becoming whole	1
A new form of advertising is trending on your phone and you may not even know it's happening	A New Form of Advertising Is Trending on Your Phone and You May Not Even Know Its Happening	1
A new form of advertising is trending on your phone and you may not even know it's happening	A New Form of Advertising Is Trending on Your Phone, and You May Not Even Know It's Happening	1
A new form of advertising is trending on your phone and you may not even know it's happening	New Form of Advertising Is Trending on Your Phone and We May Not Even Know Its Happening	1
A new form of advertising is trending on your phone and you may not even know it's happening	A New Art of Advertising is Trending on Your Phone, and You Might Not Even Know Its Happening	1
Hillarys Humayun Khan ad is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	Hillary Clintons Humayun Khan ad is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	1
Hillarys Humayun Khan ad is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective	Hillarys Humar Khan ad is brutal to watch and devastatingly effective.	1
Hillary Clinton in Raleigh , NC I want to give Donald Trump " a chance to pay more taxes	Hillary Clinton in Raleigh, NC I Want to Give Donald Trump a Chance to Pay More Taxes	1
Hillary Clinton in Raleigh , NC I want to give Donald Trump " a chance to pay more taxes	Hillary Clinton in Raleigh, NC I want to give Donald Trump a chance to pay more taxes.	1
Hillary Clinton in Raleigh , NC I want to give Donald Trump " a chance to pay more taxes	Clinton in Raleigh, NC I want to give Trump'a chance to pay more taxes	1
Is this the email that hacked John Podesta's account ?	Is this the email that hacked John Podestas account?	1
Is this the email that hacked John Podesta's account ?	Is this the email that hacked John Podesta's account?	1
Is this the email that hacked John Podesta's account ?	This is the email that hacked John Podesta's account. Is this the one that hacked him?	1
Well-tended graves of congressmen . The other , next to it The broken gravestones of black citizens .	The Well-tended Graves of Congressmen. The Other, Next to It, The Broken Gravestones of Black Citizens.	1
Well-tended graves of congressmen . The other , next to it The broken gravestones of black citizens .	Good-tended graves of Congressmen. The other, next to it The broken gravestones of black citizens.	1
Well-tended graves of congressmen . The other , next to it The broken gravestones of black citizens .	The well-tended graves of congressmen and the other next to them the broken gravestones of black citizens.	1
When Mike Tyson was convicted of rape in 1992 , Donald Trump came to his defense	When Tyson was convicted of rape in 1992, Donald Trump came to his defense	1
When Mike Tyson was convicted of rape in 1992 , Donald Trump came to his defense	When Mike Tyson was convicted of rape in 1992, Donald Trump came to his defense	1
When Mike Tyson was convicted of rape in 1992 , Donald Trump came to his defense	When Tyson was convicted of rape in 1992, Trump came to his defense	1
When Mike Tyson was convicted of rape in 1992 , Donald Trump came to his defense	When Mike Tyson was convicted of rape in 1992, Trump came to his defense.	1
When Mike Tyson was convicted of rape in 1992 , Donald Trump came to his defense	When Mike Tyson was convicted of rape in 1992, Trump came to his defense	1
When Mike Tyson was convicted of rape in 1992 , Donald Trump came to his defense	When Mike Tyson was convicted of rape in 1992, Donald Trump came to his defense.	1
How charges of voter fraud became a political strategy	How the charges of voter fraud became a political strategy	1
How charges of voter fraud became a political strategy	How charged with voter fraud became a political strategy	1
How charges of voter fraud became a political strategy	How a charge of voter fraud became a political strategy	1
How charges of voter fraud became a political strategy	How Voter Fraud Charges Became a Political Strategy	1
How charges of voter fraud became a political strategy	How charges of voter fraud became a political strategy.	1
How charges of voter fraud became a political strategy	How accusations of voter fraud became a political strategy	1
How charges of voter fraud became a political strategy	How Charges of Voter Fraud Became a Political Strategy.	1
How charges of voter fraud became a political strategy	How accusations of voter fraud became a political strategy.	1
Which country is the most generous in the world ?	Whose country is the most generous in the world?	1
Which country is the most generous in the world ?	Which country is the most generous in the world?	1
Which country is the most generous in the world ?	Which country is most generous in the world?	1
Which country is the most generous in the world ?	What country is the most generous in the world?	1
These are Teslas stunning new solar roof tiles for homes	These are Tesla's stunning new solar roof tiles for homes	1
These are Teslas stunning new solar roof tiles for homes	These are Teslas stunning new solar roof tiles for	1
These are Teslas stunning new solar roof tiles for homes	These are Tesla's stunning new solar roof tiles for	1
These are Teslas stunning new solar roof tiles for homes	These Are Teslas Amazing New Solar Roof Tiles for homes	1
These are Teslas stunning new solar roof tiles for homes	These are Tesla’s stunning new solar roof tiles for homes	1
At 3 apartment buildings in NYC , a movement is underway to drop the Trump name	At 3 Community Buildings in NYC, a Movement Is Going To Drop the Trump Name	1
At 3 apartment buildings in NYC , a movement is underway to drop the Trump name	At 3 NYC apartment buildings, a movement is underway to drop the Trump name	1
At 3 apartment buildings in NYC , a movement is underway to drop the Trump name	At 3 NYC Lofts, a Movement Is Currently Trying to Drop the Trump Name	1
At 3 apartment buildings in NYC , a movement is underway to drop the Trump name	At 3 Flats in NYC, a Movement Is Getting Started To Drop the Trump Name	1
At 3 apartment buildings in NYC , a movement is underway to drop the Trump name	A movement is underway to drop Trump name at 3 apartment buildings in NYC	1
At 3 apartment buildings in NYC , a movement is underway to drop the Trump name	At 3 Apartment Buildings in NYC, a Movement Is Taking Place to Drop the Trump Name	1
At 3 apartment buildings in NYC , a movement is underway to drop the Trump name	A movement is underway to drop the Trump name at 3 NYC apartment buildings	1
At 3 apartment buildings in NYC , a movement is underway to drop the Trump name	At 3 NYC Apartment Buildings, a Movement Is Taking Place to Drop the Trump Name	1
At 3 apartment buildings in NYC , a movement is underway to drop the Trump name	At 3 NYC Apartment Buildings, a Movement Is Getting Started to Drop the Trump Name	1
Will Central Asia fight over water ?	Will Central Asia fight over water?	1
Singer says 76ers nixed her National Anthem performance over ' We Matter ' jersey	Singer says 76ers nixed her National Anthem performance over'We Matter'jersey	1
Singer says 76ers nixed her National Anthem performance over ' We Matter ' jersey	Singer says 76ers ignored her National Anthem performance over'We Matter'Jersey	1
Singer says 76ers nixed her National Anthem performance over ' We Matter ' jersey	Singer says 76ers nixed her national anthem performance over'We Matter'jersey	1
Singer says 76ers nixed her National Anthem performance over ' We Matter ' jersey	Singer says 76ers have nixed her national anthem performance over her 'We Matter'jersey	1
Singer says 76ers nixed her National Anthem performance over ' We Matter ' jersey	Singer Says 76ers Nixed Her National Anthem Performance Over'We Matter'Jersey	1
The NYT obituary for Tom Hayden , the civil rights and antiwar activist turned lawmaker	The New York Times obituary for Tom Hayden, Civil Rights and Antiwar activist turned lawmaker	1
The NYT obituary for Tom Hayden , the civil rights and antiwar activist turned lawmaker	The NYT obituary of Tom Hayden, Civil Rights and Antiwar activist turned lawmaker	1
Everything announced at Microsoft's Windows 10 event	Everything announced at Microsoft Windows 10 event!	1
Everything announced at Microsoft's Windows 10 event	Everything announced at Microsoft's Windows 10 event.	1
Everything announced at Microsoft's Windows 10 event	Everything announced at Microsoft Windows 10 event	1
Everything announced at Microsoft's Windows 10 event	Everything announced at Microsoft's Windows 10 event Everything announced at the Microsoft Windows 10 event	1
Everything announced at Microsoft's Windows 10 event	All the announcements announced at Microsoft's Windows 10 event	1
As China's deserts expand , people who live on their edges are becoming climate refugees	As China's Deserts Expand, People on Their Edges Become Climate Refugees.	1
As China's deserts expand , people who live on their edges are becoming climate refugees	As Chinas Deserts Expand, People on Their Edges Are Becoming Climate Refugees.	1
Was it worth it , guys ?	Was it worth it, guys?	1
Was it worth it , guys ?	Dude, Was It Worth It, Guys?	1
They were there when Hillary Clinton ran for student council president , and they'll be there on Election Day	They were there when Hillary Clinton ran for Student Council president, and they'll be there on Election Day	1
They were there when Hillary Clinton ran for student council president , and they'll be there on Election Day	They were there when Hillary Clinton ran for president of the student council, and they'll be there on Election Day	1
They were there when Hillary Clinton ran for student council president , and they'll be there on Election Day	They were there when Hillary Clinton ran for Student Council president, and they'll be there on Election Day'.	1
They were there when Hillary Clinton ran for student council president , and they'll be there on Election Day	They were there when Hillary Clinton ran for Student Council President, and they'll be there on Election Day.	1
I am in a test for Twitters new @ reply design and it is a mess	I am in a test for Twitters new @ reply design and it's a mess	1
I am in a test for Twitters new @ reply design and it is a mess	I am in a test for @Twitters new @ reply design and it is a mess	1
I am in a test for Twitters new @ reply design and it is a mess	I am in a test for Twitter's new @ reply design and it is a mess	1
Gordon Hamilton , a climate scientist who studied glaciers , died in an accident in Antarctica	Gordon Hamilton, climate scientist who analyzed glaciers, dies after accident in Antarctica	1
What does she use to clean a dusty Picasso at MoMA ?	What Does She Use to Clean a Dusty Picasso at MoMA?	1
Here's some of the spy services AT & T offers law enforcement	Here's some of the spy services AT & T offers Law Enforcement.	1
Here's some of the spy services AT & T offers law enforcement	Some of the spying services AT & T offers law enforcement	1
Leading Democrats are urging Hillary Clinton to spend more money to mobilize black voters	Leading Democrats Call for Clinton to Spend More Money to Recruit Black Voters	1
Leading Democrats are urging Hillary Clinton to spend more money to mobilize black voters	Leading Democrats Call for Clinton to Spend More Money to Engage Black Voters	1
Leading Democrats are urging Hillary Clinton to spend more money to mobilize black voters	Leading Democrats Urge Hillary Clinton to Spend More Money to Resurrect Black Voters	1
Leading Democrats are urging Hillary Clinton to spend more money to mobilize black voters	Leading Democrats Urge Hillary Clinton to Spend More Money to Engage Black Voters	1
Sorry Apple , but everyone thinks Microsoft won	Sorry, Apple, but everyone thinks Microsoft wins	1
Sorry Apple , but everyone thinks Microsoft won	Sorry Apple, but Everyone Thinks Microsoft Wins!	1
Sorry Apple , but everyone thinks Microsoft won	Sorry @Apple, but everyone thinks Microsoft won	1
Sorry Apple , but everyone thinks Microsoft won	Sorry Apple, but everyone thinks Microsoft won	1
Undercover with a militia patrolling the US-Mexico border	Undercover with MILitia Patrolling the US-Mexico Border	1
Or , to whom are you delivering the floor plans of your home ?	To whom are you delivering the floor plans of your home?	1
Or , to whom are you delivering the floor plans of your home ?	Or, to whom are you delivering the floor plans of your home?	1
Or , to whom are you delivering the floor plans of your home ?	Or, To whom are you delivering the floor plans of your home?	1
Wada publishes report highlighting ' serious failings ' at Olympic Games	Wada publishes report highlighting Serious Failures at Olympic Games	1
Wada publishes report highlighting ' serious failings ' at Olympic Games	Wada release report highlighting'serious failings' at Olympic Games.	1
What's awaiting the next U.S. president ? A splintered Middle East in " free fall	What's awaiting the next U.S. president? A Splintered Middle East in Free Fall	1
What's awaiting the next U.S. president ? A splintered Middle East in " free fall	What's awaiting the next US president? A splintered Middle East in'free fall	1
What's awaiting the next U.S. president ? A splintered Middle East in " free fall	What's awaiting the next U.S. president? Splintered Middle East in free fall	1
The CMV virus can wreak havoc on a developing fetus . So why don't most women know about it ?	The CMV virus can wreak havoc on a developing fetus. So why don't most women know about it?	1
The CMV virus can wreak havoc on a developing fetus . So why don't most women know about it ?	The CMV virus can wreak havoc on a developing fetus. Why don't most women know about it?	1
That time Donald Trump spoke Hindi .	Donald Trump Speaks Hindi That Time	1
That time Donald Trump spoke Hindi .	At that time, Donald Trump spoke Hindi.	1
That time Donald Trump spoke Hindi .	That was the time Donald Trump spoke Hindi.	1
That time Donald Trump spoke Hindi .	That time Donald Trump spoke Hindi.	1
Dozens of unaccompanied children were left in the " Jungle " camp in Calais overnight	Dozens of unaccompanied children were left overnight in a " Jungle " camp in Calais.	1
I dont like to analyze myself because I might not like what I see .	I dont like to analyze myself because I might not like what I see.	1
I dont like to analyze myself because I might not like what I see .	I dont like to analyse myself because I may not like what I see.	1
I dont like to analyze myself because I might not like what I see .	Dont like to analyze myself because I might not like what I see.	1
I dont like to analyze myself because I might not like what I see .	I don't like to analyze myself because I might not like what I see.	1
I dont like to analyze myself because I might not like what I see .	Don't like to analyze myself because I might not like what I see.	1
The Alt Right conspiracy image generator , by Rob @Beschizza .	The Alt Right conspiracy image generator, created by Rob @Beschizza	1
The Alt Right conspiracy image generator , by Rob @Beschizza .	The Alt Right conspiracy image generator, by Rob @Beschizza.	1
Hackers used new weapons in attack on U.S. internet	Hackers Used New Weapons to Threaten U.S. Internet	1
Hackers used new weapons in attack on U.S. internet	Hackers Used New Weapons in Attack on US Internet	1
Hackers used new weapons in attack on U.S. internet	Hackers Used New Weapons to Disrupt U.S. Internet	1
Hackers used new weapons in attack on U.S. internet	Hackers Used New Weapons to Target U.S. Internet.	1
Hackers used new weapons in attack on U.S. internet	Hackers Used New Weapons to Attack US Internet	1
Hackers used new weapons in attack on U.S. internet	Hackers Used New Weapons to Attack U.S. Internet	1
Hackers used new weapons in attack on U.S. internet	Hackers Used New Weapons to Invade US Internet	1
Hackers used new weapons in attack on U.S. internet	Hackers Used New Weapons to Target US Internet	1
We're going to have a wall , but it's going to have a big beautiful door	We're going to have a wall, but it's going to have a big beautiful door	1
We're going to have a wall , but it's going to have a big beautiful door	We're going to have a wall. But it's going to have a big beautiful door.	1
We're going to have a wall , but it's going to have a big beautiful door	We're going to have a wall, but it's going to have a big beautiful door.	1
Tesla unveils its solar-roof and Powerwall 2	Tesla unveiled its solar roof and Powerwall 2	1
Tesla unveils its solar-roof and Powerwall 2	Tesla unveiled its new Solar Roof and Powerwall 2	1
Tesla unveils its solar-roof and Powerwall 2	Tesla releases its solar roof and Powerwall 2	1
Trump is bereft of patriotism , and seems to hate the country he wants to lead .	Trump Is Bereft of Patriotism and Appears to Hate the Country He Wants to Lead	1
Trump is bereft of patriotism , and seems to hate the country he wants to lead .	Trump is bereft of patriotism and seems to hate the country he wants to lead	1
Trump is bereft of patriotism , and seems to hate the country he wants to lead .	Trump is bereft of patriotism and seems to hate the country he wants to lead.	1
Trump is bereft of patriotism , and seems to hate the country he wants to lead .	Trump is bereft of patriotism and appears to hate the country he wants to lead	1
Trump is bereft of patriotism , and seems to hate the country he wants to lead .	Mr. Trump is bereft of patriotism and seems to hate the country he wants to lead	1
Trump is bereft of patriotism , and seems to hate the country he wants to lead .	Trump is bereft of patriotism, and seems to hate the country he wants to lead.	1
On the water and into the wild a trip to the Boundary Waters , in northern Minnesota	On the water and into the wild, a trip to the Boundary Waters, in northern Minnesota!	1
On the water and into the wild a trip to the Boundary Waters , in northern Minnesota	On the water and into the wild : trips to the Boundary Waters, northern Minnesota	1
Why big liars often start out as small ones	Why big liars often start out as small ones.	1
Why big liars often start out as small ones	How Big Liars often start out as Small Ones	1
Lithium battery failure wipes out DARPA robot at NASA	A lithium battery failure wiped out a DARPA robot at NASA.	1
Donald Trumps Twitter insults The complete list , printed in todays paper	Trump's Twitter insults The Complete List, Printable in Todays Paper	1
Comey memo to FBI staffers says election , timing required disclosure of renewed probe	Comey memo to FBI staffers says election, timing required disclosure of renewed probe	1
Comey memo to FBI staffers says election , timing required disclosure of renewed probe	Comey memo to FBI staffers say election, timing required disclosure of renewed probe	1
Comey memo to FBI staffers says election , timing required disclosure of renewed probe	Comey memo to FBI says election, timing required disclosure of renewed probe	1
Comey memo to FBI staffers says election , timing required disclosure of renewed probe	COMEY memo to FBI staffers says election, timing required disclosure of renewed probe	1
Comey memo to FBI staffers says election , timing required disclosure of renewed probe	Comey memo to FBI says election, timing required disclosure of renewed probe.	1
Army says two-star general committed suicide on Alabama base	Army says a two-star general committed suicide on Alabama base.	1
Donald Trump , somewhat subdued , admits he might lose election	Donald Trump, a little subdued, admits he might lose election	1
Donald Trump , somewhat subdued , admits he might lose election	Donald Trump, somewhat subdued, admits he might lose election	1
Sandra Lee Bartky , at the vanguard of feminist philosophy , dies at 81	Sandra Lee Bartky, at the Vanguard of Feminist Philosophy, Dies at 81	1
Sandra Lee Bartky , at the vanguard of feminist philosophy , dies at 81	Sandra Lee Bartky, at the vanguard of feminist philosophy, dies at 81	1
Sandra Lee Bartky , at the vanguard of feminist philosophy , dies at 81	Sandra Lee Bartky, leading feminist philosopher, dies at 81	1
Sandra Lee Bartky , at the vanguard of feminist philosophy , dies at 81	Sandra Lee Bartky, the founder of feminist philosophy, has died at the age of 81.	1
Sandra Lee Bartky , at the vanguard of feminist philosophy , dies at 81	Sandra Lee Bartky, the pioneer of feminist philosophy, dies at 81	1
Author of Her Own Destiny Gowdy Says Hillary Has No One to Blame But Herself	Gowdy, author of Her Own Destiny, Says Hillary Has No One to Blame But Herself	1
Author of Her Own Destiny Gowdy Says Hillary Has No One to Blame But Herself	author of Her Own Destiny Gowdy says Hillary has no one to blame other than herself	1
Author of Her Own Destiny Gowdy Says Hillary Has No One to Blame But Herself	Gowdy, Author of Her Own Destiny, Says Hillary Has No One to Blame But Herself.	1
Author of Her Own Destiny Gowdy Says Hillary Has No One to Blame But Herself	Author of Her Own Destiny Gowdy Says Hillary Has No One to Blame, Other than Herself	1
Author of Her Own Destiny Gowdy Says Hillary Has No One to Blame But Herself	Gowdy, the author of The Own Destiny, says Hillary has no one to blame but herself	1
Author of Her Own Destiny Gowdy Says Hillary Has No One to Blame But Herself	Gowdy, the author of Her Own Destiny, says Hillary has no one to blame but herself.	1
Author of Her Own Destiny Gowdy Says Hillary Has No One to Blame But Herself	Gowdy is the author of " Her Own Destiny " and says Hillary has no one to blame but herself.	1
Author of Her Own Destiny Gowdy Says Hillary Has No One to Blame But Herself	Gowdy, the author of her own destiny, says Hillary has no one to blame but herself.	1
Author of Her Own Destiny Gowdy Says Hillary Has No One to Blame But Herself	Author of Her Own Destiny Says Author Gowdy Says Hillary Has No One to Blame But Herself	1
Reaction to AT & Ts purchase of Time Warner was swift	Reaction to AT & T's buy of Time Warner was swift	1
Reaction to AT & Ts purchase of Time Warner was swift	The reaction to AT & T's buy of Time Warner was swift	1
Reaction to AT & Ts purchase of Time Warner was swift	Reaction to AT & Ts acquisition of Time Warner was swift	1
Reaction to AT & Ts purchase of Time Warner was swift	REACTION TO AT & Ts recent purchase of Time Warner was swift	1
Donald Trump vows to sue the women who have accused him of sexual misconduct .	Trump vows to sue the women who have accused him of sexual misconduct	1
Donald Trump vows to sue the women who have accused him of sexual misconduct .	Trump vows to sue women who have accused him of sexual misconduct.	1
Elizabeth Warren fires back at Donald Trump Nasty women vote .	Elizabeth Warren Fires Back at Donald Trump Nasty Women Vote.	1
Elizabeth Warren fires back at Donald Trump Nasty women vote .	Elizabeth Warren fires back at Donald Trump Nasty women vote.	1
Elizabeth Warren fires back at Donald Trump Nasty women vote .	Elizabeth Warren Fires Back at Donald Trump Nasty Women Vote	1
Elizabeth Warren fires back at Donald Trump Nasty women vote .	Elizabeth Warren fires back at Donald Trump Nasty women vote	1
Elizabeth Warren fires back at Donald Trump Nasty women vote .	Elizabeth Warren fires back at Donald Trump's Nasty Women Vote	1
Trump supporter voted twice in Iowa because " polls are rigged .	Trump Supporter Voted twice in Iowa, " Polls are rigged.	1
Trump supporter voted twice in Iowa because " polls are rigged .	Trump supporter voted twice in Iowa because'polls are rigged.	1
Trump supporter voted twice in Iowa because " polls are rigged .	Trump supporter voted twice in Iowa because 'Polls are rigged ''	1
Trump supporter voted twice in Iowa because " polls are rigged .	Donald Trump Supporter Had Voted Two Times in Iowa Because " Polls Are Rigged.	1
Trump supporter voted twice in Iowa because " polls are rigged .	Trump supporter voted twice in Iowa because " polls are rigged	1
The death penalty is nearing its end	The death penalty is nearing its end.	1
The death penalty is nearing its end	The death penalty seems to be coming to an end	1
Nominate your choice for Angel Investor of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Crunchies Angel Investor of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	1
Nominate your choice for Angel Investor of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Angel Investor of the Year at The 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	1
Nominate your choice for Angel Investor of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Angel Investor of the Year at the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	1
Nominate your choice for Angel Investor of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards for angel investor of the year	1
Nominate your choice for Angel Investor of the Year in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for'angel investor of the year in the 10th annual #Crunchies Awards	1
Why the U.S. still trails many wealthy nations in access to care	Why the U.S. still trails many wealthy nations in access to healthcare	1
Why the U.S. still trails many wealthy nations in access to care	Why the US still trails many rich nations in access to healthcare	1
Why the U.S. still trails many wealthy nations in access to care	Why the US Still Trails Many Rich Nations in Access to Care	1
Why the U.S. still trails many wealthy nations in access to care	Why the US still trails many wealthy nations in access to healthcare	1
Why the U.S. still trails many wealthy nations in access to care	Why the US Still Trails Many Wealthy Nations in Access to Care	1
Thanks , Vladimir Putin . Now , ready to share your emails ?	Thanks, Vladimir Putin. Now ready to share your emails?	1
Thanks , Vladimir Putin . Now , ready to share your emails ?	Thank you, Vladimir Putin! Now ready to share your emails?	1
Your experience is probably worth a lot less than you think	Yes, your experience is probably worth a lot less than you think.	1
Your experience is probably worth a lot less than you think	Your experience is probably worth a lot less than you think.	1
Your experience is probably worth a lot less than you think	Your experience could be worth a lot less than you think	1
Why the Justice Department will have far fewer watchdogs in polling places	Why the Justice Dept will have far fewer watchdogs in polling places	1
Why the Justice Department will have far fewer watchdogs in polling places	Why the Justice Dept. Will Have Far Fewer Watchdogs in Polling Places	1
Why the Justice Department will have far fewer watchdogs in polling places	Why the Justice Dept will have far fewer watchdogs in polling places.	1
How massive DDoS attacks are undermining the Internet	How massive DDoS attacks are undermining the Internet.	1
How massive DDoS attacks are undermining the Internet	How Massive DDoS Attacks Undermining the Internet	1
How massive DDoS attacks are undermining the Internet	How massive DDoS attacks are undermining the Internet!	1
Welcome to Unstad , population 15 . It's 100 miles above the Arctic Circle .	Welcome to Unstad, population 15 It's 100 miles above the Arctic Circle.	1
Welcome to Unstad , population 15 . It's 100 miles above the Arctic Circle .	Welcome to Unstad, population 15. It is 100 miles above the Arctic Circle.	1
Welcome to Unstad , population 15 . It's 100 miles above the Arctic Circle .	Welcome to Unstad, population 15. It's 100 miles above the Arctic Circle.	1
Welcome to Unstad , population 15 . It's 100 miles above the Arctic Circle .	Welcome to Unstad, Population 15 It's 100 miles above the Arctic Circle.	1
Welcome to Unstad , population 15 . It's 100 miles above the Arctic Circle .	Welcome to Unstad, Population 15. It is 100 miles above the Arctic Circle.	1
Welcome to Unstad , population 15 . It's 100 miles above the Arctic Circle .	Welcome to Unstad, population 15 It is 100 miles above the Arctic Circle.	1
Welcome to Unstad , population 15 . It's 100 miles above the Arctic Circle .	Welcome to Unstad, population 15, 100 miles above the Arctic Circle.	1
Welcome to Unstad , population 15 . It's 100 miles above the Arctic Circle .	Welcome to Unstad, 15 population. It's 100 miles above the Arctic Circle.	1
Welcome to Unstad , population 15 . It's 100 miles above the Arctic Circle .	Welcome to Unstad, population 15, it's 100 miles above the Arctic Circle.	1
Watch this autonomous Tesla drive from home to work on its own	Watch this self-driving Tesla drive from home to work on its own	1
This new children's show character aims to get girls into tech	New kids show character aims to get girls into tech	1
This new children's show character aims to get girls into tech	New children's show character aims to get girls into tech	1
This new children's show character aims to get girls into tech	This New Children's Show Character Targets Girls in Tech	1
This new children's show character aims to get girls into tech	Get girls into tech. This new children's show character aims to get girls into tech.	1
This new children's show character aims to get girls into tech	A new children's show character aims to get girls into tech	1
This new children's show character aims to get girls into tech	NEW children's show character aims to get girls into tech	1
This new children's show character aims to get girls into tech	New children's show character aims to get girls into tech.	1
The 8 health habits experts say you need in your 20s	8 Health Habits Experts Say You Need in Your 20s	1
The 8 health habits experts say you need in your 20s	8 Health Habits Experts Say We Need in Our 20s	1
The 8 health habits experts say you need in your 20s	The 8 health habits experts say you need in your 20ss	1
The 8 health habits experts say you need in your 20s	The 8 Healthy Habits Experts Say You Need In Your 20s	1
Britain will posthumously pardon thousands of gay and bisexual men who were convicted of sexual offenses	Britain will posthumously pardon thousands of gay and bisexual men who were convicted of sexual crimes	1
Britain will posthumously pardon thousands of gay and bisexual men who were convicted of sexual offenses	Britain will posthumously pardon thousands of gay and bisexual men convicted of sexual offenses	1
Britain will posthumously pardon thousands of gay and bisexual men who were convicted of sexual offenses	The UK will posthumously pardon thousands of gay and bisexual men who were convicted of sexual offenses.	1
Britain will posthumously pardon thousands of gay and bisexual men who were convicted of sexual offenses	Britain to posthumously pardon thousands of gay and bisexual men convicted of sexual offences	1
Britain will posthumously pardon thousands of gay and bisexual men who were convicted of sexual offenses	Posthumously, Britain will pardon thousands of gay and bisexual men convicted of sexual offenses	1
Britain will posthumously pardon thousands of gay and bisexual men who were convicted of sexual offenses	Britain will posthumously pardon thousands of gay and bisexual men who were convicted of sexual offences	1
Atlanta " is one of the best cast and most brightly acted shows on TV , says @wesley_morris .	" Atlanta " is one of the best cast and most brightly acted shows on TV, says Wesley_Morris	1
Atlanta " is one of the best cast and most brightly acted shows on TV , says @wesley_morris .	Atlanta is " one of the best acted and most brightly acted shows on TV, says @Wesley_morris	1
Atlanta " is one of the best cast and most brightly acted shows on TV , says @wesley_morris .	Atlanta " is one of the best cast and most brightly acted shows on TV, says Wesley_morris.	1
Atlanta " is one of the best cast and most brightly acted shows on TV , says @wesley_morris .	Atlanta " is one of the best cast and most brightly acted shows on TV, says @Wesley_morris.	1
confident " over new FBI email probe	confident'over new FBI email probe	1
confident " over new FBI email probe	Confident'over new FBI email probe	1
confident " over new FBI email probe	confident'over new FBI Email Probe	1
President Obama targets Republicans ' control of statehouses	President Obama targets Republicans'control of statehouses	1
A Brownstone and the Bitter Fight to Inherit It	Brownstone and the bitter struggle to inherit it	1
A Brownstone and the Bitter Fight to Inherit It	Brownstone and the Bitter Fight to Inherit It	1
A Brownstone and the Bitter Fight to Inherit It	A Brownstone and the Bitter Fight to Inherit It.	1
Donald Trump says Clinton " offered Loretta Lynch re-appointment as Attorney General .	Donald Trump says Hillary Clinton offered Loretta Lynch re-appointment as US attorney general	1
Donald Trump says Clinton " offered Loretta Lynch re-appointment as Attorney General .	Donald Trump says Hillary Clinton offered Loretta Lynch a re-election as Attorney General	1
Donald Trump says Clinton " offered Loretta Lynch re-appointment as Attorney General .	Donald Trump says Hillary Clinton'offered Loretta Lynch re-appointment as Attorney General	1
aides scramble to address alleged mistress nicknamed ' Energizer Bunny	aides scramble to address alleged mistress'Energizer Bunny '	1
Only one thing about Latino political power in Texas is certain	One thing About Latino Political Power in Texas Is Certain	1
Only one thing about Latino political power in Texas is certain	One Thing About Latino Political Power in Texas Is Certain	1
Only one thing about Latino political power in Texas is certain	Only One Thing About Latino Political Power in Texas Is Certain.	1
Only one thing about Latino political power in Texas is certain	Only one thing about Latino political power in Texas is certain.	1
Huma Abedin had an Anthony Weiner problem . Now Hillary Clinton has one , too .	Huma Abedin Had an Anthony Weiner Problem. Now Hillary Clinton Has One, Too.	1
Biden wishes he could take Trump ' behind the gym ' over lewd comments	Biden wishes he could take Trump'behind the gym'over lewd comments	1
Biden wishes he could take Trump ' behind the gym ' over lewd comments	Biden wishes he could take Trump'behind the gym'over lewd comments.	1
Biden wishes he could take Trump ' behind the gym ' over lewd comments	Biden Wishes he Could Take Trump  Behind the Gym  over Lewd Comments	1
Ex-California state senator gets prison for taking bribes	Ex-California state senator gets prison for taking bribes!	1
1,000 Clinton-Petraeus emails missing from records sent to State , FBI files show	1,000 Clinton-Petraeus emails missing from records sent to State, FBI files show	1
1,000 Clinton-Petraeus emails missing from records sent to State , FBI files show	1,000 Clinton-Petraeus emails missing from emails sent to State, FBI files show	1
1,000 Clinton-Petraeus emails missing from records sent to State , FBI files show	1,000 Clinton-Petraeus emails missing From records sent to State, FBI files show	1
1,000 Clinton-Petraeus emails missing from records sent to State , FBI files show	1,000 Clinton-Petraeus emails missing from State documents, FBI files show	1
1,000 Clinton-Petraeus emails missing from records sent to State , FBI files show	1.000 Clinton-Petraeus emails missing from records sent to State, FBI files show	1
1,000 Clinton-Petraeus emails missing from records sent to State , FBI files show	1,000 Clinton-Petraeus emails missing from State files, FBI files show	1
1,000 Clinton-Petraeus emails missing from records sent to State , FBI files show	1,000 Clinton-Petraeus emails missing from records sent to State, FBI files show.	1
Dead People Registering ? Examples of Voter Fraud in Key Swing States	Dead People Registering? Examples of Voter Fraud in Key Swing States	1
Dead People Registering ? Examples of Voter Fraud in Key Swing States	Dead People Registering? Examples of Voter Fraud in Major Swing States	1
Sen. Elizabeth Warren slams Donald Trump Nasty women ' vote	Sen. Elizabeth Warren Slams Donald Trump Nasty Women Vote	1
This is why your Facebook friends are checking in at Standing Rock	Why your Facebook friends are checking in at Standing Rock	1
Trump says Trump Tower is 68 floors tall . Here's how he exaggerated the size of many of his NYC buildings .	Trump says Trump Tower is 68 floors tall. Here's how he exaggerated the size of many of his NYC buildings.	1
Trump says Trump Tower is 68 floors tall . Here's how he exaggerated the size of many of his NYC buildings .	Donald Trump says the Tower is 68 floors tall. Here's how he exaggerated the size of many of his NYC buildings.	1
Trump says Trump Tower is 68 floors tall . Here's how he exaggerated the size of many of his NYC buildings .	Trump says Trump Tower is 68 floors tall. Heres How he Overstated the Size of Many of His NYC Buildings.	1
If Donald Trump wins the election , it probably wont be because of a huge influx of " missing white voters	If Trump wins the election, it probably won't be because of a huge influx of " missing... White voters	1
Texas agriculture commissioner describes election as " Trump " vs .	Texas agriculture commissioner will call the election " Trump " vs.	1
Texas agriculture commissioner describes election as " Trump " vs .	Texas agriculture commissioner describes election as'Trump " vs..	1
Texas agriculture commissioner describes election as " Trump " vs .	Texas agriculture commissioner declares election as'Trump'vs.	1
Texas agriculture commissioner describes election as " Trump " vs .	Texas agriculture commissioner calls election " Trump'vs.	1
Texas agriculture commissioner describes election as " Trump " vs .	Texas Agriculture Commissioner Describes Election as'Trump'Vs.	1
Texas agriculture commissioner describes election as " Trump " vs .	Texas agriculture commissioner describing election as'Trump'vs.	1
For 45 seconds , a drenched Hillary Clinton abandoned her script and let down her guard in Florida	For 45 seconds, a drenched Hillary Clinton abandoned her script and let down her guard in Florida.	1
For 45 seconds , a drenched Hillary Clinton abandoned her script and let down her guard in Florida	For 45 seconds, a drenched Hillary Clinton abandoned her script and let down her guard in Florida	1
Xi Jinping may be " core leader " of China , but hes still really nervous	Xi Jinping, Core Leader of China, Is Still Really Nervous	1
Vote for 2016's best political reporting . Our fact checks , podcast + @tamarakeithNPR made the list .	Vote for 2016's Best Political Reporting: Our Fact Checks, Podcast + TamarakeithNPR Made the List!	1
Vote for 2016's best political reporting . Our fact checks , podcast + @tamarakeithNPR made the list .	Vote for 2016's Best Political Report. Our Fact Checks, Podcast + TamarakeithNPR Made the List.	1
Vote for 2016's best political reporting . Our fact checks , podcast + @tamarakeithNPR made the list .	Vote for 2016's Best Political Reporting. Our Fact Checks, Podcast + TamarakeithNPR Made the List.	1
Vote for 2016's best political reporting . Our fact checks , podcast + @tamarakeithNPR made the list .	Vote for 2016's best political reporting. Our fact checks, podcast + TamarakeithNPR made the list.	1
It's the final full day of campaigning for the 2016 election , the nastiest in many decades	It's the final day of campaigning for the 2016 Election, the nastiest in many decades	1
It's the final full day of campaigning for the 2016 election , the nastiest in many decades	The last full day of campaigning for the 2016 election, the nastiest in many decades	1
It's the final full day of campaigning for the 2016 election , the nastiest in many decades	This is the last full day of campaigning for the 2016 election, the nastiest in many decades	1
It's the final full day of campaigning for the 2016 election , the nastiest in many decades	This is the final day of campaigning for the 2016 election, the nastiest in many decades	1
The sacred land at the center of the Dakota pipeline dispute	The sacred land at the center of the Dakota pipeline fight	1
Huma Abedin's electronic data problem ? Not uncommon in divorce cases .	Huma Abedin's electronic data problems Not uncommon in divorce cases	1
Huma Abedin's electronic data problem ? Not uncommon in divorce cases .	Huma Abedin's Electronic Data Problem Not Unusual in Divorces.	1
Huma Abedin's electronic data problem ? Not uncommon in divorce cases .	Huma Abedins Electronic Data Problem? Not Unusual in Divorces.	1
Huma Abedin's electronic data problem ? Not uncommon in divorce cases .	Huma Abedins Electronic Data Problem: Not Unusual in Divorce Cases	1
Trump's path to the White House lined with false , misleading statements	Donald Trump's Path to White House Lined With False, Misleading Statements	1
Donald Trump's campaign denounces the KKK's official newspaper's front page support	Donald Trump's campaign denounces KKK's official newspaper's front page support	1
Air pollution kills 600,000 children each year , a new report from UNICEF says	Air pollution kills 600,000 children yearly, new UNICEF report says	1
Russia's reportedly been cultivating a relationship with Trump for five years	Russia is apparently cultivating a relationship with Trump for five years	1
Russia's reportedly been cultivating a relationship with Trump for five years	Russia's reportedly been cultivating a relationship with Trump for five years.	1
Russia's reportedly been cultivating a relationship with Trump for five years	Russians reportedly been cultivating relationship with Trump for five years	1
Russia's reportedly been cultivating a relationship with Trump for five years	Russia's reportedly been cultivating relationship with Trump for five years	1
Russia's reportedly been cultivating a relationship with Trump for five years	Russia reportedly been cultivating relationship with Trump for five years.	1
Russia's reportedly been cultivating a relationship with Trump for five years	Russia has reportedly been cultivating a relationship with Trump for five years	1
Russia's reportedly been cultivating a relationship with Trump for five years	Russia reportedly has been cultivating a relationship with Trump for five years	1
Russia's reportedly been cultivating a relationship with Trump for five years	Russias reportedly been cultivating relationship with Trump for five years	1
Russia's reportedly been cultivating a relationship with Trump for five years	Russia has been reportedly cultivating a relationship with Trump for five years.	1
Melania Trump made a rare appearance on the campaign trail in the battleground state of Pennsylvania	Melania Trump makes rare appearance on the campaign trail in battleground state of PA	1
Melania Trump made a rare appearance on the campaign trail in the battleground state of Pennsylvania	Melania Trump Makes a Rare Arrival on the Campaign Trail in Battleground State of Pennsylvania	1
Bashar al-Assad told reporters he expects to rule Syria until 2021	Bashar al-Assad tells reporters he expects to rule Syria until 2021	1
Bashar al-Assad told reporters he expects to rule Syria until 2021	Bashar al-Assad tells reporters he's planning to rule Syria until 2021.	1
Bashar al-Assad told reporters he expects to rule Syria until 2021	Bashar al-Assad Tells reporters He Expects to Rule Syria until 2021.	1
Bashar al-Assad told reporters he expects to rule Syria until 2021	Bashar al-Assad tells reporters he expects to rule Syria until 2021.	1
An appeals court rules in favor of the Trump campaign on allegations of voter intimidation	An appeals court rules in favor of Trump campaign on allegations of voter intimidation	1
An appeals court rules in favor of the Trump campaign on allegations of voter intimidation	appeals court rules in favor of Trump campaign on allegations of voter intimidation	1
An appeals court rules in favor of the Trump campaign on allegations of voter intimidation	Appeals court rules in favor of Trump campaign on allegations of voter intimidation	1
All-out legal war with Thiel would have cost too much , and hurt too many people said the founder of Gawker	All-out legal war with Thiel would have cost too much, and hurt too many people said the founder of Gawker.	1
The founder of Chobani yogurt is under attack for employing too many refugees	Chobani founder, Founder of Yogurt, Is Under Attack for Employing Too Many Refugees	1
Emails Warrant No New Action Against Hillary Clinton , F.B.I. Director Says	Emails Warrant No New Action Against Hillary Clinton, F.B.I. Director Says	1
Emails Warrant No New Action Against Hillary Clinton , F.B.I. Director Says	Hillary Clinton Emails Warrant No New Action, F.B.I. Director Says	1
CDC reports the first US cases of drug-resistant fungal infection .	CDC reports first US cases of drug-resistant fungal infection	1
CDC reports the first US cases of drug-resistant fungal infection .	The first US cases of drug-resistant fungal infection have been reported by the CDC.	1
Britain's plans to leave the European Union were just thrown into confusion by a U.K. court	Britain's plans to leave the European Union just thrown into confusion by a U.K. court.	1
on black church that was burned , vandalized It's dangerous and disgusting	On black church that was burned, vandalized It's dangerous and disgusting.	1
Long voting lines could have long-term consequences	Long Vote Line Could Have Long-Term Consequences	1
Long voting lines could have long-term consequences	Long voting lines could have long-lasting consequences.	1
Long voting lines could have long-term consequences	Longer Voting Lines Could Have Long-Term Consequences	1
Long voting lines could have long-term consequences	The very existence of long voting lines could have long-term consequences	1
Donald Trump is not sleeping much these days	Donald Trump isn't sleeping much these days.	1
Donald Trump is not sleeping much these days	Donald Trump Is Not Sleeping These Days	1
Donald Trump is not sleeping much these days	Trump is not sleeping much these days.	1
Giphy , the platform for all things GIF , raises $72 million in new funding	Giphy, the platform for all things GIF, raises $72m in new funding	1
The G.O.P. impeachment threat escalates their running disrespect for the democratic process	G.O.P. Impeachment Threat Heightens Their Running Disregard for the Democratic Process	1
Melania Trump is giving her first speech since the GOP convention . Watch live on @CNNGo	Melania Trump is giving her first speech since the GOP convention. Watch live on @CNNGo	1
John Oliver now regrets urging Donald Trump to run for president	John Oliver now regrets urging Trump to run for president	1
John Oliver now regrets urging Donald Trump to run for president	Oliver now regrets urging Trump to run for president	1
John Oliver now regrets urging Donald Trump to run for president	John Oliver now regrets urging Donald Trump to run for president.	1
In 1974 , Hillary Rodham went on a road trip , chasing love and a new life . It's a side of her rarely seen nowadays .	In 1974, Hillary Rodham went on a road trip, chasing love and a new life. Its a side of her rarely seen today	1
In 1974 , Hillary Rodham went on a road trip , chasing love and a new life . It's a side of her rarely seen nowadays .	In 1974 Hillary Rodham went on a road trip, following love and a new life. It's a side of her rarely seen today.	1
In 1974 , Hillary Rodham went on a road trip , chasing love and a new life . It's a side of her rarely seen nowadays .	In 1974, Hillary Rodham went on a road trip, chasing love and a new life. Its a side of her rarely seen today.	1
In 1974 , Hillary Rodham went on a road trip , chasing love and a new life . It's a side of her rarely seen nowadays .	In 1974 Hillary Rodham went on a road trip chasing love and a new life. But it's a side of her rarely seen today	1
In 1974 , Hillary Rodham went on a road trip , chasing love and a new life . It's a side of her rarely seen nowadays .	In 1974 Hillary Rodham went on a road trip, chasing love and a new life. It's a side of her rarely seen nowadays.	1
In 1974 , Hillary Rodham went on a road trip , chasing love and a new life . It's a side of her rarely seen nowadays .	In 1974, Hillary Rodham went on a road trip chasing love and a new life. It's a side of her rarely seen today.	1
A Times/Siena poll has Donald Trump tied with Hillary Clinton in the key battleground state of North Carolina	A Times/Siena poll shows Donald Trump tied with Hillary Clinton in key battleground state of North Carolina	1
A Times/Siena poll has Donald Trump tied with Hillary Clinton in the key battleground state of North Carolina	A Times/Siena poll has Donald Trump tied with Hillary Clinton in a key battleground state of North Carolina.	1
A Times/Siena poll has Donald Trump tied with Hillary Clinton in the key battleground state of North Carolina	The Times/Siena poll has Trump tied with Clinton in the key battleground state of North Carolina.	1
America's contest for a new leader , long , rancorous and unpredictable , enters its last hours .	America's election for a new leader, long, rancorous and unpredictable, enters its last hours	1
America's contest for a new leader , long , rancorous and unpredictable , enters its last hours .	America's race for a new leader, long, rancorous and unpredictable, enters its last hours.	1
America's contest for a new leader , long , rancorous and unpredictable , enters its last hours .	America's fight for a new leader, long, rancorous and unpredictable, enters its last hours	1
America's contest for a new leader , long , rancorous and unpredictable , enters its last hours .	America's elections for a New Leader, Long, Rancorous and Unpredictable Enters Its Last Hours	1
Cubs win World Series , beating Indians 8-7 , winning 3 straight games to end 108-year title drought .	Cubs win World Series, beat Indians 8-7, winning 3 straight games to end 108-year series drought.	1
Cubs win World Series , beating Indians 8-7 , winning 3 straight games to end 108-year title drought .	Cubs Win World Series beating Indians 8-7, winning 3 straight games to end 108-year - title drought.	1
Cubs win World Series , beating Indians 8-7 , winning 3 straight games to end 108-year title drought .	Cubs win World Series, beating Indians 8-7 and winning 3 straight games to end 108-year title drought.	1
Cubs win World Series , beating Indians 8-7 , winning 3 straight games to end 108-year title drought .	Cubs win World Series, beating Indians 8-7, winning 3 straight games to end 108-year title drought.	1
Cubs win World Series , beating Indians 8-7 , winning 3 straight games to end 108-year title drought .	Cubs win World Series, beating Indians 8-7, winning 3 straight games to end 108-year title drought	1
Cubs win World Series , beating Indians 8-7 , winning 3 straight games to end 108-year title drought .	The Cubs win the World Series by beating the Indians 8-7, winning 3 straight games to end a 108-year-old drought.	1
Cubs win World Series , beating Indians 8-7 , winning 3 straight games to end 108-year title drought .	Cubs win World Series by beating Indians 8-7, winning 3 straight games to end 108-year title drought.	1
Cubs win World Series , beating Indians 8-7 , winning 3 straight games to end 108-year title drought .	Cubs win World Series, beating Indians 8-7, winning 3 straight games to end 108-year drought.	1
One person killed , two wounded in shooting near LA-area polling station	One person killed and two injured in shooting near LA-area polling station	1
One person killed , two wounded in shooting near LA-area polling station	One person has been killed and two injured in shooting near LA-area polling station	1
Voting early , and in droves over 22 million ballots are already in	Vote early, and in droves more than 22 million people have already cast their ballots	1
US Supreme Court stays execution of Alabama inmate Tommy Arthur	US Supreme Court stays execution of Alabama inmate Tommy Arthur.	1
US Supreme Court stays execution of Alabama inmate Tommy Arthur	US supreme court blocks execution of Alabama inmate Tommy Arthur	1
Those insanely long early voting lines ? A direct result of GOP voter suppression	These insanely long early voting lines were a direct result of GOP voter suppression	1
Those insanely long early voting lines ? A direct result of GOP voter suppression	Those insanely long early voting lines are a direct result of GOP voter suppression	1
Those insanely long early voting lines ? A direct result of GOP voter suppression	These insanely long early voting lines are a direct result of GOP voter suppression.	1
They vote , and they are heavily armed	They vote, and they are heavily armed.	1
They vote , and they are heavily armed	They vote, and they are heavily armed	1
They vote , and they are heavily armed	They can vote, and they are heavily armed.	1
Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump Would my son have a place in your America ?	Khizr Khan asks Trump, would my son have a place in America?	1
Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump Would my son have a place in your America ?	Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump, would my son have a place in America?	1
Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump Would my son have a place in your America ?	Khizr Khan asks Trump, Would my son have a place in America?	1
Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump Would my son have a place in your America ?	Khizr Khan Asks Donald Trump : Would My Son Have a Place in America?	1
Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump Would my son have a place in your America ?	Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump, would my son have a place in your America?	1
Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump Would my son have a place in your America ?	Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump'would my son have a place in your America?	1
Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump Would my son have a place in your America ?	Khizr Khan Asks Donald Trump Would My Son Have a Place in America?	1
Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump Would my son have a place in your America ?	Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump, Would my son have a place in America?	1
Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump Would my son have a place in your America ?	Khizr Khan asks Trump, would my son have a place in your America?	1
Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump Would my son have a place in your America ?	Khizr Khan Asks Donald Trump Would My Son Have a Place in Your America?	1
Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump Would my son have a place in your America ?	Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump, Would my son have a place in your America?	1
Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump Would my son have a place in your America ?	Khizr Khan asks Donald Trump, " Would my son have a place in your America?	1
Why your Facebook friends are checking into Standing Rock Indian Reservation in North Dakota	Why Your Facebook Friends Are Checking In to the Standing Rock Indian Reservation, North Dakota	1
Why your Facebook friends are checking into Standing Rock Indian Reservation in North Dakota	Why Your Facebook Friends Are Checking In at Standing Rock Indian Reservation, North Dakota	1
Why your Facebook friends are checking into Standing Rock Indian Reservation in North Dakota	Why Your Facebook Friends Are Checking In to Standing Rock Indian Reservation in North Dakota	1
The world has changed around men , but many have stayed stuck in the past .	The world has changed around men, but many have stayed stuck in the past.	1
The world has changed around men , but many have stayed stuck in the past .	The world has changed around men, but many have remained stuck in the past.	1
African-American users had to wait as much as 35% longer for Uber rides in Seattle , researchers found	Researchers found African-American users had to wait as much as 35% longer for Uber rides in Seattle.	1
African-American users had to wait as much as 35% longer for Uber rides in Seattle , researchers found	Researchers found African-American users had to wait as much as 35% longer for Uber rides in Seattle	1
African-American users had to wait as much as 35% longer for Uber rides in Seattle , researchers found	African-American users had to wait up to 35% longer for Uber rides in Seattle, study finds	1
Anthony's gravestone , covered in " I Voted " stickers	Anthony's gravestone covered in " I Voted " stickers.	1
Anthony's gravestone , covered in " I Voted " stickers	Anthony's gravestone is covered in " I Voted " stickers	1
Amy Schumer and Seth Rogen's Bud Light ads axed as beer sales decline	Amy Schumer and Seth Rogen's Bud Light ads axed amid beer sales decline	1
Amy Schumer and Seth Rogen's Bud Light ads axed as beer sales decline	Amy Schumer and Seth Rogens Bud Light ads axed as beer sales decline	1
Microsoft Teams , its new Slack rival , is launching today as part of Office 365	Microsoft Teams, its new Slack rival, is launching today as part of Office 365.	1
Microsoft Teams , its new Slack rival , is launching today as part of Office 365	Microsoft Teams, its new Slack rival, is launching today as part of Office 365	1
Microsoft Teams , its new Slack rival , is launching today as part of Office 365	Microsoft Teams, its new Slack rival, launches today as part of Office 365	1
World Series Game 7 was an insanely melodramatic , extra-inning affair that pushed both teams into exhaustion	World Series Game 7 was insanely melodramatic and extra-inning -game that pushed both teams into exhaustion.	1
World Series Game 7 was an insanely melodramatic , extra-inning affair that pushed both teams into exhaustion	World Series Game 7 was an insanely melodramatic, extra-inning affair that pushed both teams into exhaustion.	1
The next 6 years , 9 months and 30 days until Sept . 4 , 2023 , look a lot more difficult for James Comey	The next 6 years, 9 months, and 30 days until Sept. 4, 2023 look a lot harder for James Comey	1
The next 6 years , 9 months and 30 days until Sept . 4 , 2023 , look a lot more difficult for James Comey	The next 6 years, 9 months and 30 days until Sept 4, 2023 are a lot more difficult for James Comey.	1
The next 6 years , 9 months and 30 days until Sept . 4 , 2023 , look a lot more difficult for James Comey	The next 6 years, 9 months and 30 days until Sept 4, 2023 look a lot more difficult for James Comey	1
The next 6 years , 9 months and 30 days until Sept . 4 , 2023 , look a lot more difficult for James Comey	The next 6 years, 9 months and 30 days until Sept. 4, 2023 look a lot more difficult for Comey	1
Donald Trumps income isnt always what he says it is , records suggest	Donald Trumps Income Isnt Always What He Says It Is, Records Suggest	1
Donald Trumps income isnt always what he says it is , records suggest	records suggest Donald Trumps income isnt always what he says it is.	1
If you think Microsoft's new chat app sounds like Slack , you would be correct	Microsoft's new chat app sounds like Slack, but if you think that's what Slack sounds like, you would be correct.	1
Amazon's private label brands are killing it , says new report	Amazon's Private Label Brands Are Killing It, New Report Says.	1
Intelligence community is already feeling a sense of dread about Trump	The Intelligence community is already feeling a sense of fear about Trump	1
Intelligence community is already feeling a sense of dread about Trump	The Intelligence Community is already feeling a sense of dread about Trump	1
Intelligence community is already feeling a sense of dread about Trump	The intelligence community is already feeling a sense of dread about Trump	1
Intelligence community is already feeling a sense of dread about Trump	Intelligence community already feeling a sense of dread about Trump	1
Intelligence community is already feeling a sense of dread about Trump	The intelligence community is already feeling a sense of fear for Trump	1
More " those people . This time , journalists .	More " those people. This time journalists	1
More " those people . This time , journalists .	More " those people. This time journalists.	1
More " those people . This time , journalists .	More'those people ', this time journalists.	1
More " those people . This time , journalists .	More'those people. This time journalists.	1
7 people suffer severe burns after a natural gas line explosion in Shelby County , Ala .	7 people suffer severe burns after natural gas line blast in Shelby County, Ala.	1
7 people suffer severe burns after a natural gas line explosion in Shelby County , Ala .	7 people have severe burns following natural gas line explosion in Shelby County, Ala.	1
7 people suffer severe burns after a natural gas line explosion in Shelby County , Ala .	7 people suffer severe burns after a natural gas line explosion in Shelby County, Ala.	1
7 people suffer severe burns after a natural gas line explosion in Shelby County , Ala .	7 people suffer severe burns after natural gas line explosion in Shelby County, AL	1
7 people suffer severe burns after a natural gas line explosion in Shelby County , Ala .	Seven people suffer severe burns after natural gas line explosion in Shelby County, Ala.	1
7 people suffer severe burns after a natural gas line explosion in Shelby County , Ala .	7 people suffer severe burns following a natural gas line explosion in Shelby County, Ala.	1
7 people suffer severe burns after a natural gas line explosion in Shelby County , Ala .	7 people sustain severe burns after natural gas line explosion in Shelby County, Ala	1
7 people suffer severe burns after a natural gas line explosion in Shelby County , Ala .	7 people suffer severe burns after natural gas line explosion in Shelby County, Ala.	1
7 people suffer severe burns after a natural gas line explosion in Shelby County , Ala .	7 people suffered severe burns following a natural gas line explosion in Shelby County, Ala.	1
This is what the potential first woman president is facing in the home stretch	This Is What the Potential First Woman President Faces in the Home Stretch!	1
Sinovation Ventures Dr Kai-Fu Lee is betting big on artificial intelligence	Sinovation Ventures Dr Kai-Fu Lee Bets Big on Artificial Intelligence	1
Sinovation Ventures Dr Kai-Fu Lee is betting big on artificial intelligence	Sinovation Ventures Dr Kai-Fu Lee is betting big on artificial intelligence.	1
The most vulnerable among us will now be even more vulnerable	The most vulnerable people will now be even more vulnerable.	1
It is impossible to Make America Great Again if we do not have a habitable Earth	It is impossible to Make America Great again if we don’t have a habitable earth.	1
It is impossible to Make America Great Again if we do not have a habitable Earth	It is impossible to Make America Great if we do not have a habitable planet.	1
AP has called Pennsylvania for Donald Trump	AP Calls Pennsylvania for Donald Trump	1
Rachel Bloom leads a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of " We Are the World	Rachel Bloom sings a profane anti-Trump anthem, in the style of'We Are the World '.	1
Rachel Bloom leads a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of " We Are the World	Rachel Bloom sings a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of  We Are the World'	1
Rachel Bloom leads a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of " We Are the World	Rachel Bloom leads a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of'We Are the World '.	1
We'll see " if Melania Trump does more than one speech	I'll see'if Melania Trump does more than one speech.	1
Forget the cost to the candidates . Some say this campaigns cost America more .	Forget the Cost to the Candidates. This Campaigns Cost America More.	1
Forget the cost to the candidates . Some say this campaigns cost America more .	Forget the Cost to the Candidates. These Campaigns Cost America More.	1
Forget the cost to the candidates . Some say this campaigns cost America more .	Forget the cost to candidates. This campaigns cost America more.	1
Forget the cost to the candidates . Some say this campaigns cost America more .	Forget the Cost to the Candidates. Some Say This Campaigns Cost America More.	1
Forget the cost to the candidates . Some say this campaigns cost America more .	Forget the cost to the candidates. Some say this campaigns cost America more.	1
Forget the cost to the candidates . Some say this campaigns cost America more .	Forget the cost to the candidates. These campaigns cost America more.	1
One competitor coughed up blood and began hallucinating . Another was unable to hold up his head during the bike leg .	One competitor coughed up blood and began hallucinating, another was unable to hold up his head during the bike leg.	1
One competitor coughed up blood and began hallucinating . Another was unable to hold up his head during the bike leg .	One competitor coughed up blood and began hallucinating, another was unable to hold his head during the bike leg.	1
One competitor coughed up blood and began hallucinating . Another was unable to hold up his head during the bike leg .	One competitor coughed up blood and began hallucinating, and another was unable to hold up his head during the bike leg.	1
One competitor coughed up blood and began hallucinating . Another was unable to hold up his head during the bike leg .	One competitor coughed up blood and began hallucinating, another was unable to hold up his head during the leg of the bike.	1
One competitor coughed up blood and began hallucinating . Another was unable to hold up his head during the bike leg .	One competitor coughed up blood and began hallucinating, another was unable to hold his head during the leg of the bike.	1
One competitor coughed up blood and began hallucinating . Another was unable to hold up his head during the bike leg .	One competitor coughed up blood and began hallucinating, while another was unable to hold his head during the bike leg.	1
One competitor coughed up blood and began hallucinating . Another was unable to hold up his head during the bike leg .	One competitor coughed up blood and began hallucinating, while another was unable to hold up his head during the bike leg.	1
Clinton pal praises Hillary Eventually she will sound like a human	@Clinton pal praises Hillary Eventually she will sound like a human	1
Clinton pal praises Hillary Eventually she will sound like a human	A Clinton pal praises Hillary Eventually She Will Sound Like a Human	1
Clinton pal praises Hillary Eventually she will sound like a human	Clinton pal praises Hillary Eventually she will sound like a human.	1
Atlas Recall , a search engine for your entire digital life , gets an open beta and $20M in backing	Atlas Recall, a search engine for your digital life, gets an open beta and $20M in backing	1
Atlas Recall , a search engine for your entire digital life , gets an open beta and $20M in backing	Atlas Recall, a search engine for your digital life, gets an open beta and $20M in	1
With less than one week until the election , the path to victory is right here in this map	With less than a week until the election, the path to victory is right here in this map	1
With less than one week until the election , the path to victory is right here in this map	With less than one week until the election, the path to victory is right here in this map	1
With less than one week until the election , the path to victory is right here in this map	With less than one week until the election, the path to victory is in this map.	1
With less than one week until the election , the path to victory is right here in this map	With less than one week until the election, the path to victory is right here in this map.	1
Trumps voters dont support deportation , and other surprises from the exit polls	Donald Trump Says Voters Dont Support Deportation, and Other Surprises From Exit Polls	1
NH Secretary of State Democrat Hassan wins US Senate race in New Hampshire , unseating Republican Ayotte	New Hampshire Secretary of State Democrat Hassan wins US Senate race in New Hampshire, unseating Republican Ayotte	1
NH Secretary of State Democrat Hassan wins US Senate race in New Hampshire , unseating Republican Ayotte	New Hampshire Secretary of State Democrat Hassan wins Senate race in New Hampshire, unseating Republican Ayotte	1
NH Secretary of State Democrat Hassan wins US Senate race in New Hampshire , unseating Republican Ayotte	New Hampshire Secretary of State Democrat Hassan wins Senate race in New Hampshire, unseating NH Republican Ayotte	1
NH Secretary of State Democrat Hassan wins US Senate race in New Hampshire , unseating Republican Ayotte	NH Secretary of State Democrat Hassan wins Senate race in New Hampshire, unseating Republican Ayotte	1
NH Secretary of State Democrat Hassan wins US Senate race in New Hampshire , unseating Republican Ayotte	NH Secretary of State Democrat Hassan wins US Senate race in New Hampshire, unseating Republican Ayotte	1
NH Secretary of State Democrat Hassan wins US Senate race in New Hampshire , unseating Republican Ayotte	New Hampshire Secretary of State Democrat Hassan wins Senate race, unseating Republican Ayotte	1
NH Secretary of State Democrat Hassan wins US Senate race in New Hampshire , unseating Republican Ayotte	Secretary of State Democrat Hassan wins US Senate race in New Hampshire, unseating Republican Ayotte	1
Some countries , including Russia , " work really hard to get Interpol alerts " against political enemies	Some countries, like Russia, " work really hard to get Interpol alerts " against political enemies	1
The reason this election is close .	The reason this election is close	1
Wolf head underwear " make man looks sexy and wild	Wolf head underwear'make man looks sexy and wild	1
Wolf head underwear " make man looks sexy and wild	Wolf head underwear, make man looks sexy and wild	1
The FBI releases docs from its 2001 investigation of Bill Clinton's pardon of Marc Rich	The FBI releases docs from its 2001 investigation of Bill Clinton's 2001 pardon of Marc Rich	1
The FBI releases docs from its 2001 investigation of Bill Clinton's pardon of Marc Rich	The FBI released docs from its 2001 investigation of Bill Clinton's pardon of Marc Rich	1
The FBI releases docs from its 2001 investigation of Bill Clinton's pardon of Marc Rich	The FBI releases docs from its 2001 investigation of Bill Clinton's 2001 pardon of Marc Rich.	1
The FBI releases docs from its 2001 investigation of Bill Clinton's pardon of Marc Rich	FBI releases docs from 2001 investigation into Bill Clinton's pardon of Marc Rich	1
The FBI releases docs from its 2001 investigation of Bill Clinton's pardon of Marc Rich	The FBI released the docs from its 2001 investigation of Bill Clinton's pardon of Marc Rich	1
We dont have to accept a dark and divisive vision for America	We dont have to accept a dark and divisive vision for America.	1
The Times obtained documents showing that Donald Trump used a legally dubious tax avoidance maneuver	The Times obtained documents showing Donald Trump used a legally dubious tax avoidance maneuver.	1
The Times obtained documents showing that Donald Trump used a legally dubious tax avoidance maneuver	The Times obtained documents showing that Trump used a legally dubious tax avoidance maneuver	1
The Times obtained documents showing that Donald Trump used a legally dubious tax avoidance maneuver	The Times obtained documents showing Trump used a legally dubious tax avoidance maneuver	1
The Times obtained documents showing that Donald Trump used a legally dubious tax avoidance maneuver	The Times obtained documents showing Trump used a legally dubious tax avoidance maneuver.	1
The growing divide between red and blue America	A growing divide between red and blue America	1
The Pirate Party was the big winner in Iceland's election	The Pirate Party Was the Big Winner in Icelands Election	1
The Pirate Party was the big winner in Iceland's election	The Pirate Party was the big winner in Iceland's election!	1
The Pirate Party was the big winner in Iceland's election	Pirate Party Was the Big Winner in Icelands Election	1
How great is America really ? Here's a look at how the US measures up to the rest of the world on key issues	How great is America really? Heres a look at how the US measures up to the rest of the world on key issues	1
How to choose between the most corrupt , least popular candidates of all time	How to Choose Between the Most Corrupt, Least Popular Candidates of All Time	1
How to choose between the most corrupt , least popular candidates of all time	How to Choose Between the Most Corrupt, Less Popular Candidates of All Time	1
How to choose between the most corrupt , least popular candidates of all time	How to Choose Between The Most Corrupt, Least Popular Candidates of All Time	1
How to choose between the most corrupt , least popular candidates of all time	How to choose between the most corrupt, least popular candidates of all time	1
How to choose between the most corrupt , least popular candidates of all time	Choose between the most corrupt, least popular candidates of all time	1
Shame on my people . You know better .	Shame on My People. You Know Better.	1
Shame on my people . You know better .	Shame on my people: You know better	1
Shame on my people . You know better .	Shame on My People: You Know Better	1
Shame on my people . You know better .	Shame on my people. You Know Better	1
Shame on my people . You know better .	Shame on my people. You Know Better.	1
Shame on my people . You know better .	Shame on My People. You Know Better	1
Shame on my people . You know better .	Shame on My People, You Know Better	1
Shame on my people . You know better .	Shame on My People You Know Better	1
Shame on my people . You know better .	Shame on my people. You know better.	1
Shame on my people . You know better .	Shame on my people You Know Better.	1
Don't move to Canada , liberals . Move to a swing state	Don't move to Canada, Liberals. Move to a Swing State	1
Don't move to Canada , liberals . Move to a swing state	Don't move to Canada, Liberals. Move to Swing State!	1
The first exit polls show voters aren't excited about Clinton or Trump	First Exit Polls Show Voters Aren't Eager About Clinton or Trump	1
She's probably out voting for Hillary .	She's probably out voting for Hillary	1
Why many veterans back Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton	Why many veterans back Donald Trump over Clinton	1
It's not like we're going to get our breasts back . Some women decide against reconstruction after a mastectomy .	Its not like we're going to get our breasts back. Some women decide against reconstruction after mastectomy.	1
It's not like we're going to get our breasts back . Some women decide against reconstruction after a mastectomy .	It's not like we're going to get our breasts back. Some women decide against reconstruction after mastectomy	1
It's not like we're going to get our breasts back . Some women decide against reconstruction after a mastectomy .	It's not like we're going to get our breasts back. Some women decide against reconstruction after mastectomy.	1
America will no longer settle for anything less than the best	America will no longer settle for anything less than the best.	1
America will no longer settle for anything less than the best	America will not settle for anything less than the best.	1
Trumps election victory rippled beyond the U.S. , raising profound questions about America's place in the world	The ripples of Donald Trump's victory rippled beyond the United States, raising profound questions about America's place in the world.	1
Trumps election victory rippled beyond the U.S. , raising profound questions about America's place in the world	Trumps election victory rippled beyond the U.S., raising profound questions about America's place in the world	1
We don't need Jay Z or Beyonce . We don't need Jon Bon Jovi . We don't need Lady Gaga .	We don't need Jay Z or Beyonce, we don't need Jon Bon Jovi, we don't need Lady Gaga.	1
We don't need Jay Z or Beyonce . We don't need Jon Bon Jovi . We don't need Lady Gaga .	We don't need Beyonce or Jay Z, we don't need Jon Bon Jovi, we don't need Lady Gaga.	1
We don't need Jay Z or Beyonce . We don't need Jon Bon Jovi . We don't need Lady Gaga .	We don't need Jay Z or Beyonce. We don't need Jon Bon Jovi. We don't need Lady Gaga.	1
Hillary Clinton to young women Never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance	Hillary Clinton to young women Do not doubt that you are valuable and powerful. You deserve every chance.	1
Hillary Clinton to young women Never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance	Hillary Clinton to young women Never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance.	1
Hillary Clinton to young women Never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance	Hillary Clinton to young women: Never doubt that you are valuable and powerful and deserving of every chance	1
Former British banker found guilty of murders of two young Indonesian women .	former British banker, found guilty of killing two young Indonesian women	1
Former British banker found guilty of murders of two young Indonesian women .	A British banker has been found guilty of the murder of two young Indonesian women	1
In getting " new " Clinton emails , did the FBI violate the Constitution ?	In Getting New Clinton Emails, Did the FBI Violate the Constitution?	1
In getting " new " Clinton emails , did the FBI violate the Constitution ?	In Finding New Clinton Emails, Did the FBI Violate the Constitution?	1
In getting " new " Clinton emails , did the FBI violate the Constitution ?	In Getting'New'Clinton Emails, Did the FBI Violate the Constitution?	1
In getting " new " Clinton emails , did the FBI violate the Constitution ?	IN RECEIVING " NEW " Clinton Emails Did the FBI Infringe the Constitution?	1
On the Ground A Mysterious Noseless Bust at Tufts Gets Back Its Name	On the ground, a Mysterious Noseless Bust at Tufts Gets Back Its Name	1
Justice Department to monitor polls in 28 states on Election Day	Justice Dept to monitor polls in 28 states on Election Day	1
Justice Department to monitor polls in 28 states on Election Day	Justice Department monitors polls in 28 states on Election Day	1
Donald Trump said Hillary Clinton would be a " terrible example " for his youngest son	Donald Trump says Hillary Clinton would be a " terrible example " for his youngest son	1
Donald Trump said Hillary Clinton would be a " terrible example " for his youngest son	Donald Trump has said Hillary Clinton would be a " terrible example " for his youngest son.	1
No " I Voted " stickers at your polling station ? Print your own here	No " I Voted " Stickers at Your Polling Station? You Can Print Your Own Here	1
No " I Voted " stickers at your polling station ? Print your own here	No " I Voted " Stickers at Your Polling Station? You can Print Yours Here	1
How Donald Trump perfected the rhetoric of fake power	How Trump Perfected the Rhetoric of Fake Power	1
How Donald Trump perfected the rhetoric of fake power	How Trump perfected the rhetoric of fake power	1
How Donald Trump perfected the rhetoric of fake power	How Trump Perfected Rhetoric of Fake Power	1
48 hours of Election Day coverage begins now on CNN's live blog	48 Hours of Election Day Coverage Starts Now On CNN's Live Blog	1
48 hours of Election Day coverage begins now on CNN's live blog	48 Hours of Election Day Coverage Starts Now on CNN's Live Blog	1
Trump surrogate at rally The Clintons dont have sex , so dont vote for Hillary .	Trump surrogate at rally saying Clintons dont have sex, so dont vote for Hillary	1
New email shows DNC boss giving Clinton camp debate question in advance	A new email shows DNC boss giving Clinton camp debate question in advance	1
New email shows DNC boss giving Clinton camp debate question in advance	The New Email Shows DNC Boss Giving Clinton Camp Debate Question In Advance	1
New email shows DNC boss giving Clinton camp debate question in advance	New email shows DNC boss giving Clinton camp debate question in advance.	1
Don't choose fear , choose hope President Obama says during N.C. rally	Don't choose fear, choose hope President Barack Obama says during N.C. rally	1
Your last chance to play our game and predict the next US president	Your last chance to play our game and predict the next US president.	1
UK car insurance firm wants to scan social media posts to price premiums	UK car insurance firm wants to scan social media posts to price premiums.	1
UK car insurance firm wants to scan social media posts to price premiums	The UK car insurance company wants to scan social media posts to price premiums	1
UK car insurance firm wants to scan social media posts to price premiums	A UK car insurance company wants to scan social media posts to price premiums	1
It was just part of our deal that I would leave bits of him in all the houses I visit	It was just part of our deal that I would leave bits of him all the houses I visit	1
It was just part of our deal that I would leave bits of him in all the houses I visit	It was just part of our deal that I would leave bits of him in all the houses I visit.	1
N o-o ne to blame for Phillip Hughes death	N o-o-ne to blame for death of Phillip Hughes	1
N o-o ne to blame for Phillip Hughes death	N o-o ne to blame for death of Phillip Hughes	1
Searches for white pantsuits are now 7% more prevalent than searches for black pantsuits	Searches for white pantsuits are now 7% more prevalent than searches for black pantsuits.	1
Searches for white pantsuits are now 7% more prevalent than searches for black pantsuits	Searches for white pantsuits are now 7% more common than searches for black pantsuits	1
Searches for white pantsuits are now 7% more prevalent than searches for black pantsuits	Searches for white pantsuits are now 7% more common than searches for black pantsuits.	1
Searches for white pantsuits are now 7% more prevalent than searches for black pantsuits	Searches for white pantsuits are now 7% more prevalent, compared to searches for black pantsuits.	1
Donald Trump is set to take the oath of office on Jan .	Donald Trump Is to Take the Oath of Office on Jan.	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	The US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October, down from 5.0%	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October, down from 5.0%	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	In October, the United States unemployment rate dropped to 4.9%, from 5.0%	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	The U.S. unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October, down from 5.0%	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	In October, the US unemployment rate dropped to 4.9% from 5.0%.	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	The US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October, compared to 5.0%	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	In October the US unemployment rate fell, to 4.9%, from 5.0%.	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	US unemployment fell to 4.9% in October, compared with 5.0% rise in October.	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	In October, the U.S. unemployment rate declined to 4.9%, from 5.0% in October.	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	In October, the U.S. unemployment rate fell to 4.9%, from 5.0%.	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	The US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October, down from 5.0%.	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	In October, the US unemployment rate fell to 4.9%, down from 5.0%	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	The U.S. unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October, from 5.0%.	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	In October, the US unemployment rate fell to 4.9%, compared to 5.0% in October.	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	In October, the US unemployment rate dropped to 4.9%, from 5.0%.	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	In October, the US unemployment rate fell to 4.9%, down from 5.0%.	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	The US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October, from 5.0%	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	The U.S. unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October, compared to 5.0% in October.	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	In October, the US unemployment rate fell to 4.9%, from 5.0%.	1
US unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October , down from 5.0%	The U.S. unemployment rate fell to 4.9% in October, down from 5.0%.	1
Facebook officially announces Gameroom , its desktop PC Steam competitor	Facebook officially announces Gameroom, its desktop PC Steam competitor	1
Facebook officially announces Gameroom , its desktop PC Steam competitor	Facebook announces Gameroom, its desktop PC Steam competitor	1
Facebook officially announces Gameroom , its desktop PC Steam competitor	Facebook launches Gameroom, its desktop PC Steam competitor	1
A sheriff's deputy and a member of the Ponca Tribe talk about the Standing Rock pipeline protest in North Dakota	A sheriff's deputy and a member of the Ponca Tribe talk about Standing Rock pipeline protest in North Dakota.	1
A sheriff's deputy and a member of the Ponca Tribe talk about the Standing Rock pipeline protest in North Dakota	A sheriff's deputy and a member of the Ponca Tribe talk about the Standing Rock pipeline protest in North Dakota.	1
A sheriff's deputy and a member of the Ponca Tribe talk about the Standing Rock pipeline protest in North Dakota	A Sheriffs Deputy and a Member of the Ponca Tribe Talk About Standing Rock Pipeline Protest in North Dakota	1
When it comes to the health of your bladder , " It is time to move on from cranberries	When it comes to the health of your bladder, it is time to move on from cranberries	1
A history of racial bias at the Trump family's properties	A history of racial bias at Trump family properties	1
A history of racial bias at the Trump family's properties	A history of racial bias at the Trump family properties	1
An SUV ran over a 2-year-old while her mother appeared distracted by her phone , causing an uproar in China	An SUV ran over a toddler while her mother appeared distracted by her phone, sparking an uproar in China	1
An SUV ran over a 2-year-old while her mother appeared distracted by her phone , causing an uproar in China	A SUV ran over a 2-year-old as her mother appeared distracted by her phone, causing an uproar in China	1
An SUV ran over a 2-year-old while her mother appeared distracted by her phone , causing an uproar in China	An SUV ran over a 2-year-old while her mother appeared distracted by her phone, causing an uproar in China.	1
An SUV ran over a 2-year-old while her mother appeared distracted by her phone , causing an uproar in China	An SUV ran over a 2-year-old while her mother appeared distracted by her phone, causing an uproar in China	1
US-backed forces in Syria say they're launching an operation to seize Raqqa , ISIS ' de facto capital .	US-backed forces in Syria say they're launching an operation to seize ISIS'de facto capital'Raqqa	1
370 economists sign letter to slam Trump for " magical thinking & amp ; conspiracy theories	370 economists sign letter slamming Trump for " magical thinking & amp ; conspiracy theories	1
370 economists sign letter to slam Trump for " magical thinking & amp ; conspiracy theories	370 economists send letter slamming Trump for " magical thinking & amp ; conspiracy theories	1
370 economists sign letter to slam Trump for " magical thinking & amp ; conspiracy theories	370 economists sign letter slamming Trump for'magical thinking & amp ; conspiracy theories	1
Hillary Clintons early work in the courtroom wasn't glamorous , but it hinted of the politician she would become .	Hillary Clinton's early work in the courtroom wasn't glamorous, but it hinted at the politician she would become	1
Some companies are closing to allow employees to get out and vote	Some companies have closed to allow employees to vote	1
How Does The Electoral College Work And Is It Fair ?	How Does The Electoral College Work and Is It Fair?	1
How Does The Electoral College Work And Is It Fair ?	How Does The Electoral College Work And Is It Fair?	1
How Does The Electoral College Work And Is It Fair ?	How Does the Electoral College Work And Is It Fair?	1
Denouncing Trump as a liar misses the point of authoritarian propaganda altogether .	Denouncing Trump as a Liar Misses the Point of Authoritarian Propaganda	1
A yearlong review of Donald Trumps business record reveals decades of boom and bust , reinvention and deception	A yearlong review of Donald Trumps business record reveals decades of boom and bust, reinvention and deception	1
A yearlong review of Donald Trumps business record reveals decades of boom and bust , reinvention and deception	A Yearlong Review of Donald Trumps Business History reveals decades of boom and bust, reinvention and deception.	1
Some 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this Election Day . In 2012 , 780-plus personnel were in place .	Some 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls on Election Day. In 2012, 780+ personnel were in place.	1
Some 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this Election Day . In 2012 , 780-plus personnel were in place .	About 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this election day, which was 780-plus personnel in 2012.	1
Some 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this Election Day . In 2012 , 780-plus personnel were in place .	Some 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this Election Day, while 780-plus personnel were in place in 2012.	1
Some 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this Election Day . In 2012 , 780-plus personnel were in place .	Around 500 people will monitor polls in 28 states this Election Day. In 2012, 780-plus personnel were in place.	1
Some 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this Election Day . In 2012 , 780-plus personnel were in place .	Some 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this Election Day, in 2012 there were 780-plus personnel in place.	1
Some 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this Election Day . In 2012 , 780-plus personnel were in place .	Some 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this Election Day. In 2012, 780-plus personnel were in place.	1
Some 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this Election Day . In 2012 , 780-plus personnel were in place .	500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this election day. In 2012, 780-plus personnel were in place.	1
Some 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this Election Day . In 2012 , 780-plus personnel were in place .	Some 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this Election Day, as in 2012 780-plus personnel were in place.	1
Some 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this Election Day . In 2012 , 780-plus personnel were in place .	Some 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this Election Day. In 2012 there were 780-plus personnel in place.	1
Some 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this Election Day . In 2012 , 780-plus personnel were in place .	About 500 people will monitor the polls in 28 states this election day. In 2012, 780-plus personnel were in place.	1
Some 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this Election Day . In 2012 , 780-plus personnel were in place .	Around 500 people will monitor the polls in 28 states this election day, and in 2012, 780+ personnel were in place.	1
Some 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this Election Day . In 2012 , 780-plus personnel were in place .	Around 500 people in 28 states will monitor the polls this Election Day, in 2012, 780-plus personnel were in place.	1
MADAM PRESIDENT , " said the would-be @nytimes headline	MADAM PRESIDENT,'said would-be @nytimes headline	1
MADAM PRESIDENT , " said the would-be @nytimes headline	MADAM PRESIDENT, " said would-be #Nytimes headline	1
Obama jokes about report that Trump campaign has " taken away his Twitter .	Obama jokes about report that Trump campaign has "taken away" Twitter.	1
Afghanistan itself is now taking in the most Afghan migrants	Afghanistan itself is now taking in most Afghan migrants	1
Afghanistan itself is now taking in the most Afghan migrants	The Afghanistan itself is taking in the most Afghan migrants	1
How Donald Trump avoided paying taxes using other people's money	How Trump Avoided Paying Taxes by Using Others' Money	1
How Donald Trump avoided paying taxes using other people's money	How Trump Avoided Paying Taxes By Use of Other Peoples Money	1
How Donald Trump avoided paying taxes using other people's money	How Trump Avoided Paying Taxes Using Others Money	1
How Donald Trump avoided paying taxes using other people's money	How Trump Avoided Paying Taxes Using Other People's Money	1
How Donald Trump avoided paying taxes using other people's money	How Trump Avoided Paying Taxes Using Other Peoples Money	1
This is where they extended the hours to 10 PM . I'm sure Trump is racking up the votes here .	This is where they extended the hours to 10 PM. I'm sure Trump is racking up the votes here.	1
This is where they extended the hours to 10 PM . I'm sure Trump is racking up the votes here .	In this case they extended the hours to 10 PM. I'm sure Trump is racking up the votes here.	1
This is where they extended the hours to 10 PM . I'm sure Trump is racking up the votes here .	Where They Extended The Hours to 10 PM. I'm Sure Trump Is Racking Up the Votes Here	1
Amazon plans to enter Southeast Asia with Singapore launch in Q1 2017	Amazon planning to move into Southeast Asia, with Singapore launch in Q1 2017	1
10 questions about the new email trove that could be connected to the Hillary Clinton investigation	10 Questions About The New Email Tract That Could Be Connected to the Hillary Clinton Investigation	1
Donald Trump captures presidency in historic and stunning upset of Hillary Clinton .	Donald Trump captures presidency in historic and stunning upset of Clinton.	1
Donald Trump captures presidency in historic and stunning upset of Hillary Clinton .	Donald Trump Captures Presidency in Historic and Shocking Upset of Clinton	1
Donald Trump captures presidency in historic and stunning upset of Hillary Clinton .	Donald Trump captures presidency in historic and stunning upset of Hillary Clinton	1
How a " lost " dog brought Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton supporters together	How a " lost " dog helped Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton supporters come together	1
EYES ON THE PRIZE Shifting electoral map reveals Trump's potential path to victory	EYES ON THE PRIZE Shifting electoral map reveals chance for Trump to win	1
Here are 6 ways Trump could win	6 ways Trump could win.	1
We don't need Jay Z or Beyonc . We don't need Jon Bon Jovi . We don't need Lady Gaga	We don't need Jay Z or Beyonc. We don't need Jon Bon Jovi. We don't need Lady Gaga	1
We don't need Jay Z or Beyonc . We don't need Jon Bon Jovi . We don't need Lady Gaga	We don't need Beyonc or Jay Z. We don't need Jon Bon Jovi. We don't need Lady Gaga.	1
We don't need Jay Z or Beyonc . We don't need Jon Bon Jovi . We don't need Lady Gaga	We don't need Jay Z or Beyonc, we don't need Jon Bon Jovi, we don't need Lady Gaga.	1
We don't need Jay Z or Beyonc . We don't need Jon Bon Jovi . We don't need Lady Gaga	We don't need Jay Z or Beyonc. We don't need Jon Bon Jovi. We don't need Lady Gaga.	1
U.S. officials doubt Donald Trump has direct link to Russia	U.S. officials doubt Trump has a direct link to Russia.	1
U.S. officials doubt Donald Trump has direct link to Russia	U.S. Officials doubt Trump has direct link to Russia	1
No surprises here A study finds that New York City has the worst airports in the nation	New York City has the worst airports in the country. Study shows no surprises here.	1
Rachel Bloom led a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of " We Are the World	Rachel Bloom led a profane anti-Trump anthem, in the style of We Are the World.	1
Rachel Bloom led a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of " We Are the World	Rachel Bloom sung a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of " We Are the World.	1
Rachel Bloom led a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of " We Are the World	Rachel Bloom sings a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of 'We Are the World'	1
Rachel Bloom led a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of " We Are the World	Rachel Bloom sang a profane anti-Trump anthem in the style of " we are the world	1
Why is black voter turnout lagging in North Carolina ?	Why is black voter turnout lagging in North Carolina?	1
Why is black voter turnout lagging in North Carolina ?	Why is Black Voter Turnout Lagging in North Carolina?	1
Jay-Z uses " the worst language I have ever heard " and most people left the rally when he and Beyonc left	Jay-Z uses " the worst language I have ever heard ", and most people left the rally when he and Beyonc left.	1
Jay-Z uses " the worst language I have ever heard " and most people left the rally when he and Beyonc left	Jay-Z uses'the worst language I have ever heard '. Most people left the rally when he and Beyonc left.	1
Jay-Z uses " the worst language I have ever heard " and most people left the rally when he and Beyonc left	Jay-Z Uses " the Worst Language I Have Ever Heard " and Most People Leave the Rally When He and Beyonc Leave	1
Jay-Z uses " the worst language I have ever heard " and most people left the rally when he and Beyonc left	Jay-Z uses, " the worst language I have ever heard, " and most people left the rally when he and Beyonc left.	1
Jay-Z uses " the worst language I have ever heard " and most people left the rally when he and Beyonc left	Jay-Z uses 'the worst language I have ever heard'and most people left the rally when he and Beyonc left.	1
Jay-Z uses " the worst language I have ever heard " and most people left the rally when he and Beyonc left	Jay-Z Uses 'the Worst Language I Have Ever Heard'and Most People Leave the Rally When He and Beyonc Left	1
These companies will be closed on Election Day	These companies will close on Election Day	1
Here's why some women will #WearWhiteToVote on Election Day	Why Some Women Will #WearWhiteToVote on Election Day	1
Here's why some women will #WearWhiteToVote on Election Day	These are just some of the reasons some women will #WearWhiteToVote on Election Day	1
This election year has been an exhausting parade of ugliness	This election year has been an exhausting parade of ugliness.	1
This election year has been an exhausting parade of ugliness	This election year has been an exhausting parade of uglyness	1
Justice Department official gave Clinton camp ' heads up ' about testimony	Justice Department official gave Clinton camp'heads up'about testimony	1
Justice Department official gave Clinton camp ' heads up ' about testimony	Justice Dept official gave Clinton camp'heads up'about testimony	1
Justice Department official gave Clinton camp ' heads up ' about testimony	Officials at the Department of Justice gave Clinton camp'heads up'about testimony.	1
Justice Department official gave Clinton camp ' heads up ' about testimony	A Justice Department official gave Clinton camp'heads up'about testimony	1
Harvard canceled the rest of its mens soccer season over lewd ratings of female players	Harvard Cancels Mens Soccer Season Over Lewd Ratings of Female Players	1
Harvard canceled the rest of its mens soccer season over lewd ratings of female players	Harvard canceled the rest of the men's soccer season over lewd ratings of female players	1
Iraqi forces have entered Mosul , ISIS last major stronghold in Iraq	Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul, last major ISIS stronghold in Iraq	1
Iraqi forces have entered Mosul , ISIS last major stronghold in Iraq	Iraqi forces have entered ISIS-held Mosul, the last major ISIS stronghold in Iraq.	1
Iraqi forces have entered Mosul , ISIS last major stronghold in Iraq	Iraqi forces have entered ISIS stronghold Mosul, last major ISIS stronghold in Iraq.	1
Iraqi forces have entered Mosul , ISIS last major stronghold in Iraq	Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul, ISIS last major stronghold in Iraq	1
Iraqi forces have entered Mosul , ISIS last major stronghold in Iraq	Iraqi forces have entered ISIS-held Mosul, last major ISIS stronghold in Iraq	1
Iraqi forces have entered Mosul , ISIS last major stronghold in Iraq	Iraqi forces enter ISIS stronghold Mosul, the last major ISIS stronghold in Iraq	1
Iraqi forces have entered Mosul , ISIS last major stronghold in Iraq	Iraqi forces have entered ISIS stronghold Mosul, the last major ISIS stronghold in Iraq	1
Tunisia , through the eyes of its artists and intellectuals	Tunisia, through the eyes of its artists and intellectuals.	1
Tunisia , through the eyes of its artists and intellectuals	Tunisia through the eyes of its artists and intellectuals	1
Tunisia , through the eyes of its artists and intellectuals	Tunisia, through the eyes of its artists and intellectuals	1
Almost everywhere in the world , mosquitoes are a menace . But not in Iceland .	Mosquitoes are a global menace, but not in Iceland	1
Almost everywhere in the world , mosquitoes are a menace . But not in Iceland .	Mosquitoes Are a Threat Almost Almost Almost Across the World, but Not in Iceland	1
Almost everywhere in the world , mosquitoes are a menace . But not in Iceland .	Mosquitoes Are a Threat Almost Almost Across the World. But Not in Iceland	1
Almost everywhere in the world , mosquitoes are a menace . But not in Iceland .	Mosquitoes Across the World Mosquitoes are a Threat, but Not in Iceland	1
Cubs 9 , Indians 3 Series tied , 3-3 After an Eternity , the Cubs and the Indians Will Have to Wait One More Day	3 Series tied Cubs 9, Indians 3 Series tied 3-3 After an Eternity, the Cubs and the Indians Will Have to Wait One More Day.	1
6 books to help understand Donald Trump's win	6 Books to Help Understand Trumps Win	1
Iraqi troops have begun to liberate eastern Mosul neighborhoods	Iraqi troops start to liberate eastern Mosul neighborhoods	1
Iraqi troops have begun to liberate eastern Mosul neighborhoods	Iraqi troops begin to liberate eastern Mosul neighborhoods	1
Iraqi troops have begun to liberate eastern Mosul neighborhoods	Iraqi troops begin liberating eastern Mosul neighborhoods	1
Iraqi troops have begun to liberate eastern Mosul neighborhoods	Iraqi troops liberate eastern Mosul neighborhoods	1
Iraqi troops have begun to liberate eastern Mosul neighborhoods	Iraqi troops begin liberation of eastern Mosul neighborhoods	1
I want my daughter to see a woman lead the country	I want my daughter to see a woman lead the country.	1
I want my daughter to see a woman lead the country	I want my daughter to see a woman lead the country. I want my daughter to see a woman	1
I want my daughter to see a woman lead the country	My daughter would want to see a woman lead the country.	1
I want my daughter to see a woman lead the country	I want my daughter to see a woman lead the country. I want her to see a woman lead the country.	1
Eric Trump says former KKK leader David Duke " deserves a bullet .	Eric Trump says former KKK leader David Duke'deserves a bullet	1
Donald Trump flat out lies about how Obama reacted to a protester at rally	Donald Trump flat out lies about Obama's reaction to a protester at rally	1
Donald Trump flat out lies about how Obama reacted to a protester at rally	Trump flat out lies about Obama's reaction to a protester at rally	1
Donald Trump flat out lies about how Obama reacted to a protester at rally	Donald Trump Flat Out Lies About Obama Response to a Protester at Rally	1
Donald Trump flat out lies about how Obama reacted to a protester at rally	Donald Trump flat out lies about Obama's reaction to a protester at rally.	1
Donald Trump flat out lies about how Obama reacted to a protester at rally	Donald Trump flat out lies about Obama reacted to a protester at rally	1
Donald Trump flat out lies about how Obama reacted to a protester at rally	Donald Trump flat out lies about Obama'reacting to a protester at rally	1
Donald Trump flat out lies about how Obama reacted to a protester at rally	Trump flat out lies about Obama's reaction to a protester at rally.	1
It all comes down to this . World Series Game 7 Indians Follow live	It all comes down to this. World Series Game 7 Indians Live Follow Live	1
It all comes down to this . World Series Game 7 Indians Follow live	It all comes down to this. World Series Game 7 Indians Live	1
Trump landed the coveted iek endorsement . Why am I not surprised ?	Trump got the coveted iek endorsement. Why Am I Not Surprised?	1
Uber competitor Karhoo shuts down after blowing through $250M	Uber rival Karhoo shuts down, blowing through $250M	1
Uber competitor Karhoo shuts down after blowing through $250M	Uber competitor Karhoo shuts down after slashing through $250M	1
Uber competitor Karhoo shuts down after blowing through $250M	Uber rival Karhoo shuts down after blowing through $250M	1
Uber competitor Karhoo shuts down after blowing through $250M	Uber competitor Karhoo shuts down after blowing through 250M	1
LA-area polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; at least two people were wounded	LA-area polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; at least two people wounded	1
LA-area polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; at least two people were wounded	LA polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; at least two people were wounded	1
LA-area polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; at least two people were wounded	LA-area polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; 2 people wounded	1
LA-area polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; at least two people were wounded	LA-area polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; two people were wounded	1
LA-area polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; at least two people were wounded	LA-area polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; at least 2 people were wounded	1
LA-area polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; at least two people were wounded	LA polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; at least 2 people were wounded	1
LA-area polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; at least two people were wounded	LA-area polling station on lockdown, after shots nearby ; 2 people injured	1
LA-area polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; at least two people were wounded	LA polling station on lockdown after shots nearby ; at least two people wounded	1
What did they call this ? A Jack in the Box taco ? Oh , come on , no you didnt .	What Did They Call This? A Jack in the Box Taco? Oh Come on, No You Didnt.	1
What did they call this ? A Jack in the Box taco ? Oh , come on , no you didnt .	What did they call this? A Jack in the Box taco? Oh, come on, no you didnt.	1
What did they call this ? A Jack in the Box taco ? Oh , come on , no you didnt .	What Did They Call This? A Jack in the Box Taco? Oh Come On, No You Didnt.	1
What did they call this ? A Jack in the Box taco ? Oh , come on , no you didnt .	What Did They Call This A Jack in the Box taco? Oh Come On, No You Didnt	1
What did they call this ? A Jack in the Box taco ? Oh , come on , no you didnt .	What They Called This: A Jack in the Box Taco? Oh, Come on, No You Didnt.	1
What did they call this ? A Jack in the Box taco ? Oh , come on , no you didnt .	What did they call this? A Jack in the Box taco? Oh, come on, No You Didnt.	1
What did they call this ? A Jack in the Box taco ? Oh , come on , no you didnt .	What did they call this? a Jack in the Box taco? Oh, come on, no you didnt.	1
Donald Trump is rallying supporters in the battleground state of Iowa	Donald Trump Is Rallying Supporters in Battleground State of Iowa	1
Wolf Head crotch underwear " make man looks sexy and wild	Wolf Head Crotch Underwear'make man looks sexy and wild	1
Taken down by Khzir Khan and deported by Latino voters .	Taken down by Khzir Khan and deported by Latino voters.	1
Taken down by Khzir Khan and deported by Latino voters .	Put down by Khzir Khan and deported by Latino voters.	1
Donald Trump says daughter Tiffany isn't quite on par with Don Jr. , Eric and Ivanka	Donald Trump says daughter Tiffany isn't exactly on par with Don Jr., Eric, and Ivanka	1
Donald Trump says daughter Tiffany isn't quite on par with Don Jr. , Eric and Ivanka	Donald Trump says his daughter Tiffany isn't quite on par with Ivanka, Eric, and Don Jr.	1
Want to change your vote ? Some states say no problem	Want to change your vote? Some states say no problem!	1
Want to change your vote ? Some states say no problem	Want to change your vote? Many states say no problem.	1
Want to change your vote ? Some states say no problem	Want to change your vote? Some states say no problem.	1
Want to change your vote ? Some states say no problem	Want to change your vote? Some states say no problem	1
Want to change your vote ? Some states say no problem	Want to Change Your Vote? Some States Say No Problem.	1
Want to change your vote ? Some states say no problem	Want to Change Your Vote? Some States Say No Problem	1
How merit aid is changing the public university landscape	How Merit Aid Is Impacting the Public University Landscape.	1
Donald Trump as dealmaker Decades of boom and bust , reinvention and deception	Donald Trump as Dealmaker Decades of Boom and Bust, Reinvention, and Deception	1
Donald Trump as dealmaker Decades of boom and bust , reinvention and deception	Donald Trump as Dealmaker Decades of Boom and Bust, Reinvention and Deception	1
Donald Trump as dealmaker Decades of boom and bust , reinvention and deception	Donald Trump as Dealmaker Decades of boom and bust, reinvention and deception	1
Donald Trump as dealmaker Decades of boom and bust , reinvention and deception	Donald Trump as dealmaker Decades of boom and bust, reinvention and deception	1
When will we know when we have a winner ?	When Will We Know When We Have a Winner?	1
The Crown , " about Queen Elizabeth II , finds drama in a monarchy , no gore needed .	The Crown, About Queen Elizabeth II, Finds Drama in a Monarchy, No Gore Needed.	1
The Crown , " about Queen Elizabeth II , finds drama in a monarchy , no gore needed .	The Crown, about Elizabeth II, finds drama in a monarchy, no gore required.	1
The Crown , " about Queen Elizabeth II , finds drama in a monarchy , no gore needed .	The Crown, about Queen Elizabeth II finds drama in a monarchy, no gore needed	1
The Crown , " about Queen Elizabeth II , finds drama in a monarchy , no gore needed .	The Crown, about Queen Elizabeth II finds drama in a monarchy, no gore needed.	1
The Crown , " about Queen Elizabeth II , finds drama in a monarchy , no gore needed .	The Crown,'About Queen Elizabeth II, Finds Drama in a Monarchy, No Gore Needed.	1
The Crown , " about Queen Elizabeth II , finds drama in a monarchy , no gore needed .	The Crown, " about Queen Elizabeth II Finds Drama in a Monarchy, No Gore Needed.	1
WhatsApp is testing a clone of Snapchat Stories , called Status	WhatsApp is testing a clone of Snapchat Stories, called status	1
WhatsApp is testing a clone of Snapchat Stories , called Status	WhatsApp is testing a clone of Snapchat Stories, called Status	1
The start of the end for environmental protections .	The start of the end for environmental protections.	1
The start of the end for environmental protections .	The beginning of the end for environmental protections.	1
Police fire rubber bullets as #DAPL pipeline protesters try to protect burial site .	Police fire rubber bullets as pipeline protesters try to protect #DAPL burial site	1
The 2016 Senate election forecast , updated	The 2016 Senate Election Forecast, Updated	1
The 2016 Senate election forecast , updated	The 2016 Senate Election Forecast, Updated.	1
The 2016 Senate election forecast , updated	2016 Senate Election Forecast, Updated	1
NYPD officer killed , another wounded in Bronx shootout	New York police officer killed, another wounded during shootout in the Bronx	1
300 million children breathe highly toxic air , Unicef reports	300 Million Children Breathe Highly Toxic Air, UNICEF Reports	1
300 million children breathe highly toxic air , Unicef reports	300 Million Children Breath High Toxic Air, Unicef Says	1
300 million children breathe highly toxic air , Unicef reports	300 Million Children Inhale Highly Toxic Air, Unicef Says	1
300 million children breathe highly toxic air , Unicef reports	300 million children breathe highly toxic air says UNICEF	1
300 million children breathe highly toxic air , Unicef reports	300M Children Breath Highly Toxic Air Unicef reports	1
300 million children breathe highly toxic air , Unicef reports	Unicef: 300 Million Children Breath Highly Toxic Air, UNICEF Says	1
Why failure is necessary for success in entrepreneurship . Full episodes of The Down Round	How failure is necessary for successful entrepreneurship. Full episodes of The Down Round	1
An afternoon with Charles Oakley , proud son of Cleveland	An afternoon with Charles Oakley, proud son of Cleveland	1
An afternoon with Charles Oakley , proud son of Cleveland	An afternoon with Charles Oakley, proud son of Cleveland.	1
A lament for Hillary Clinton , the woman	A lament for Hillary Clinton, the woman	1
Young readers share their stories of how banned books saved their lives .	Young readers tell their stories on how banned books saved their lives.	1
Chelsea Manning tried to commit suicide for the second time in October	Chelsea Manning Tried Committing Suicide 2nd Time in October	1
Chelsea Manning tried to commit suicide for the second time in October	Chelsea Manning Tried Committing Suicide a Second Time in October.	1
Chelsea Manning tried to commit suicide for the second time in October	Chelsea Manning Tried Committing Suicide a Second Time in October	1
Women's cancer deaths are expected to rise 60% by 2030 , according to a new report	New report predicts women's cancer deaths will rise 60% by 2030.	1
On #ElectionDay , Donald Trump still signals he may not accept the results	On Election Day, Donald Trump still signals he may not accept the results.	1
On #ElectionDay , Donald Trump still signals he may not accept the results	On Election Day, Trump Still Signals He May Not Accept Results	1
On #ElectionDay , Donald Trump still signals he may not accept the results	On Election Day, Trump still signals he may not accept the results	1
We're looking for fake news and memes on Election Day . Can you help ?	I'm looking for fake news and memes on Election Day. Can you help?	1
We're looking for fake news and memes on Election Day . Can you help ?	We're looking for fake news and memes on Election Day. Can you help?	1
We're looking for fake news and memes on Election Day . Can you help ?	In short, we're looking for fake news and memes on Election Day. Can you help?	1
James Comey is a constitutional lightweight , and Trump is still the only real scandal	Comey Is a Constitutional Lightweight, and Trump is Still the Only Real Scandal	1
James Comey is a constitutional lightweight , and Trump is still the only real scandal	Comey is a constitutional lightweight, and Trump is still the only real scandal	1
James Comey is a constitutional lightweight , and Trump is still the only real scandal	James Comey Is a Constitutional Lightweight, and Trump Still the Only Real Scandal	1
James Comey is a constitutional lightweight , and Trump is still the only real scandal	Comey Is a Constitutional Lightweight, and Trump Is Still the Only Scandal	1
James Comey is a constitutional lightweight , and Trump is still the only real scandal	James Comey Is a Constitutional Lightweight, and Trump Still the Only Scandal	1
Latest unpaid Trump vendor is his own pollster , a filing shows	Latest Unpaid Trump Vendor Is His Own Pollster, Filing Shows	1
Latest unpaid Trump vendor is his own pollster , a filing shows	The latest unpaid Trump vendor is his own pollster, filing shows.	1
Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton are neck-and-neck in a new national tracking poll	Trump and Clinton Are Neck-and-neck in New National Tracking Poll	1
Look at the gender breakdown in this Trump/anti-Trump battle in a school .	Look at the gender breakdown in this Trump/anti-Trump battle in a school	1
Look at the gender breakdown in this Trump/anti-Trump battle in a school .	Looking at the gender breakdown in this Trump/anti-Trump battle in a school	1
Look at the gender breakdown in this Trump/anti-Trump battle in a school .	Look at the gender breakdown in this #Trump/Anti-Trump battle in a school	1
Look at the gender breakdown in this Trump/anti-Trump battle in a school .	Look at the gender breakdown in this Trump/anti-Trump fight in a school.	1
Look at the gender breakdown in this Trump/anti-Trump battle in a school .	Look at the gender breakdown in this Trump/anti-Trump battle in a school.	1
Look at the gender breakdown in this Trump/anti-Trump battle in a school .	Looking at the gender breakdown in this Trump/anti-Trump fight in a school	1
Look at the gender breakdown in this Trump/anti-Trump battle in a school .	Look at the gender breakdown in this Trump - Anti-Trump fight in a school.	1
Look at the gender breakdown in this Trump/anti-Trump battle in a school .	Look at the gender breakdown in this #Trump/anti-Trump battle in a school.	1
Look at the gender breakdown in this Trump/anti-Trump battle in a school .	Look at the gender breakdown in this Trump/anti-Trump fight in a school	1
Look at the gender breakdown in this Trump/anti-Trump battle in a school .	Looking at the gender breakdown in this Trump/anti-Trump battle in a school.	1
The final days of Donald Trump's campaign We take you on his plane , to his headquarters and inside his head	The final days of Donald Trump's campaign We take you on his plane, to his headquarters, and inside his head	1
The final days of Donald Trump's campaign We take you on his plane , to his headquarters and inside his head	The final days of Donald Trump's campaign We take you on his plane, to his headquarters and inside his head	1
Melania Trump says people should be nicer on social media . Her husband is Donald Trump .	Melania Trump says people should be nicer on social media. Her husband is Donald Trump.	1
Melania Trump says people should be nicer on social media . Her husband is Donald Trump .	Melania Trump says we should be nicer on social media. Her husband is Donald Trump.	1
Melania Trump says people should be nicer on social media . Her husband is Donald Trump .	Melania Trump thinks that people should be nicer on social media. Her husband is Donald Trump.	1
Melania Trump says people should be nicer on social media . Her husband is Donald Trump .	Melania Trump Says People Should Be Nicer on Social Media. Her Husband Is Donald Trump.	1
Melania Trump says people should be nicer on social media . Her husband is Donald Trump .	Melania Trump: People should be nicer on social media. Her husband is Donald Trump.	1
Melania Trump says people should be nicer on social media . Her husband is Donald Trump .	Melania Trump: People should be nicer on social media. Her husband is Donald Trump	1
Barack Obama has added another milestone to his technological legacy He's the first U.S. president to use Snapchat	Obama Adds Another Milestone to His Technological Legacy Obama Is the First U.S. President to Use Snapchat	1
House Speaker Paul Ryan speaking for first time since Donald Trumps presidential victory	House Speaker Paul Ryan speaks for first time since Donald Trumps presidential victory	1
House Speaker Paul Ryan speaking for first time since Donald Trumps presidential victory	House speaker Paul Ryan speaks for the first time since Donald Trumps presidential victory.	1
closing the gap Are the mainstream media misjudging him yet again ?	Close the Gap: Are the Mainstream Media Misjudging Him Again?	1
closing the gap Are the mainstream media misjudging him yet again ?	Closing the Gap Are Mainstream Media Misjudging Him Again?	1
closing the gap Are the mainstream media misjudging him yet again ?	closing the gap Are the mainstream media misjudging him yet again?	1
closing the gap Are the mainstream media misjudging him yet again ?	closing the gap Are the Mainstream media misjudging him again?	1
closing the gap Are the mainstream media misjudging him yet again ?	closing the gap Are the mainstream media misjudging him again?	1
closing the gap Are the mainstream media misjudging him yet again ?	Close the Gap Are Mainstream Media Misjudging Him Again?	1
closing the gap Are the mainstream media misjudging him yet again ?	Close the Gap Are the Mainstream Media Misjudging Him Again?	1
closing the gap Are the mainstream media misjudging him yet again ?	Closing the Gap are mainstream media misjudging him again	1
Oh , well in that casewait what	Oh, well in that casewait what happened	1
Did you miss Trump's victory speech last night ? Watch the key moments in under two minutes	Did you miss Donald Trump's victory speech last night? Watch the key moments in under two minutes	1
Ebola evolved into a deadlier enemy during the African epidemic	Ebola Evolved Into Deadlier Enemy During African Epidemic	1
Ebola evolved into a deadlier enemy during the African epidemic	Ebola Adapted to a Deadlier Enemy During African Epidemic	1
Ebola evolved into a deadlier enemy during the African epidemic	Ebola Evolved Into Deadlier Enemy During the African Epidemic	1
Ebola evolved into a deadlier enemy during the African epidemic	Ebola Evolved into Deadlier Enemy During African Epidemic	1
Ebola evolved into a deadlier enemy during the African epidemic	Ebola Evolved Into a Deadlier Enemy During African Epidemic	1
The theory that the FBI is out to get Clinton is becoming more plausible	This is becoming more plausible. The theory that the FBI is out to get Clinton is becoming more plausible.	1
The theory that the FBI is out to get Clinton is becoming more plausible	Theories That the FBI Is Out to Get Clinton are becoming more plausible.	1
The theory that the FBI is out to get Clinton is becoming more plausible	Theory That the FBI Is Out to Get Clinton Becomes More Plausible	1
The warnings about TV news hiring political operatives have come true , @jimrutenberg writes	The warnings about TV news hiring political operatives are coming true, writes @Jimrutenberg	1
The warnings about TV news hiring political operatives have come true , @jimrutenberg writes	The warnings about TV news hiring political operatives have come true, @Jimrutenberg writes	1
The warnings about TV news hiring political operatives have come true , @jimrutenberg writes	warnings about TV news hiring political operatives have come true, @Jimrutenberg writes	1
GoPro is recalling the Karma drone after just 16 days on the market	GoPro is recalling the Karma drone after just 16 days on the market.	1
AirPR raises $5M to bring more data to PR	@AirPR raises $5 million to bring more data to PR	1
It's been a long , long but we've summarised it in 170 seconds	Its been a long, long time but we've summarised it in 170 seconds	1
It's been a long , long but we've summarised it in 170 seconds	It's been a long time, but we've summarised it in just 170 seconds.	1
It's been a long , long but we've summarised it in 170 seconds	It's been a long, long time, but we have summarised it in 170 seconds	1
It's been a long , long but we've summarised it in 170 seconds	It's been a long time, but we've summarised it in 170 seconds.	1
We should dump time zones and synchronize our watches for real .	We should smear time zones and synchronize our watches for real	1
We should dump time zones and synchronize our watches for real .	We should dump time zones. Synchronize our watches for real	1
So Cory's still on the team , huh ?	So Cory's still on the team?	1
UK government must hold vote in Parliament before triggering formal Brexit process , court rules .	The UK must hold a vote in Parliament before triggering the formal Brexit process, the court rules	1
UK government must hold vote in Parliament before triggering formal Brexit process , court rules .	The UK government must have a vote in Parliament before triggering the formal Brexit process, the court rules.	1
UK government must hold vote in Parliament before triggering formal Brexit process , court rules .	The UK government must hold a vote in Parliament before triggering the formal Brexit process, court rules	1
UK government must hold vote in Parliament before triggering formal Brexit process , court rules .	The UK government has to hold a vote in Parliament before triggering the formal Brexit process, a court rules.	1
UK government must hold vote in Parliament before triggering formal Brexit process , court rules .	UK government must hold'vote in Parliament'before triggering formal Brexit process, court rules	1
UK government must hold vote in Parliament before triggering formal Brexit process , court rules .	UK Government Must Hold Vote in Parliament Before triggering formal Brexit Process, Court Says	1
This is literally how the Nazis defined who was and was not a Jew	This is literally how the Nazis defined who was and who were not a Jew.	1
This is literally how the Nazis defined who was and was not a Jew	This is literally how the Nazis defined who was and what was not a Jew	1
This is literally how the Nazis defined who was and was not a Jew	This is literally how the Nazis defined who was and was not a Jew.	1
A guide to getting a bachelor's degree abroad	A guide to obtaining a Bachelors Degree abroad.	1
A guide to getting a bachelor's degree abroad	Guide to Getting a Bachelors Degree Abroad	1
California rejects abolishing death penalty ; narrowly passes proposition to speed up executions Los Angeles Times	California rejects abolishing death penalty; narrowly passes proposition to speed up executions Los Angeles Times	1
California rejects abolishing death penalty ; narrowly passes proposition to speed up executions Los Angeles Times	CA rejects abolishing death penalty ; narrowly passes proposal to speed up executions LA Times	1
California rejects abolishing death penalty ; narrowly passes proposition to speed up executions Los Angeles Times	California rejects abolishing the death penalty ; narrowly passes proposal to speed up executions Los Angeles Times	1
California rejects abolishing death penalty ; narrowly passes proposition to speed up executions Los Angeles Times	California rejects repealing the death penalty ; narrowly passes proposal to speed up executions Los Angeles Times	1
California rejects abolishing death penalty ; narrowly passes proposition to speed up executions Los Angeles Times	California rejects abolishing death penalty, narrowly passes proposition to speed up executions Los Angeles Times	1
California rejects abolishing death penalty ; narrowly passes proposition to speed up executions Los Angeles Times	California rejects abolishing death penalty, but narrowly passes proposal to speed up executions Los Angeles Times	1
California rejects abolishing death penalty ; narrowly passes proposition to speed up executions Los Angeles Times	Los Angeles Times: California rejects abolishing death penalty; narrowly passes proposition to speed up executions	1
California rejects abolishing death penalty ; narrowly passes proposition to speed up executions Los Angeles Times	California rejects abolishing death penalty ; narrowly passes proposal to speed up executions Los Angeles Times	1
California rejects abolishing death penalty ; narrowly passes proposition to speed up executions Los Angeles Times	California rejects abolishing death penalty, narrowly passes proposal to speed up executions Los Angeles Times	1
California rejects abolishing death penalty ; narrowly passes proposition to speed up executions Los Angeles Times	California rejects abolishing death penalty ; narrowly passes proposition to speed up executions LA Times	1
California rejects abolishing death penalty ; narrowly passes proposition to speed up executions Los Angeles Times	Los Angeles Times: California rejects abolishing death penalty; narrowly passes proposal to speed up executions	1
Hillary Clinton enlists " Daisy " from the 1964 ad to question Donald Trump on nukes	Hillary Clinton enlists'Daisy'from 1964 ad to question Trump on nukes.	1
Hillary Clinton enlists " Daisy " from the 1964 ad to question Donald Trump on nukes	Hillary Clinton asks Daisy from 1964 ad to question Trump on nukes.	1
Hillary Clinton enlists " Daisy " from the 1964 ad to question Donald Trump on nukes	Clinton enlists'Daisy'from 1964 ad to question Trump on nukes	1
Hillary Clinton enlists " Daisy " from the 1964 ad to question Donald Trump on nukes	Hillary Clinton enlists " Daisy " from 1964 ad to question Trump on nukes.	1
On this one thing Donald Trump is right The Democratic Party has taken black Americans for granted .	On this one thing, Donald Trump is right The Democratic Party has taken black Americans for granted.	1
On this one thing Donald Trump is right The Democratic Party has taken black Americans for granted .	On this one thing Donald Trump is right The Democratic Party has taken black Americans for granted	1
On this one thing Donald Trump is right The Democratic Party has taken black Americans for granted .	On One Thing Donald Trump Is Right The Democratic Party has taken Black Americans for granted.	1
On this one thing Donald Trump is right The Democratic Party has taken black Americans for granted .	On this one thing Donald Trump is right The Democratic Party has taken black Americans for granted.	1
On this one thing Donald Trump is right The Democratic Party has taken black Americans for granted .	Donald Trump is right on one thing. The Democratic Party has taken black Americans for granted.	1
Sex assault case dropped accuser withdraws lawsuit .	Sex assault case dropped the accuser withdraws lawsuit.	1
Sex assault case dropped accuser withdraws lawsuit .	Sex assault case dropped accuser withdraws lawsuit.	1
The race to 270 is over . Here are the latest 2016 election results .	The race to 270 is over and here are the latest election results from 2016.	1
The race to 270 is over . Here are the latest 2016 election results .	The race to 270 is over. Here are the latest 2016 election results.	1
The race to 270 is over . Here are the latest 2016 election results .	The race to 270 is over. Heres the latest 2016 election results.	1
The race to 270 is over . Here are the latest 2016 election results .	The Race to 270 Is Over. Here are the Latest Election Results 2016	1
The race to 270 is over . Here are the latest 2016 election results .	The race to 270 is over. Here are the latest election results from 2016.	1
The race to 270 is over . Here are the latest 2016 election results .	The Race to 270 Is Over. Heres the Latest 2016 Election Results	1
Grab a seat . This is a story about how a sandwich is not just a sandwich .	Grab a Seat. This Is a Story About How a Sandwich Is Not Just a Sandwich.	1
Grab a seat . This is a story about how a sandwich is not just a sandwich .	Grab a Seat. This is a Story About How a Sandwich Is Not Just a Sandwich	1
Dow futures briefly dive 750 points on election anxiety	Dow futures briefly dip 750 points on election anxiety	1
Dow futures briefly dive 750 points on election anxiety	Dow futures briefly plunge 750 points on election anxiety	1
Video uncovered of Trump socializing with mob figure he's denied knowing	Video uncovered of Trump socializing with mobster he denies knowing	1
Libertarian VP candidate Bill Weld on Comey letter If you don't know keep your mouth shut	Libertarian VP candidate Bill Weld on Comey letter " If you don't know keep your mouth shut	1
Libertarian VP candidate Bill Weld on Comey letter If you don't know keep your mouth shut	Libertarian VP candidate Bill Weld on Comey letter " If you don't know, keep your mouth shut	1
Libertarian VP candidate Bill Weld on Comey letter If you don't know keep your mouth shut	Libertarian VP candidate Bill Weld on Comey letter If you don't know, keep your mouth shut	1
Libertarian VP candidate Bill Weld on Comey letter If you don't know keep your mouth shut	Libertarian VP candidate Bill Weld on Comey letter if you don't know, keep your mouth shut.	1
Libertarian VP candidate Bill Weld on Comey letter If you don't know keep your mouth shut	Libertarian VP candidate Bill Weld on Comey letter If you don't know keep your mouth shut.	1
Libertarian VP candidate Bill Weld on Comey letter If you don't know keep your mouth shut	Libertarian VP candidate Bill Weld on Comey letter. If you don't know keep your mouth shut.	1
Libertarian VP candidate Bill Weld on Comey letter If you don't know keep your mouth shut	Libertarian VP candidate Bill Weld on Comey letter If you don't know, keep your mouth shut.	1
She took me apart like a toy watch said one lawyer who ran up against Hillary Clinton more than once	She took me apart like a toy watch " said one lawyer who ran up against Hillary Clinton more than once	1
She took me apart like a toy watch said one lawyer who ran up against Hillary Clinton more than once	She took me apart like a toy watch, said one lawyer who ran up against Hillary Clinton more than once	1
She took me apart like a toy watch said one lawyer who ran up against Hillary Clinton more than once	She took me apart like a toy watch says one lawyer who ran up against Hillary Clinton more than once	1
She took me apart like a toy watch said one lawyer who ran up against Hillary Clinton more than once	She took me apart like a toy watch, said one lawyer who ran up against Hillary Clinton more than once.	1
Donald Trump's path to 270 electoral votes is precarious but here's how he could do it	Trump's path to 270 electoral votes is precarious but here's how he could do it	1
Donald Trump's path to 270 electoral votes is precarious but here's how he could do it	Donald Trump's path to 270 electoral votes is precarious, but heres how he could do it!	1
Prince Harry attacked the " racial undertones " of press coverage of his new girlfriend , the actress Meghan Markle	Prince Harry attacked the'racial undertones'of press coverage of his new girlfriend The actress Meghan Markle	1
Why does education translate to less support for Donald Trump ? Readers weigh in .	Why Does Education Translate to Less Support for Donald Trump? Readers weigh in	1
Trump will be the next president of the United States	Donald Trump will become president of the United States	1
Trump will be the next president of the United States	Donald Trump is poised to become the next president of the United States	1
Black turnout soft in early voting , a bad sign for Hillary Clinton	Black voter turnout soft in early voting, a bad sign for Clinton	1
Black turnout soft in early voting , a bad sign for Hillary Clinton	Hillary Clinton's Black Turnout Soft in Early Voting, a Bad Sign for	1
Black turnout soft in early voting , a bad sign for Hillary Clinton	Black turnout soft in early voting, a bad sign for Hillary Clinton	1
Black turnout soft in early voting , a bad sign for Hillary Clinton	Black voter turnout soft in early voting, bad sign for Hillary Clinton	1
Black turnout soft in early voting , a bad sign for Hillary Clinton	Black Turnout Soft in Early Voting, Bad Sign for Hillary Clinton	1
Lawsuits , celebrities and Giuliani's crazy eyes . Slate's Election Day live-blog	Lawsuits, celebrities, and Giuliani's crazy eyes @Slate - Election Day Live-Blog	1
Trump lawyers file lawsuit over early voting in Nevada .	Trump and his lawyers file lawsuit over early voting in Nevada.	1
Trump lawyers file lawsuit over early voting in Nevada .	Trump lawyers file lawsuit over voting rights early in Nevada.	1
Trump lawyers file lawsuit over early voting in Nevada .	Trump lawyers file lawsuit over Early Voting in Nevada	1
Trump lawyers file lawsuit over early voting in Nevada .	Trump Lawyer Files Sue Over Early Voting in Nevada	1
Trump lawyers file lawsuit over early voting in Nevada .	A lawsuit has been filed by Trump lawyers over the election of early voting in Nevada.	1
Trump lawyers file lawsuit over early voting in Nevada .	Trump lawyers file lawsuit over early voting in Nevada	1
Trump lawyers file lawsuit over early voting in Nevada .	Trump and his attorneys filed a lawsuit over the use of early voting systems in Nevada	1
Trump lawyers file lawsuit over early voting in Nevada .	Trump's lawyers file lawsuit over early voting in Nevada.	1
Trump lawyers file lawsuit over early voting in Nevada .	Trump attorneys file lawsuit over early voting in Nevada	1
GoPro trading halted as company misses revenue expectations by 23%	GoPro's business has reportedly halted as the company misses its revenue expectations by 23%	1
GoPro trading halted as company misses revenue expectations by 23%	GoPro Trading Cancelled as Company Misses Revenue Expectations by 23%	1
GoPro trading halted as company misses revenue expectations by 23%	GoPro's trade in total halted as company misses revenue expectations 23%	1
GoPro trading halted as company misses revenue expectations by 23%	GoPro's trading halts as company misses revenue expectations by 23%	1
GoPro trading halted as company misses revenue expectations by 23%	GoPro trading halted as company misses revenue forecasts by 23%	1
The path to victory is right here in this map	Path to victory is right here in this map	1
Tomorrow's going to be a very historic day . I think it's going to be a Brexit plus plus plus .	Tomorrow will be a very historic day. I think it's going to be a Brexit plus plus plus.	1
Tomorrow's going to be a very historic day . I think it's going to be a Brexit plus plus plus .	Tomorrow's going to be a very historic day. I think it's going to be a Brexit plus plus plus.	1
Hillary Clinton to close the campaign by assembling political equivalent of ' The Avengers	Hillary Clinton to close campaign by assembling political equivalent of'The Avengers	1
The Arabs deserve their Vogue , and they've deserved it for a long , long time	The Arabs deserve their vogue, and they've deserved it for a long, long time	1
The Arabs deserve their Vogue , and they've deserved it for a long , long time	The Arabs deserve their Vogue, and they've deserved it for a long, long time	1
The Arabs deserve their Vogue , and they've deserved it for a long , long time	The Arabs deserve their Vogue. They deserved it for a long, long time.	1
The Arabs deserve their Vogue , and they've deserved it for a long , long time	The Arabs deserve a Vogue, and they've deserved it for a long, long time.	1
The Arabs deserve their Vogue , and they've deserved it for a long , long time	The Arabs deserve their Vogue, and they've deserved it for a long, long time.	1
The Arabs deserve their Vogue , and they've deserved it for a long , long time	The Arabs deserve their Vogue. They deserve it for a long, long time	1
Huma's email testimony could haunt her as FBI renews probe	Huma Huma's email testimony could haunt her as FBI renews probe	1
Huma's email testimony could haunt her as FBI renews probe	HUMADA'S email testimony could haunt her as FBI renews probe	1
Trump won by promising a resurgent white supremacy . sharp as ever last night .	Donald Trump won the election by promising a resurgent white supremacy. Sharp as ever last night.	1
Trump won by promising a resurgent white supremacy . sharp as ever last night .	Trump Wins by Proclaiming Resurgent White Supremacy. Sharp as Ever Last Night	1
Trump won by promising a resurgent white supremacy . sharp as ever last night .	Trump Wins by Proclaiming Resurgent White Supremacy. Sharp as Ever Last Night.	1
Trump on inner cities I say , honestly folks , what do you have to lose ? It's so bad now .	Trump on inner cities " frankly folks, what do you have to lose? It's so bad now.	1
Trump on inner cities I say , honestly folks , what do you have to lose ? It's so bad now .	Trump on Inner Cities I say, honestly folks, what do you have to lose? It's so bad now.	1
Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee , they would have beaten Donald Trump .	Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee, they would have beaten Donald Trump.	1
Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee , they would have beaten Donald Trump .	Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee, they would have overpowered Donald Trump.	1
Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee , they would have beaten Donald Trump .	Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee, they would have beat Trump.	1
Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee , they would have beaten Donald Trump .	If almost any other Democrat candidate had been the nominee, they would have beat Trump.	1
Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee , they would have beaten Donald Trump .	Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee, they would have beat Donald Trump.	1
Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee , they would have beaten Donald Trump .	Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee, they would have crushed Donald Trump.	1
Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee , they would have beaten Donald Trump .	Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee, they would have surpassed Donald Trump.	1
Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee , they would have beaten Donald Trump .	Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee, they would have beaten Trump.	1
Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee , they would have beaten Donald Trump .	Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee, they would have defeated Donald Trump.	1
Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee , they would have beaten Donald Trump .	Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee, they would have easily beat Donald Trump.	1
Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee , they would have beaten Donald Trump .	Had almost any other Democratic major candidate been the nominee, they would have been able to beat Donald Trump.	1
Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee , they would have beaten Donald Trump .	Had almost any other major Democratic nominee been the nominee, they would have beaten Donald Trump.	1
Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee , they would have beaten Donald Trump .	Had almost any other major Democratic candidate been the nominee, they would have been beat Donald Trump.	1
What's vanishing with Vine ? A home where black culture flourished .	What's vanishing with Vine? A home where black culture thrived.	1
There are many ways to map election results . The @UpshotNYT tried most of them .	There are many ways to map election results. The @upshotNYT tried most of them.	1
That pro-Trump propaganda in your feed ? It might be made in Macedonia	That Pro-Trump Propaganda in Your Feed? It Might Be Made in Macedonia.	1
That pro-Trump propaganda in your feed ? It might be made in Macedonia	Pro-Trump Propaganda in Your Feed? It Might Be Made in Macedonia	1
That pro-Trump propaganda in your feed ? It might be made in Macedonia	Pro-Trump propaganda in your feed? It might be made in Macedonia	1
That pro-Trump propaganda in your feed ? It might be made in Macedonia	Pro-Trump Spreading News in Your Feed? It Might Be Made in Macedonia	1
Trump campaign keeping list of people who did not support his White House run	Trump Campaign Keeps a List of People Who Did Not Support His White House Run.	1
There's one thing that Donald Trump , Hillary Clinton and voters all agreed on	There's one thing Donald Trump, Hillary Clinton and voters all agreed on	1
A court got the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	A court has given the Trump campaign a reason to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	1
A court got the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	A court has ordered the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	1
A court got the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	A court gets Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day.	1
A court got the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	A Court Has Gotten Trump Campaign to Promise Not to Intimidate Voters on Election Day	1
A court got the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	A court ordered the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day.	1
A court got the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	A court has got the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	1
A court got the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	A court gets the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	1
A court got the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	A Court Has Gotten the Trump Campaign to Promise Not to Intimidate Voters on Election Day	1
A court got the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	A judge has ordered the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	1
A court got the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	A court has gotten the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	1
A court got the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	A court ordered the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	1
A court got the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	A court has ordered the Trump campaign to pledge not to intimidate voters on Election Day	1
A court got the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day	A court has got the Trump campaign to promise not to intimidate voters on Election Day.	1
US Federal Reserve votes to keep key interest rates unchanged , waiting for further evidence before raising rates	U.S. Federal Reserve Committee votes to keep key interest rates unchanged, waiting for further evidence before raising rates	1
The Mannequin Challenge still fun , not yet ruined by adults	The Mannequin Challenge Is Still Fun, Not Yet Ruined by Adults	1
Paul Ryan on voting for Trump I already voted " for our nominee	Ryan on votes for Trump I already voted " for our nominee	1
Paul Ryan on voting for Trump I already voted " for our nominee	Ryan on vote for Trump I already voted for our nominee	1
Paul Ryan on voting for Trump I already voted " for our nominee	Paul Ryan on voting for Trump'I already voted'for our nominee	1
Minnesota's governor raised tax on the rich , increased minimum wage . Now state's economy is one of America's best .	Minnesotas Governor Raised the Tax on the Rich, Increased the Minimum Wage. Now State's Economy Is One of America's Best	1
Minnesota's governor raised tax on the rich , increased minimum wage . Now state's economy is one of America's best .	Minnesotas Governor Raised the Tax on the Rich, Increased the Minimum Wage. Now State's Economy Is One of Americas Best	1
Trump beats the media and the Establishment in pulling off the greatest upset ever	Trump beats media and the establishment in pulling off the biggest upset ever!	1
Trump beats the media and the Establishment in pulling off the greatest upset ever	Trump beats the media and establishment in pulling off the greatest upset ever	1
Trump beats the media and the Establishment in pulling off the greatest upset ever	Trump beats the media and the establishment in pulling off the greatest upset ever.	1
Guilt a ' Moot Point She Cannot Take the Oval Office	Guilt a'Moot Point She Cannot Take the Oval Office	1
Guilt a ' Moot Point She Cannot Take the Oval Office	Guilty a'Moot Point She Cannot Take the Oval Office	1
How Donald Trump exaggerated the size of many of his New York buildings	How Trump Exaggerated the Size of Many of His New York Buildings	1
How Donald Trump exaggerated the size of many of his New York buildings	How Trump exaggerated the size of many of his New York buildings	1
Standing Rock pipeline protest absent from Facebook Trends	Standing Rock pipeline protest is absent from facebook trends	1
Standing Rock pipeline protest absent from Facebook Trends	Standing Rock pipeline protest non-existent on Facebook Trends	1
Standing Rock pipeline protest absent from Facebook Trends	Standing Rock Pipeline Protest Absent From Facebook Trends.	1
The cure for fake journalism is an overwhelming dose of good journalism , @jimrutenberg writes	The cure for fake journalism is an overwhelming dose of good journalism @Jimrutenberg	1
The cure for fake journalism is an overwhelming dose of good journalism , @jimrutenberg writes	The cure for fake journalism is an overwhelming dose of good journalism, @jimrutenberg writes	1
The cure for fake journalism is an overwhelming dose of good journalism , @jimrutenberg writes	The cure for fake journalism is an overwhelming dose of good journalism, writes @jimrutenberg	1
The cure for fake journalism is an overwhelming dose of good journalism , @jimrutenberg writes	The cure for fake journalism is an overwhelming dose of good journalism, writes @Jimrutenberg	1
The cure for fake journalism is an overwhelming dose of good journalism , @jimrutenberg writes	The cure for fake journalism is an overwhelming dose of good journalism. @jimrutenberg writes	1
The cure for fake journalism is an overwhelming dose of good journalism , @jimrutenberg writes	The cure for fake journalism is an overwhelming dose of good journalism, @Jimrutenberg writes	1
The cure for fake journalism is an overwhelming dose of good journalism , @jimrutenberg writes	The cure for fake journalism is an overwhelming dose of good journalism. Here's what @Jimrutenberg wrote and says	1
From Brexit to Trump , " white anxiety has fueled this year's political tumult in the West , " says @amandataub	From Brexit to Trump, white anxiety has fueled this year's political tumult in the West, says @amandataub.	1
From Brexit to Trump , " white anxiety has fueled this year's political tumult in the West , " says @amandataub	From Brexit to Trump, white anxiety fueled this year's political tumult in the West, according to @Amandataub	1
From Brexit to Trump , " white anxiety has fueled this year's political tumult in the West , " says @amandataub	From Brexit to Trump, white anxiety has fueled this year's political tumult in the West, says @amandataub	1
From Brexit to Trump , " white anxiety has fueled this year's political tumult in the West , " says @amandataub	From Brexit to Trump, white anxiety has fueled this year's political tumult in the West, @Amandataub writes	1
Donald Trump tweets for the first time as president-elect	Trump tweets for first time as president-elect	1
Donald Trump tweets for the first time as president-elect	Trump tweets as president-elect for the first time	1
The next US president faces a world of trouble	The next US president is set to face a world of trouble	1
The next US president faces a world of trouble	The next US president has a world of trouble	1
Long list lines , closed polling places , voters purged from the rolls	Long list lines, close polling places, voters purged from the rolls	1
Long list lines , closed polling places , voters purged from the rolls	Long list lines, closed polling places, voters purged from the rolls	1
Long list lines , closed polling places , voters purged from the rolls	Long List Lines, Closed Polling Places, Voters Purged From the Rolls	1
Long list lines , closed polling places , voters purged from the rolls	Long list lines, closed polling places, voters purged from the rolls.	1
It is increasingly unlikely that Huma Abedin's emails will be reviewed by Election Day , FBI officials said	It is increasingly unlikely that Huma Abedin's emails will be reviewed by Election Day, FBI officials said	1
It is increasingly unlikely that Huma Abedin's emails will be reviewed by Election Day , FBI officials said	It is increasingly unlikely that Huma Abedin's emails will be reviewed by Election Day, according to the FBI.	1
It is increasingly unlikely that Huma Abedin's emails will be reviewed by Election Day , FBI officials said	It Is increasingly unlikely that Huma Abedin's emails will be reviewed by Election Day, FBI officials said	1
It is increasingly unlikely that Huma Abedin's emails will be reviewed by Election Day , FBI officials said	It is increasingly unlikely that Huma Abedin's emails will be reviewed by Election Day, FBI officials say	1
It is increasingly unlikely that Huma Abedin's emails will be reviewed by Election Day , FBI officials said	It is increasingly unlikely that Huma Abedin's emails will be reviewed by Election Day, FBI officials said.	1
The majority of Trump supporters surveyed described black people as " less evolved	Majority of #Trump supporters surveyed described black people as less-evolved	1
The majority of Trump supporters surveyed described black people as " less evolved	The majority of Trump supporters surveyed described black people as "less evolved".	1
The majority of Trump supporters surveyed described black people as " less evolved	The majority of Trump supporters who surveyed black people described them as less developed.	1
The majority of Trump supporters surveyed described black people as " less evolved	Majority of Trump supporters who surveyed criticized Black people as less-evolved	1
The majority of Trump supporters surveyed described black people as " less evolved	Most Trump supporters surveyed described black people as less evolved '.	1
The majority of Trump supporters surveyed described black people as " less evolved	The majority of Trump supporters surveyed described black people as less evolved	1
While you weren't looking , Donald Trump released a plan to privatize America's roads	While You Weren't Looking, Donald Trump Released a Plan to Privatize Americas Roads	1
While you weren't looking , Donald Trump released a plan to privatize America's roads	While You Weren't Looking, Donald Trump Released a Plan to Privatize America's Public Roads	1
The FBI's investigations into alleged Trump-Russia ties have yielded little	FBI investigation into Trump-Russia ties yield little	1
Kids explain how banned and challenged books helped them and even saved their lives	Kids explain how banned and challenged books saved their lives, and even saved	1
Kids explain how banned and challenged books helped them and even saved their lives	Kids explain how banned and challenged books helped them, and even saved their lives	1
Kids explain how banned and challenged books helped them and even saved their lives	Kids explain how banned and challenged books saved lives and even saved their lives	1
to trick-or-treater dressed as him Man , I'm not that gray	to trick-or-treater dressed as him Man, I'm not that grey. p	1
to trick-or-treater dressed as him Man , I'm not that gray	to trick-or-treater dressed as him Man, I'm not that gray.	1
to trick-or-treater dressed as him Man , I'm not that gray	To trick-or-treater dressed as him Man, I'm not that gray	1
to trick-or-treater dressed as him Man , I'm not that gray	to trick-or-treater dressed as him Man, I'm not that gray	1
to trick-or-treater dressed as him Man , I'm not that gray	to trick-or-treater dressed as him Man I'm not that gray	1
to trick-or-treater dressed as him Man , I'm not that gray	To Trick-or-Treater Dressed as Him Man, I'm not that grey	1
Americans Blame Obesity on Willpower , Despite Evidence Its Genetic	Americans Blame Obesity on Willpower, Despite Evidence Its Genetic	1
Americans Blame Obesity on Willpower , Despite Evidence Its Genetic	These Americans Blame Obesity on Willpower, Despite Evidence Its Genetic	1
How LinkedIn Drove a Wedge Between Microsoft and Salesforce	How LinkedIn Drove a Wedge Between Salesforce and Microsoft 's	1
How LinkedIn Drove a Wedge Between Microsoft and Salesforce	how LinkedIn Drove a Wedge Between Microsoft and Salesforce.	1
Mazel tov cocktails are what I reward myself with after a long hard day of controlling the media .	Mazel Tov Cocktails are what I reward myself with after a long day of controlling the media.	1
Mazel tov cocktails are what I reward myself with after a long hard day of controlling the media .	Mazel Tov cocktails are what I reward myself with, after a long hard day of controlling the media	1
Mazel tov cocktails are what I reward myself with after a long hard day of controlling the media .	Mazel tov cocktails are what I reward myself with after a long day of controlling the media	1
Mazel tov cocktails are what I reward myself with after a long hard day of controlling the media .	Mazel tov cocktails are what I reward myself with after a long hard day of controlling the media.	1
Mazel tov cocktails are what I reward myself with after a long hard day of controlling the media .	Mazel tov cocktails are what I reward myself with after a long hard day of controlling the media	1
That basket full of deplorables is more diverse than people want to believe	This Basket Full of Deplorables Is More Diverse Than People Think	1
That basket full of deplorables is more diverse than people want to believe	A Basket Full of Deplorables Is More Diverse Than People Think	1
That basket full of deplorables is more diverse than people want to believe	A basket full of deplorables is more diverse than people want to believe.	1
Our words and actions are a reflection of who we are as a nation and what we want our children to emulate	Our words and actions reflect who we are as a nation and what we want to emulate our children.	1
Our words and actions are a reflection of who we are as a nation and what we want our children to emulate	Our words and actions reflect who we are as a nation and what we want our children to emulate.	1
Some Florida parents plan to arm themselves while going trick-or-treating over clown concerns	Some Florida parents plan to arm themselves while trick-or-treating over clown concerns	1
Some Florida parents plan to arm themselves while going trick-or-treating over clown concerns	Some Florida parents plan to arm themselves while trick-or-treating over clown fears.	1
Pussy grabbing is a " serious issue " and other wise insights from a wise colleauge .	Pussy grabbing is a " serious issue " and other wise insights from a wise colleauge.	1
Pussy grabbing is a " serious issue " and other wise insights from a wise colleauge .	Pussy grabbing is a'serious issue'and other wise insights from a wise colleauge.	1
Pussy grabbing is a " serious issue " and other wise insights from a wise colleauge .	Pussy-grabbing is a'serious issue'and other wise insights from a wise colleauge.	1
Pussy grabbing is a " serious issue " and other wise insights from a wise colleauge .	Pussy grabs is a " serious issue " and other wise insights from a wise colleauge.	1
Pussy grabbing is a " serious issue " and other wise insights from a wise colleauge .	Pussy grabbing is a'serious'issue and other wise insights from a wise colleauge.	1
Our culture has gotten too mean and too rough Melania Trump said at a campaign rally	My Culture Has Gotten Too Mean and Too Rough Melania Trump Says at Campaign Rally	1
Our culture has gotten too mean and too rough Melania Trump said at a campaign rally	Our culture has gotten too mean and too rough, says Melania Trump at Campaign Rally	1
What a Donald Trump presidency means for the Supreme Court	What the Trump Presidency Means for the Supreme Court	1
Dubai's airport has been closed three times this year because of unauthorized drones . Now it's fighting back	Dubai's airport has been closed three times this year because of unauthorized drones. Now it's fighting back	1
Dubai's airport has been closed three times this year because of unauthorized drones . Now it's fighting back	Dubai's airport has been closed three times this year because of unauthorized drones. Now it's fighting back.	1
Dubai's airport has been closed three times this year because of unauthorized drones . Now it's fighting back	Dubai's airport has been closed three times this year due to unauthorized drones. Now it's fighting back.	1
Dubai's airport has been closed three times this year because of unauthorized drones . Now it's fighting back	Dubai airport has been closed three times this year because of unauthorized drones. Now Dubai airport is fighting back	1
Dubai's airport has been closed three times this year because of unauthorized drones . Now it's fighting back	Dubai's airport closed three times this year because of unauthorized drones. Now it's fighting back!	1
Dubai's airport has been closed three times this year because of unauthorized drones . Now it's fighting back	Dubai's airport has been closed three times this year because of unauthorized drones. Now it's fighting back!	1
How Donald Trump reshaped the election map	How Trump Reshaped the Election Map	1
How Donald Trump reshaped the election map	How Donald Trump Shaped the Election Map	1
New York area has the U . s 3 worst airports , a study says	New York Area Has the U.S. 3 Worst Airports, Study Says	1
New York area has the U . s 3 worst airports , a study says	New York Area Has the Nations 3 Worst Airports, Study Says	1
New York area has the U . s 3 worst airports , a study says	New York Area Has the U.S. 3 Worst Airports, Study Says.	1
Trump is appealing a court order against voter intimidation . Let that sink in .	Trump is appealing a court order against voter intimidation. Let that sink in.	1
Trump is appealing a court order against voter intimidation . Let that sink in .	Trump is appealing a court order against voting intimidation. Let that sink in.	1
1/ Some holy shit details in here .	1/ Some holy shit details in here.	1
1/ Some holy shit details in here .	1/ Some holy shit details here.	1
1/ Some holy shit details in here .	1/ Here are some holy shit details.	1
1/ Some holy shit details in here .	1/ Some holy shit details are here.	1
1/ Some holy shit details in here .	1/ Some holy shit details are in here.	1
Rudolph Giuliani , Chris Christie and Newt Gingrich are among candidates for Trump's cabinet and staff , aides said	Giuliani, Christie, and Newt Gingrich are among candidates for Trump's Cabinet and Staff, aides say	1
Rudolph Giuliani , Chris Christie and Newt Gingrich are among candidates for Trump's cabinet and staff , aides said	Rudolph Giuliani, Christie, and Newt Gingrich among candidates for Trump's Cabinet and Staff, aides said.	1
When you have unbridled access , what happens when policies change ?	When you have unrestricted access, what happens when policies change?	1
When you have unbridled access , what happens when policies change ?	When you have unlimited access, what happens when policies change?	1
When you have unbridled access , what happens when policies change ?	When you have unbridled access, what happens when policies change?	1
The key to Trumps more disciplined campaign ? He no longer controls his twitter account	The key to Trumps more disciplined campaign? He no longer controls his twitter account	1
What kind of jobs are in demand in Silicon Valley ? Full series of " The Down Round " here	What kinds of jobs are in demand in Silicon Valley? Full series of'The Down Round	1
What kind of jobs are in demand in Silicon Valley ? Full series of " The Down Round " here	What kind of jobs are in demand in Silicon Valley? Full series of " The Down Round " here	1
What kind of jobs are in demand in Silicon Valley ? Full series of " The Down Round " here	What kind of jobs are in demand in Silicon Valley? The full series of'The Down Round'is here	1
What kind of jobs are in demand in Silicon Valley ? Full series of " The Down Round " here	What type of jobs are in demand in Silicon Valley? Full series of " The Down Round	1
Colonial Pipeline spokesperson 1 fatality , 5 injuries confirmed after Shelby County , Ala	A Colonial Pipeline spokesperson confirmed 1 fatality, 5 injuries after Shelby County, Ala.	1
This time , there really is a Hispanic voter surge	This time, there really is a Hispanic voter surge	1
This time , there really is a Hispanic voter surge	This is a real Hispanic voter surge this time	1
This time , there really is a Hispanic voter surge	There really is a Hispanic voter surge this time.	1
This time , there really is a Hispanic voter surge	This time it really is Hispanic voter surge	1
This time , there really is a Hispanic voter surge	There really is a Hispanic voter surge this time around	1
This time , there really is a Hispanic voter surge	This Time, It Really Is a Hispanic Voter Surge	1
Mobile internet use passes desktop for the first time , study finds	Mobile Internet Use Passes Desktop for First Time, Research Finds	1
Mobile internet use passes desktop for the first time , study finds	Mobile internet usage passes desktop for the first time, new study finds	1
Mobile internet use passes desktop for the first time , study finds	Mobile internet usage passes desktop for the first time, study finds	1
Mobile internet use passes desktop for the first time , study finds	Mobile internet use passes desktop for first time, study finds	1
Mobile internet use passes desktop for the first time , study finds	Mobile internet use passes desktop for the first time, study finds	1
Chelsea Manning Tried Committing Suicide a Second Time in October reports Charlie Savage at NYT .	Chelsea Manning Tried Committing Suicide a Second Time in October, Charlie Savage reports via NYT	1
Chelsea Manning Tried Committing Suicide a Second Time in October reports Charlie Savage at NYT .	Chelsea Manning tried second time to commit suicide in October, reports Charlie Savage in the NYT.	1
Get ready for a VERY fast recap of the US election	Get ready for a REAL quick recap of the US election	1
Get ready for a VERY fast recap of the US election	Get ready for a very quick recap of the US election.	1
Get ready for a VERY fast recap of the US election	Get ready for a SUPER fast recap of the US election	1
Get ready for a VERY fast recap of the US election	Get ready for a VERY fast recap of the U.S. election	1
A look at demographic breakdowns from the exit polls	A look at demographic breakdowns from exit polls	1
A look at demographic breakdowns from the exit polls	A look at the demographic breakdowns from exit polls	1
China's new cybersecurity law is bad news for business	Chinas new cybersecurity law is bad news for business	1
China's new cybersecurity law is bad news for business	Chinas new cybersecurity law is bad news for businesses.	1
China's new cybersecurity law is bad news for business	China's new cyber security law is bad news for businesses	1
If Trump wins , a sickening number of people are going to lose their health insurance .	If Trump wins, a sickening number of people will lose their health insurance.	1
If Trump wins , a sickening number of people are going to lose their health insurance .	If Trump wins, a Sickening Number of People Will Lose Their Health Insurance.	1
If Trump wins , a sickening number of people are going to lose their health insurance .	If Trump wins, sickening numbers of people will lose their health insurance	1
If Trump wins , a sickening number of people are going to lose their health insurance .	If Trump wins, a Sickening Number of People Will Lose Their Health Insurance	1
If Trump wins , a sickening number of people are going to lose their health insurance .	A sickening number of people are going to lose their health insurance if Trump wins.	1
If Trump wins , a sickening number of people are going to lose their health insurance .	If Trump wins, a Sickening Number of Americans Will Lose Their Health Insurance	1
Vaping is far less dangerous than smoking , a fact that is rarely pointed out to Americans	Vaping is far less harmful than smoking, a fact that is rarely pointed out to Americans.	1
Vaping is far less dangerous than smoking , a fact that is rarely pointed out to Americans	Vaping is less dangerous than smoking, and not very often noted to Americans.	1
Obama on 2016 election We have to remember that we're actually all on one team .	Obama on 2016 election: We have to remember that we're actually all on one team.	1
Leia , Rey and now Jyn Erso are the best known , but theyre hardly alone . A look at indomitable women of " Star Wars .	The best known of all are Leia, Rey and now Jyn Erso, but theyre not alone. A look at the indomitable women of Star Wars.	1
How Wynton Marsalis composed his new violin concerto transatlantically	How Wynton Marsalis composed his new violin concerto transatlanticly	1
How Wynton Marsalis composed his new violin concerto transatlantically	How Wynton Marsalis Composed His New Violin Concerto Transatlanticly	1
Toronto Star compiles list of almost 500 Trump lies during the campaign	Toronto Star compiles list of almost 500 Trump lies during campaign	1
Toronto Star compiles list of almost 500 Trump lies during the campaign	Toronto Star compiles list of nearly 500 Trump lies during campaign	1
Toronto Star compiles list of almost 500 Trump lies during the campaign	Toronto Star compiles list of nearly 500 Trump lies during campaign.	1
Toronto Star compiles list of almost 500 Trump lies during the campaign	Toronto Star compiles list of almost 500 Trump lies during campaign.	1
Toronto Star compiles list of almost 500 Trump lies during the campaign	The Toronto Star compiles a list of almost 500 Trump lies during the campaign.	1
Toronto Star compiles list of almost 500 Trump lies during the campaign	The Toronto Star compiles list of almost 500 Trump lies during campaign.	1
Texas Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller called Hillary Clinton the c-word on Twitter	Texas Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller called Hillary Clinton the c-word on Twitter.	1
Texas Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller called Hillary Clinton the c-word on Twitter	Texas Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller has called Hillary Clinton the c-word on Twitter.	1
Texas Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller called Hillary Clinton the c-word on Twitter	Texas Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller calls Hillary Clinton the c-word on Twitter	1
Texas Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller called Hillary Clinton the c-word on Twitter	Texas Agriculture Commissioner Sid Miller calls Hillary Clinton the c-word on Twitter.	1
You go from this moonscape of war-destroyed buildings to a street of buses , open shops	You Go From a Moonscape of War-Destroyed Buildings to a Street of Buses, Open Shops	1
I spent hours with Omar Mateen's wife . Here is what she said .	I spent hours with Omar Mateen's wife. Here is what she said.	1
I spent hours with Omar Mateen's wife . Here is what she said .	I spent hours with Omar Mateens wife. Here is what she said.	1
CDC identifies first US cases of drug-resistant fungal infection	CDC confirms first US cases of drug-resistant fungal infection	1
CDC identifies first US cases of drug-resistant fungal infection	CDC reports first US cases of drug-resistant fungal infection	1
CDC identifies first US cases of drug-resistant fungal infection	The CDC has identified first US cases of drug-resistant fungal infection	1
CDC identifies first US cases of drug-resistant fungal infection	CDC identifies first US cases of drug-resistant fungal infection.	1
Huh , a suggestion of violent retaliation outside the law . Where did that come from ?	Quite simply, Huh, a suggestion of violent retaliation outside the law. Where did that come from?	1
Huh , a suggestion of violent retaliation outside the law . Where did that come from ?	HUH, a suggestion of violent retaliation outside the law. Where did that come from?	1
Huh , a suggestion of violent retaliation outside the law . Where did that come from ?	Huh, a suggestion of violent retaliation outside the law. Where did that come from?	1
Volkswagen parts ways with the historian who chronicled its Nazi past	Volkswagen Parts Ways With Historian Who Chronicled Nazi Past	1
One thing is clear the F.B.I. director destroyed his own reputation , writes @paulkrugman	One thing is clear F.B.I. director destroyed his own reputation, writes @PaulKrugman	1
One thing is clear the F.B.I. director destroyed his own reputation , writes @paulkrugman	one thing is clear, F.B.I director destroyed his own reputation, @paulkrugman says	1
While Beyonc performed , Hillary Clintons words from 24 years ago appeared on a screen above the stage	While Beyonc performed, Hillary Clintons words appeared 24 years ago on a screen above the stage.	1
While Beyonc performed , Hillary Clintons words from 24 years ago appeared on a screen above the stage	while Beyonc performed, Hillary Clintons words from 24 years ago appeared on screen above the stage	1
While Beyonc performed , Hillary Clintons words from 24 years ago appeared on a screen above the stage	While Beyonc performed, Hillary Clintons words from 24 years ago appeared on a screen above the stage	1
While Beyonc performed , Hillary Clintons words from 24 years ago appeared on a screen above the stage	While Beyonc performed, Hillary Clintons words from 24 years ago appeared on a screen above the stage.	1
Students at Harvard grappled with the revelations of the men's soccer team's lewd " scouting report .	Students at Harvard grappled with revelations of the men's soccer team's'lewd'Scouting report.	1
Students at Harvard grappled with the revelations of the men's soccer team's lewd " scouting report .	Students at Harvard grappled with the revelations of the men's soccer team's lewd'Scouting Report '.	1
Trump , handed the political gift of the century , goes back to praising Vladimir Putin .	Trump, given the political gift of the century, goes back to praising Putin	1
Early voting data suggests Clinton lags in North Carolina compared to in 2012	Early voting data suggests Clinton lags in North Carolina compared to 2012	1
Early voting data suggests Clinton lags in North Carolina compared to in 2012	Early voting data suggests Clinton lags in North Carolina compared to 2012.	1
Live 2016 election results , as they come in	2016 Election Results Live as They Come In	1
Live 2016 election results , as they come in	2016 Election Results, as They Come In	1
Donate to EFF . Defend the future of freedom . We need it now more than ever .	Donate to EFF and defend the future of freedom We need it now more than ever	1
Donate to EFF . Defend the future of freedom . We need it now more than ever .	Donate to EFF. Protect the future of freedom. We need it now more than ever.	1
Donate to EFF . Defend the future of freedom . We need it now more than ever .	Donate to EFF. We Need It Now More Than Ever. Defend the Future of Freedom	1
Donate to EFF . Defend the future of freedom . We need it now more than ever .	Donating to EFF. Defend the future of freedom. We need it now more than ever.	1
Donate to EFF . Defend the future of freedom . We need it now more than ever .	Donate to EFF Defend the Future of Freedom. We Need It More Than Ever	1
There are important lessons to learn and crucial questions to ask	There are important lessons to learn and crucial questions to ask.	1
There are important lessons to learn and crucial questions to ask	There are important lessons to learn and crucial questions to ask, of course.	1
Beware , iPhone Users Fake Retail Apps Are Surging Before Holidays	Beware, iPhone users fake retail apps are surging before holidays.	1
Beware , iPhone Users Fake Retail Apps Are Surging Before Holidays	Beware, iPhone Users Fake Retail Apps Are Surging Before Holidays	1
Would you let an algorithm choose the next US president ?	Would you let an algorithm choose the next US president?	1
Would you let an algorithm choose the next US president ?	Would you let an algorithm choose the next U.S. president?	1
Would you let an algorithm choose the next US president ?	Would you let the algorithm choose the next US president?	1
It may be especially painful to James Comey that some are comparing him to J .	It may be particularly painful for James Comey that some are comparing him to J.	1
It may be especially painful to James Comey that some are comparing him to J .	It may be especially painful for James Comey that some are comparing him to J.	1
We have loaded a gun and put it in the hands of a lunatic .	We have loaded a gun and put it in the hands of a lunatic.	1
We have loaded a gun and put it in the hands of a lunatic .	We have loaded a gun and placed it in the hands of a lunatic.	1
We have loaded a gun and put it in the hands of a lunatic .	We loaded a gun and put it in the hands of a lunatic.	1
We underestimated as Americans how deep our hatred was of the other	We underestimated as Americans how deep our hatred of the other was	1
We underestimated as Americans how deep our hatred was of the other	We underestimated as Americans how deeply our hatred of the other was.	1
As of June , Bill Clinton still had a locker at Donald Trump's golf club , @MaureenDowd writes	In June Bill Clinton still had a locker at Trump's golf club, @MaureenDowd writes	1
More detail on who voted for Donald #Trump . Based on exit polling so treat with caution	More detailed on who voted for Donald #Trump. Based on exit polling so treat with caution	1
More detail on who voted for Donald #Trump . Based on exit polling so treat with caution	More detail on who voted for Trump Donald Trump Based on exit polling so treat with caution	1
This path that this country has taken has never been a straight line . We zig and zag .	This path this country has taken has never been a straight line. We zig and zag.	1
This path that this country has taken has never been a straight line . We zig and zag .	This path that this country has taken has never been a straight line. We zig and zag.	1
This path that this country has taken has never been a straight line . We zig and zag .	This path this country has taken has never been a straight line: We zig and zag!	1
This path that this country has taken has never been a straight line . We zig and zag .	This path this country has taken has never been a straight line. We zigzag.	1
This path that this country has taken has never been a straight line . We zig and zag .	What this country has chosen has never been a straight line. We zig and zag.	1
This path that this country has taken has never been a straight line . We zig and zag .	This path that this country has taken has never been a straight line : We zig and zag.	1
Jury finds reporter , Rolling Stone responsible for defaming U-Va . dean with gang rape story	Jury finds Rolling Stone reporter responsible for defaming U-Va. Dean in gang rape story	1
Jury finds reporter , Rolling Stone responsible for defaming U-Va . dean with gang rape story	Jury Finds Rolling Stone, Reporter Responsible for Defaming U-Va Dean with Gang Rape Story	1
Jury finds reporter , Rolling Stone responsible for defaming U-Va . dean with gang rape story	Jury finds Rolling Stone reporter responsible for defaming U-Va. Dean's gang rape story	1
UK government must consult Parliament before triggering Article 50 to leave EU , High Court rules	The UK government must consult Parliament before triggering Article 50 to leave the EU, High Court rules.	1
UK government must consult Parliament before triggering Article 50 to leave EU , High Court rules	The UK government must consult Parliament before triggering Article 50 to leave the EU, a High Court Rules	1
UK government must consult Parliament before triggering Article 50 to leave EU , High Court rules	UK government must consult Parliament before triggering Article 50 to leave the EU, High Court rules	1
UK government must consult Parliament before triggering Article 50 to leave EU , High Court rules	UK Government Must Consult Parliament Before Triggering Article 50 to Leave EU High Court Rules	1
UK government must consult Parliament before triggering Article 50 to leave EU , High Court rules	UK must consult Parliament before triggering Article 50 to Leave EU High Court rules	1
UK government must consult Parliament before triggering Article 50 to leave EU , High Court rules	UK Government Must Consult Parliament Before Triggering Article 50 to Leave EU, High Court Rules	1
UK government must consult Parliament before triggering Article 50 to leave EU , High Court rules	The UK government must consult Parliament before triggering Article 50 to leave the EU, the High Court rules.	1
UK government must consult Parliament before triggering Article 50 to leave EU , High Court rules	The UK must consult Parliament before triggering Article 50 to leave the EU, the High Court rules.	1
Why Tesla's new solar roof tiles and home battery are such a big deal	Why Teslas New Solar Roof Tiles and Home Battery Are such a Big Deal	1
Why Tesla's new solar roof tiles and home battery are such a big deal	Why Teslas New Solar Roof Tiles and Home Battery Are Such a Big Deal	1
Hong Kong elected 2 separatists to its legislature . China took drastic action .	Hong Kong elected 2 Separatists to its Legislative. China took drastic action.	1
Hong Kong elected 2 separatists to its legislature . China took drastic action .	Hong Kong elected 2 Separatists to its legislature. China took drastic action.	1
Hong Kong elected 2 separatists to its legislature . China took drastic action .	Hong Kong elected 2 Separatists to its Legislative Assembly and China took drastic action.	1
Hong Kong elected 2 separatists to its legislature . China took drastic action .	Hong Kong elected 2 Separatists to its Legislature. China took drastic action	1
Hong Kong elected 2 separatists to its legislature . China took drastic action .	Hong Kong elected 2 Separatists into its Parliament, and China took drastic action	1
Hong Kong elected 2 separatists to its legislature . China took drastic action .	Hong Kong elected 2 Separatists to its Parliament. China took drastic action.	1
Hong Kong elected 2 separatists to its legislature . China took drastic action .	Hong Kong elected 2 Separatists to its Legislature. China took drastic action.	1
Hong Kong elected 2 separatists to its legislature . China took drastic action .	Hong Kong elected 2 Separatists to its legislature, and China took drastic action.	1
Hong Kong elected 2 separatists to its legislature . China took drastic action .	Hong Kong Elects 2 Separatists to its Legislative Body, China Takes Dramatic Action	1
Hong Kong elected 2 separatists to its legislature . China took drastic action .	Hong Kong elected 2 Separatists to its Legislative Assembly, and China took drastic action	1
Hong Kong elected 2 separatists to its legislature . China took drastic action .	Hong Kong elected 2 Separatists to its legislature, China took drastic action	1
The Iowa police officers killed while sitting in their cars had no chance to defend themselves , officials said	Iowa police officers killed by sitting in their cars had no chance to defend themselves, officials said.	1
A polling location in Azusa , California , is currently on lockdown after a shooting happened nearby	Polling station in Azusa, California, is currently on lockdown after shooting nearby	1
A polling location in Azusa , California , is currently on lockdown after a shooting happened nearby	A polling station in Azusa, California, is currently on lockdown after a shooting happened nearby.	1
It is inspiring to see a political party just share so openly this experience of losing its mind .	It is inspiring to see a political party share this experience of losing its mind so openly.	1
It is inspiring to see a political party just share so openly this experience of losing its mind .	It is inspiring to see a political party so openly share this experience of losing its mind.	1
It is inspiring to see a political party just share so openly this experience of losing its mind .	It's inspiring to see a political party share this experience of losing its mind so openly.	1
It is inspiring to see a political party just share so openly this experience of losing its mind .	It is inspiring to see a political party share such openly this experience of losing its mind.	1
It is inspiring to see a political party just share so openly this experience of losing its mind .	It is inspiring to see a political party share so openly this experience of losing its mind.	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide, just a point higher than in 2012	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide, just 1 point higher than in 2012.	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanics made up 11% of all voters nationwide, just 1 percentage point higher than in 2012	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic voters accounted for 11% of voters nationwide, just 1 percentage point higher than in 2012	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic Voters Made Up 11% of All Americans, Just 1 Point Higher Than in 2012	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide, just 1 point higher than in 2012	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic voters made up 11% of nationwide voters, just 1 point higher than in 2012	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide, a 1 percentage point higher than in 2012	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic voters accounted for 11% of the nationwide electors, just 1 percentage point higher than in 2012	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide, just 1 percentage point higher than in 2012	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanics made up 11% of voters nationwide, just 1 point higher than in 2012	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic voters made up 11% of the voters nationwide, just 1 point higher than in 2012	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic Voters Made Up 11% of Across the United States, Just 1 Point Higher Than in 2012	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic Voters Made Up 11% of Voters Nationwide, Just 1 Point Higher Than in 2012	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic voters accounted for 11% of the voters nationwide, just 1 point higher than in 2012	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic voters made up 11% of the vote nationwide, just 1 percentage point higher than in 2012	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic voters made up 11% of the voters nationwide, just 1 percentage point higher than in 2012	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic voters, just 1 point higher than in 2012, made up 11% of Hispanic voters nationwide.	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic voters, just 1 point higher than in 2012, made up 11% of voters nationwide.	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic voters, a 1 percentage point higher than in 2012, made up 11% of the voters nationwide.	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic voters, just 1 point higher than in 2012, made up 11% of all voters nationwide	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic Voters Made Up 11% of Americans, Just 1 Point Higher Than in 2012	1
Hispanic voters made up 11% of voters nationwide , just 1 point higher than in 2012	Hispanic voters accounted for 11% of voters nationwide, just 1 point higher than in 2012	1
Damn I hate it when something I thought was special to me suddenly goes mainstream	Damn I hate it when something I thought was special to me suddenly goes mainstream.	1
Damn I hate it when something I thought was special to me suddenly goes mainstream	I hate it when something I thought was special to me suddenly goes mainstream.	1
Damn I hate it when something I thought was special to me suddenly goes mainstream	Damn I hate it when something I thought was special to me suddenly goes mainstream. I just hate it!	1
Damn I hate it when something I thought was special to me suddenly goes mainstream	I hate it when something I thought was special to me suddenly goes mainstream	1
Damn I hate it when something I thought was special to me suddenly goes mainstream	Totally hate it when something I thought was special to me suddenly goes mainstream	1
BleachBit selling ' cloth or something in homage to Clinton	BleachBit selling'cloth or something'in homage to Clinton	1
BleachBit selling ' cloth or something in homage to Clinton	BleachBit sells "cloth or something" in homage to Clinton	1
BleachBit selling ' cloth or something in homage to Clinton	BleachBit selling 'cloth or something in homage to'Clinton.	1
Coming soon to a theater near you Election night coverage	Election Night Coverage Coming Soon to a Theater Near You	1
The fact that Trump would even try to stretch the law to save paying taxes tells us something says one analyst	The fact that Trump would even try to stretch the law to save paying taxes says something analyst says	1
The Cubs end 108 years of heartbreak	The Cubs end their 108-year history of heartache	1
The Cubs end 108 years of heartbreak	The Cubs end 108 years of heartache.	1
The Cubs end 108 years of heartbreak	Cubs End 108 Years of Heartbreak	1
The Cubs end 108 years of heartbreak	Cubs end 108 years of heartbreak	1
North Carolina county requests voting hours extension after glitch	North Carolina county requests voting hour extension after glitch	1
North Carolina county requests voting hours extension after glitch	A North Carolina county asks for voting hours extension after glitch	1
North Carolina county requests voting hours extension after glitch	North Carolina county requests to extend voting hours after glitch	1
If youre a fan of baseball , this is the best outcome that you could possibly hope for in a World Series	If you're a fan of baseball, this is the best outcome you could possibly hope for in a World Series.	1
If youre a fan of baseball , this is the best outcome that you could possibly hope for in a World Series	If you're a fan of baseball, this is the best outcome that you could possibly hope for in a World Series.	1
If youre a fan of baseball , this is the best outcome that you could possibly hope for in a World Series	If you are a fan of baseball, this is the best outcome that you could possibly hope for in a World Series.	1
Russian President Putin backs plan to banish Microsoft from government offices , state firms	Putin backs plan to ban Microsoft from government offices, state firms	1
Russian President Putin backs plan to banish Microsoft from government offices , state firms	Russian President Putin backs plan to ban Microsoft from government offices, state firms	1
Russian President Putin backs plan to banish Microsoft from government offices , state firms	President Vladimir Putin backs plan to ban Microsoft from government offices, state firms	1
Russian President Putin backs plan to banish Microsoft from government offices , state firms	Putin Backs Plan to Ban Microsoft From Government Offices, State Firms in Russia	1
Russian President Putin backs plan to banish Microsoft from government offices , state firms	Putin backs plan to ban Microsoft from Government offices, state firms	1
Russian President Putin backs plan to banish Microsoft from government offices , state firms	Russia's Vladimir Putin backs plan to ban Microsoft from government offices, state firms	1
Russian President Putin backs plan to banish Microsoft from government offices , state firms	Russian President Vladimir Putin backs plan to ban Microsoft from government offices, state firms	1
In World Series Game 7 , the Cubs did not so much beat the Indians as survive them	In Game 7 of the World Series, the Cubs Did Not So Much Beat the Indians as Survive Them	1
In World Series Game 7 , the Cubs did not so much beat the Indians as survive them	In Game 7 of the World Series, the Cubs did not beat the Indians as much as survived them.	1
In World Series Game 7 , the Cubs did not so much beat the Indians as survive them	In Game 7 of the World Series, the Cubs did not so much beat the Indians as survive them	1
In World Series Game 7 , the Cubs did not so much beat the Indians as survive them	In Game 7 of the World Series, the Cubs did not beat the Indians as much as they did survive them.	1
In World Series Game 7 , the Cubs did not so much beat the Indians as survive them	In the World Series Game 7, the Cubs did not so much beat the Indians as survived them.	1
In World Series Game 7 , the Cubs did not so much beat the Indians as survive them	In World Series Game 7, the Cubs did not so much beat the Indians as survived them	1
In World Series Game 7 , the Cubs did not so much beat the Indians as survive them	In Game 7 of the World Series, the Cubs Did Not Beat the Indians as Much as Survive Them	1
In World Series Game 7 , the Cubs did not so much beat the Indians as survive them	In Game 7 of the World Series, the Cubs did not beat the Indians as much as survive them.	1
On Election Day , our turnout projections will tell you whos leading before the polls close	On Election Day, Our Turnout Projections Will Tell You Whos Leading before the Polls Close	1
On Election Day , our turnout projections will tell you whos leading before the polls close	On Election Day, Our Turnout Projections Will Tell You Whos Leading Before the Polls Close	1
On Election Day , our turnout projections will tell you whos leading before the polls close	On Election Day, our turnout projections will tell you whos leading before the polls close	1
On Election Day , our turnout projections will tell you whos leading before the polls close	On Election Day, our turnout projections will tell you whos leading before the polls close.	1
On Election Day , our turnout projections will tell you whos leading before the polls close	Election Day, our Turnout Forecasts Will Tell You Whos Leading Before the Polls Close	1
Before you step out for Halloween in your sexy Harambe costume , consult our handy chart	Before you step out for Halloween in your sexy Harambe costume, consult our handy chart below	1
Before you step out for Halloween in your sexy Harambe costume , consult our handy chart	Before you step out for Halloween in your sexy Harambe costume, consult our handy chart here	1
Before you step out for Halloween in your sexy Harambe costume , consult our handy chart	Before you step out for Halloween with your sexy Harambe costume, consult our handy chart below	1
Before you step out for Halloween in your sexy Harambe costume , consult our handy chart	Before you step out for Halloween with your sexy Harambe costume, check out our handy chart below	1
Before you step out for Halloween in your sexy Harambe costume , consult our handy chart	Before you step out for Halloween in your sexy Harambe costume, consult this handy chart before you head out	1
Before you step out for Halloween in your sexy Harambe costume , consult our handy chart	Before you step out for Halloween in your sexy Harambe costume, consult our handy chart for	1
Natalie Babbitt , the author of " Tuck Everlasting " told of an immortal family , has died at 84	Natalie Babbitt, author of'Tuck Everlasting'tells of an immortal family, dead at 84	1
Natalie Babbitt , the author of " Tuck Everlasting " told of an immortal family , has died at 84	Natalie Babbitt, author of " Tuck Everlasting " told of an immortal family, dead at 84.	1
Facebook threatens LinkedIn with job opening features	Facebook is a threat to LinkedIn with job opening features.	1
Don't even THINK about taking a selfie when you vote in these states	Don't even think about taking a selfie before voting in these states	1
Don't even THINK about taking a selfie when you vote in these states	Don't even think about taking a selfie when voting in these states	1
Don't even THINK about taking a selfie when you vote in these states	Don't even think about taking a selfie while voting in these states.	1
Trump is on the ballot , and were talking about emails . What the hell are we doing ?	Trump Is on the Ballot, and Were Talking About Emails. What the Hell Are We Doing?	1
Trump is on the ballot , and were talking about emails . What the hell are we doing ?	Donald Trump Is on the Ballot, and Were Talking About Emails. What the Hell Are We Doing?	1
Trump is on the ballot , and were talking about emails . What the hell are we doing ?	Trump is on the ballot, and we were talking about emails. What the hell are we doing?	1
Trump is on the ballot , and were talking about emails . What the hell are we doing ?	What the Hell Are We Doing? Trump is on the ballot and we were talking about emails.	1
Will there be another end-of-the-week surprise in the U.S. presidential race ?	Will There Be Another End-of-Week Surprise in the U.S. Presidential Race?	1
Will there be another end-of-the-week surprise in the U.S. presidential race ?	Will there be another " end-of-the-week surprise in the U.S. presidential race?	1
Trump has " almost certainly " lost Nevada amid surge of Latino votes in key states .	Trump has " almost certainly " lost Nevada amid surge of Latino votes in key states	1
Trump has " almost certainly " lost Nevada amid surge of Latino votes in key states .	Trump Has "Almost Certainly " Lost Nevada, as Latino Turnout Surges in Key States	1
Trump has " almost certainly " lost Nevada amid surge of Latino votes in key states .	Donald Trump has'almost certainly'lost Nevada amid surge of Latino votes in key states	1
99 percent chance foreign agencies breached Clinton server , sources say	99 percent chance foreign agencies breached Clinton server, source says	1
99 percent chance foreign agencies breached Clinton server , sources say	99 percent chance foreign agencies breached Clinton server, sources say	1
99 percent chance foreign agencies breached Clinton server , sources say	99 percent chance foreign operatives breached Clinton server, sources say	1
This is the moment where America stands up for our best selves .	This is the moment where America stands for our best selves.	1
This is the moment where America stands up for our best selves .	This is the moment where America stands up for our best selves.	1
This is the moment where America stands up for our best selves .	This is the moment in America where it stands up for our best selves.	1
California and Massachusetts have legalized recreational marijuana use , reflecting national shift in attitudes	California and Massachusetts legalize recreational marijuana, reflecting nation's changing attitudes on marijuana	1
California and Massachusetts have legalized recreational marijuana use , reflecting national shift in attitudes	California and Massachusetts legalized recreational use of marijuana, reflecting national shift in attitudes	1
California and Massachusetts have legalized recreational marijuana use , reflecting national shift in attitudes	California and Massachusetts legalized recreational marijuana, reflecting national shift in attitudes	1
California and Massachusetts have legalized recreational marijuana use , reflecting national shift in attitudes	California and Massachusetts legalize recreational marijuana, reflecting national shift in attitudes	1
Vine founders ' Hype app blends live video into a rich multimedia mix	Vine founders' Hype app blends live video into a rich multimedia mix	1
NYC unveils possible routes for streetcar in Brooklyn and Queens	New York Unveils Possible Routes for Streetcar in Brooklyn, Queens	1
Amazon rolls out Rapids , a chat style reading app for kids	Amazon rolls out Rapids, a chat style reading app for kids.	1
Amazon rolls out Rapids , a chat style reading app for kids	Amazon rolls out Rapids, a chat-style reading app for kids	1
Trump will speak soon at his victory party .	President-Elect Donald Trump will speak soon at his victory party.	1
What's populism really about ? shares his view	What Is Populism Really About? shares his view	1
North Carolina is using " insane " Jim Crow-style voter suppression .	North Carolina is using a " insane " Jim Crow-style voter suppression program.	1
North Carolina is using " insane " Jim Crow-style voter suppression .	North Carolina is using an insane " Jim Crow-style voter suppression.	1
North Carolina is using " insane " Jim Crow-style voter suppression .	North Carolina is using " insane " Jim Crow-style voter suppression.	1
North Carolina is using " insane " Jim Crow-style voter suppression .	North Carolina is using'insane'Jim Crow-style voter suppression.	1
North Carolina is using " insane " Jim Crow-style voter suppression .	North Carolina Is Using'Insane'Jim Crow Style Voter Suppression.	1
I congratulated Hillary Clinton " on a very , very hard-fought campaign	I congratulate Hillary Clinton " on a very, very hard-fought campaign.	1
Hillary Clinton's challenge Make Donald Trump unacceptable again	Hillary Clintons challenge makes Trump unacceptable again	1
Hillary Clinton's challenge Make Donald Trump unacceptable again	Hillary Clintons challenge Make Donald Trump unacceptable again.	1
FBI Director Comey has to go .	FBI Director Comey must go	1
FBI Director Comey has to go .	FBI Director Comey is to go.	1
FBI Director Comey has to go .	FBI director Comey must leave	1
FBI Director Comey has to go .	FBI Director John Comey Must Go	1
Podesta should have emailed about this .	Podesta should have emailed about this.	1
Podesta should have emailed about this .	Podesta Podesta should have emailed about this	1
This man saved 70 people from ISIS snipers by driving them to safety in his bulletproof BMW	Man saved 70 people from ISIS snipers by driving them to safety in his bulletproof BMW.	1
This man saved 70 people from ISIS snipers by driving them to safety in his bulletproof BMW	The driver who saved 70 people from ISIS snipers by driving them to safety in his bulletproof BMW	1
This man saved 70 people from ISIS snipers by driving them to safety in his bulletproof BMW	Man saves 70 people from ISIS snipers by driving them to safety in his bulletproof BMW	1
This man saved 70 people from ISIS snipers by driving them to safety in his bulletproof BMW	This guy saved 70 people from ISIS snipers by driving them to safety in his bulletproof BMW.	1
This man saved 70 people from ISIS snipers by driving them to safety in his bulletproof BMW	This man saved 70 people from ISIS snipers by driving them to safety in his bulletproof BMW.	1
Better red than dead ? That might explain why fall foliage gets so fiery .	Better red than dead, explain why fall foliage is so fiery.	1
Better red than dead ? That might explain why fall foliage gets so fiery .	Better red than dead. That might explain why fall foliage gets so fiery.	1
Better red than dead ? That might explain why fall foliage gets so fiery .	Better red than dead? That might explain why fall foliage gets so fiery.	1
The world's shortest international commercial flight is just 8 minutes long	The world's shortest international commercial flight is only 8 minutes long.	1
There are playlists for birthing . How about a playlist for dying ?	There are playlists for birthing. How about a playlist for dying?	1
There are playlists for birthing . How about a playlist for dying ?	Playlists for Birthing. How about a playlist for Dying?	1
There are playlists for birthing . How about a playlist for dying ?	There are playlists for birthing, but how about a playlist for dying?	1
Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway , but they have a particular dislike for Trump .	Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway, but they have a particular dislike for Trump.	1
Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway , but they have a particular dislike for Trump .	Well educated whites tend to be liberal anyway, but they have a particular dislike for Donald Trump.	1
Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway , but they have a particular dislike for Trump .	Whites who are highly educated tend to be liberal anyway, but have a particular dislike for Trump.	1
Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway , but they have a particular dislike for Trump .	These highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway, but they have particular dislike for Trump.	1
Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway , but they have a particular dislike for Trump .	High-educated whites tend to be liberal anyway, but have a particular dislike for Trump.	1
Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway , but they have a particular dislike for Trump .	Well educated whites tend to be liberal anyway, but they have particular dislike for Trump.	1
Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway , but they have a particular dislike for Trump .	Anyway, Highly educated whites tend to be liberal, but they have a particular dislike for Trump.	1
Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway , but they have a particular dislike for Trump .	High-Educated Whites tend to be liberal anyway, but they have a particular dislike for Trump.	1
Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway , but they have a particular dislike for Trump .	Obviously, highly educated whites tend to be liberal, but they have a particular dislike for Trump.	1
Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway , but they have a particular dislike for Trump .	Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway, but have a particular dislike for Trump.	1
Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway , but they have a particular dislike for Trump .	Well educated whites tend to be liberal anyway, but they have a particular dislike for Trump.	1
Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway , but they have a particular dislike for Trump .	Well educated whites tend to be liberal anyway, but have a particular dislike for Trump.	1
Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway , but they have a particular dislike for Trump .	Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway, but they have a particular dislike for Donald Trump.	1
Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway , but they have a particular dislike for Trump .	Well educated whites tend to be liberal anyway, but have a particular dislike for Donald Trump.	1
Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway , but they have a particular dislike for Trump .	Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway, but have a particular dislike for Donald Trump.	1
Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway , but they have a particular dislike for Trump .	White, Highly Educated, Tend to Be Liberal Anyway, but They Have a Particular Dislike for Trump.	1
Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway , but they have a particular dislike for Trump .	White, highly educated people tend to be liberal anyway, but have a particular dislike for Trump.	1
Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway , but they have a particular dislike for Trump .	Well-educated whites tend to be liberal anyway, but they have a particular dislike for Trump.	1
Highly educated whites tend to be liberal anyway , but they have a particular dislike for Trump .	Well-Educated whites tend to be liberal anyway, but they have a particular dislike for Trump.	1
This program lets thousands of undocumented immigrants visit Mexico , which they left as kids . It could be canceled .	The program allows thousands of undocumented immigrants to visit Mexico, which they left as kids. But if it gets canceled, it could.	1
Facebook Messenger is testing " Instant Games " from developers like King	Facebook Messenger is testing " Instant Games " by developers like King	1
CNN's Zucker must come clean on Brazile probe	CNN's Mark Zucker needs to come clean on Brazile probe	1
Eric Trump may have broken law with ballot tweet .	Eric Trump may have broken the law by tweeting a ballot.	1
Eric Trump may have broken law with ballot tweet .	Eric Trump may have broken the law with a ballot tweet	1
Eric Trump may have broken law with ballot tweet .	Eric Trump may have broken the law with his ballot tweet	1
Eric Trump may have broken law with ballot tweet .	Eric Trump may have broken a law by tweeting a ballot.	1
This is a story of love lost over social media .	This is a story of love lost over social media.	1
This is a story of love lost over social media .	This is a story of lost love over social media.	1
This is a story of love lost over social media .	This is a story of lost love lost over social media	1
An intriguing , totally not recommended method for clearing your earwax	An intriguing, Totally Not Recommended Method for Clearing Your Earwax	1
An intriguing , totally not recommended method for clearing your earwax	An intriguing, totally not recommended method for clearing your earwax.	1
An intriguing , totally not recommended method for clearing your earwax	An intriguing, definitely not recommended method for clearing your earwax	1
An intriguing , totally not recommended method for clearing your earwax	An interesting, Totally Not Recommended Method for Eliminating Your Earwax	1
An intriguing , totally not recommended method for clearing your earwax	An intriguing, totally not recommended method for clearing your earwax	1
An intriguing , totally not recommended method for clearing your earwax	An intriguing, not recommended method for clearing your earwax	1
An intriguing , totally not recommended method for clearing your earwax	An intriguing, totally not recommended method for clearing earwax.	1
An intriguing , totally not recommended method for clearing your earwax	An intriguing, totally not recommended method for clearing your earwax!	1
New Delhi is the most polluted city on Earth right now	New Delhi is the most polluted city on the planet right now	1
New Delhi is the most polluted city on Earth right now	New Delhi is the most polluted city on Earth right now.	1
New Delhi is the most polluted city on Earth right now	New Delhi is the most polluted city on Earth right now!	1
New Delhi is the most polluted city on Earth right now	New Delhi is the most polluted city on the planet right now.	1
New Delhi is the most polluted city on Earth right now	New Delhi is the most polluted city on Earth.	1
New Delhi is the most polluted city on Earth right now	New Delhi is the most polluted city on earth right now.	1
New Delhi is the most polluted city on Earth right now	New Delhi Is the Most Polluted City on Earth Right Now.	1
Donald Trump was rushed offstage by security guards at a rally in Reno . He returned a few moments later	Donald Trump was rushed offstage by security guards at a rally in Reno, and returned a few moments later.	1
Donald Trump was rushed offstage by security guards at a rally in Reno . He returned a few moments later	Trump was rushed offstage by security guards at a rally in Reno and returned a few moments later.	1
Donald Trump was rushed offstage by security guards at a rally in Reno . He returned a few moments later	Trump was rushed offstage by security guards at a rally in Reno and then returned a few moments later	1
The Candy Hierarchy , 2016 edition A definitive list of #Halloween's best and worst treats	The candy hierarchy for 2016, a definitive list of #Halloween's best and worst treats.	1
The Candy Hierarchy , 2016 edition A definitive list of #Halloween's best and worst treats	The Candy Hierarchy, 2016 Edition A definitive list of #Halloween's best and worst treats.	1
The Candy Hierarchy , 2016 edition A definitive list of #Halloween's best and worst treats	The Candy Hierarchy, 2016 Edition A definitive list of #Halloween's best and worst treats	1
The Candy Hierarchy , 2016 edition A definitive list of #Halloween's best and worst treats	The Candy Hierarchy for 2016 Edition A definitive list of Halloween's best and worst treats	1
The Candy Hierarchy , 2016 edition A definitive list of #Halloween's best and worst treats	The Candy Hierarchy of 2016 edition: A definitive list of #Halloween's best and worst treats	1
The Candy Hierarchy , 2016 edition A definitive list of #Halloween's best and worst treats	The Candy Hierarchy of 2016 A definitive list of #Halloween's best and worst treats	1
The Candy Hierarchy , 2016 edition A definitive list of #Halloween's best and worst treats	The Candy Hierarchy, 2016 Edition A definitive list of Halloween's best and worst treats	1
The Candy Hierarchy , 2016 edition A definitive list of #Halloween's best and worst treats	Candy Hierarchy, 2016 Edition A definitive list of #Halloween's best and worst treats	1
The Candy Hierarchy , 2016 edition A definitive list of #Halloween's best and worst treats	The Candy Hierarchy for 2016 -- A definitive list of #Halloween's best and worst treats	1
North Carolina could be the state on which the 2016 presidential race hangs	North Carolina may be the state where the 2016 presidential race hangs	1
For centuries , no one looked inside until last week	For centuries, no one looked inside until last week.	1
For centuries , no one looked inside until last week	For centuries, no one looked inside until last week	1
For centuries , no one looked inside until last week	For centuries, no one looked inside, until last week	1
Justice Department to North Carolina stop purging black voters from the rolls .	Justice Department to North Carolina: Stop Purging Black Voters From the Rolls	1
Justice Department to North Carolina stop purging black voters from the rolls .	Justice Department to North Carolina Should Stop Purging Black Voters From the Rolls	1
Justice Department to North Carolina stop purging black voters from the rolls .	Justice Department to North Carolina Stop Purging Black Voters From the Rolls	1
Donald Trump wins Alaska , CBS News projects	Trump wins Alaska, CBS News projects	1
Donald Trump wins Alaska , CBS News projects	Donald Trump Wins Alaska, CBS News Projects	1
Donald Trump wins Alaska , CBS News projects	Donald Trump wins Alaska via CBS News	1
Donald Trump wins Alaska , CBS News projects	Donald Trump wins Alaska, CBS News projects	1
Donald Trump wins Alaska , CBS News projects	Trump Wins Alaska, CBS News Projects	1
Tesla acquires Grohmann engineering to boost production	Tesla Acquisition Acquires Grohmann Engineering to Enhance Production	1
Tesla acquires Grohmann engineering to boost production	Tesla acquires Grohmann engineering to boost Production p	1
FBI gets warrant to review emails found on laptop of Huma Abedin in Hillary Clinton email controversy	FBI Obtains Warrant to Review Emails Found on Laptop of Huma Abedin Hillary Clinton Email Controversy	1
FBI gets warrant to review emails found on laptop of Huma Abedin in Hillary Clinton email controversy	FBI Obtains Warrant to Review Emails Found On Laptop of Huma Abedin in Clinton Email Controversy	1
This was a whitelash against a changing country	This is a whitelash against a changing country.	1
Many churches in Zimbabwe now accept tithes by debit cards , cellphone payments or wire transfers	Many churches in Zimbabwe now accept tithes by debit cards, cellphone payments or wire transfers	1
Many churches in Zimbabwe now accept tithes by debit cards , cellphone payments or wire transfers	Many churches in Zimbabwe now accept tithes by debit cards, cellphone payments or wire	1
Many churches in Zimbabwe now accept tithes by debit cards , cellphone payments or wire transfers	Many churches in Zimbabwe now accept tithes via debit cards, cellphone payments or wire transfers	1
Many churches in Zimbabwe now accept tithes by debit cards , cellphone payments or wire transfers	Many churches in Zimbabwe now accept tithes by debit cards, cell phone payments or wire transfers.	1
Many churches in Zimbabwe now accept tithes by debit cards , cellphone payments or wire transfers	Many churches in Zimbabwe now accept tithes by debit cards, cellphone payments or wires	1
Many churches in Zimbabwe now accept tithes by debit cards , cellphone payments or wire transfers	Now many churches in Zimbabwe accept tithes by debit cards, cell phone payments or wire transfers.	1
Man behind Trump security scare says was beaten for holding anti-Trump sign	Man behind Trump security scare says he was beat for holding anti-Trump sign	1
Man behind Trump security scare says was beaten for holding anti-Trump sign	Man Behind Trump Security Scare Says He Was Beaten for Holding Anti-Trump Sign	1
Man behind Trump security scare says was beaten for holding anti-Trump sign	Man behind Trump security scare says he was beaten for holding anti-Trump sign.	1
Man behind Trump security scare says was beaten for holding anti-Trump sign	Man behind Trump security scare says he was beat for holding anti-Trump sign.	1
Man behind Trump security scare says was beaten for holding anti-Trump sign	Man Behind Trump Security Scare Says He Was Beaten for Holding Anti-Trump Sign.	1
Man behind Trump security scare says was beaten for holding anti-Trump sign	Man behind Trump security scare says he was beaten for holding anti-Trump sign	1
Rep. Adam Schiff Im not sure " what James Comey can say to clean up the mess he has made	Rep. Adam Schiff Im not sure what James Comey can say to clean up the mess he's made	1
Rep. Adam Schiff Im not sure " what James Comey can say to clean up the mess he has made	Rep. Adam Schiff Im Not Sure What James Comey Can Say to Clean Up The Mess He Has Made	1
Rep. Adam Schiff Im not sure " what James Comey can say to clean up the mess he has made	Rep. Adam Schiff Is Not Sure What James Comey Can Say To Clean Up The Mess He's Made	1
Rep. Adam Schiff Im not sure " what James Comey can say to clean up the mess he has made	Rep. Adam Schiff Im Not Sure What James Comey Can Say to Clean Up the Mess He's Made	1
Rep. Adam Schiff Im not sure " what James Comey can say to clean up the mess he has made	Rep. Adam Schiff Is Not Sure What James Comey Can Say to Clean Up the Mess he's Made	1
If Hillary Clinton Moves to Oval Office , Aides Baggage May Be Heavy	If Hillary Clinton Moves to Oval Office, Aides Baggage May Be Heavy	1
AP POLL ALERT Duke runaway No . 1 in preseason AP Top 25 mens hoops poll ; Kentucky is No .	AP POLL ALERT Duke Runaway No. 1 in Preseason AP Top 25 Mens Basketball Poll ; Kentucky No.	1
Early voting data in 3 key states show a spike in Latino turnout	Early voting data in 3 key states show spike in Latino turnout	1
National Enquirer paid $150G for Trump affair story , then quashed it	National Enquirer paid $150G for Trump affair story, then quashed it.	1
National Enquirer paid $150G for Trump affair story , then quashed it	National Enquirer pays $150G for Trump affair story, then cancels it	1
Tesla unveils its solar roof and Powerwall 2	Tesla unveiled its solar roof and Powerwall 2	1
Tesla unveils its solar roof and Powerwall 2	Tesla Unveiled Its Solar Roof and Powerwall 2	1
Donald Trump's extremist supporters feel like winners either way	Trump's extremist supporters feel like winners either way.	1
Donald Trump's extremist supporters feel like winners either way	Trump's extremist supporters feel like winners either way	1
Donald Trump's extremist supporters feel like winners either way	Donald Trumps extremist supporters feel like winners either way	1
Donald Trump's extremist supporters feel like winners either way	Donald Trumps Extremist Supporters Feel Like Winners Any Way!	1
Mexico has a " contingency plan " if Donald Trump wins the US presidential election	Mexico has a'contingency plan'if Trump wins the US election	1
The idea that we can solve problems by building physical barriers is a persistent human fantasy .	The idea that we can solve problems by building physical barriers is a persistent human fantasy.	1
California has the nations strictest gun laws . An initiative may push those laws even further .	California has the nations strictest gun laws. An initiative could push those laws even further.	1
California has the nations strictest gun laws . An initiative may push those laws even further .	California has the nations strictest gun laws, and an initiative may push those laws even further	1
Bryan Cranston is the latest celebrity who vows to leave the U.S. if #DonaldTrump wins	Bryan Cranston is the latest celebrity who vows to leave the US if #DonaldTrump wins	1
The real problem with power posing ? It assumes alpha male confidence is worth mimicking	The real problem with power posing? It assumes alpha male confidence is worth mimicking.	1
The real problem with power posing ? It assumes alpha male confidence is worth mimicking	The real problem with power posing is that it assumes Alpha male confidence is worth imitating.	1
The real problem with power posing ? It assumes alpha male confidence is worth mimicking	The Real Problem With Power Posing: It Presumes Alpha Male Confidence Is Worth Imitating	1
The real problem with power posing ? It assumes alpha male confidence is worth mimicking	the real problem with power posing? It assumes alpha male confidence is worth mimicking	1
Hacked email appears to show DOJ official tipping Clinton campaign about review	The Hacked Email Shows DOJ Official Tipping Clinton Campaign About Review	1
Hacked email appears to show DOJ official tipping Clinton campaign about review	hacked email appears to show DOJ official tipping Clinton campaign over review	1
Hacked email appears to show DOJ official tipping Clinton campaign about review	Hacked email appears to show DOJ official tipping Clinton campaign about review.	1
Hacked email appears to show DOJ official tipping Clinton campaign about review	Hacked Email Shows DOJ Official Tipping Clinton Campaign About Review	1
Hard-line Islamists marched in Jakarta , demanding that the Christian governor be jailed .	Hard-line islamists march in Jakarta demanding Christian Governor be jailed.	1
CNN severed ties with the Democratic strategist Donna Brazile	CNN cut ties with Donna Brazile, the Democratic strategist	1
Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouts of " Gun !	Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouts of 'gun!	1
Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouts of " Gun !	Trump hustled offstage during rally in Nevada, after shouting " Gun!	1
Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouts of " Gun !	trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouting'Gun!	1
Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouts of " Gun !	Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouting of'gun!	1
Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouts of " Gun !	Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after chants of'Gun! '.	1
Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouts of " Gun !	Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouting'Gun!	1
Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouts of " Gun !	Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally following shouts of'Gun!	1
Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouts of " Gun !	Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after screams of " Gun!	1
Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouts of " Gun !	Trump hustled offstage in Nevada rally after shouts of 'Gun! ''	1
Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouts of " Gun !	Trump hustled offstage during rally in Nevada after shouting'Gun!	1
Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouts of " Gun !	Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouting " Gun!	1
Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouts of " Gun !	Donald Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouting " gun!	1
Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouts of " Gun !	Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouts of'Gun!	1
Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouts of " Gun !	Donald Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouting'Gun!	1
Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouts of " Gun !	Trump hustled offstage at Nevada rally after shouting'gun!	1
New poll alert ! Trump leading in Arizona and Texas , but deadlocked in Georgia	New poll! Trump leading in both Texas and Arizona, but deadlocked in Georgia	1
New poll alert ! Trump leading in Arizona and Texas , but deadlocked in Georgia	New poll alert! Trump leading in Arizona, Texas, but deadlocked in GA.	1
Obama to crowd in New Hampshire The fate of our democracy depends on what you do .	Obama to Crowd in New Hampshire The fate of our democracy depends on what you do.	1
Gannett abandoned its bid for Tronc , the media company that owns The Los Angeles Times and The Chicago Tribune	Gannett abandons bid for Tronc, the media company that owns the Chicago Tribune and the Los Angeles Times	1
Gannett abandoned its bid for Tronc , the media company that owns The Los Angeles Times and The Chicago Tribune	Gannett Abandoned Its Effort to Buy Tronc, the Media Company Owning the Chicago Tribune and The Los Angeles Times	1
Gannett abandoned its bid for Tronc , the media company that owns The Los Angeles Times and The Chicago Tribune	Gannett Abandons Its Bid for Tronc, the Media Company That Owns The Los Angeles Times and The Chicago Tribune	1
Trump leads Clinton by 1 point among likely voters , according to latest ABC News/Washington Post survey	The latest ABC News/Washington Post poll shows Trump leads Clinton by a point among likely voters.	1
Trump leads Clinton by 1 point among likely voters , according to latest ABC News/Washington Post survey	Donald Trump leads Hillary Clinton by 1 point among likely voters, according to latest ABC News/Washington Post poll	1
Trump leads Clinton by 1 point among likely voters , according to latest ABC News/Washington Post survey	Trump leads Clinton by 1 point among likely voters, according to latest ABC News/Washington Post poll	1
Trump leads Clinton by 1 point among likely voters , according to latest ABC News/Washington Post survey	Trump leads Clinton by 1 point among likely voters According to latest ABC News/Washington Post poll	1
Trump leads Clinton by 1 point among likely voters , according to latest ABC News/Washington Post survey	Trump leads Clinton by 1 point among likely voters according to latest ABC News/Washington Post survey	1
Trump leads Clinton by 1 point among likely voters , according to latest ABC News/Washington Post survey	Trump leads Clinton by 1 point among likely voters, according to latest ABC News/Washington Post survey	1
Trump leads Clinton by 1 point among likely voters , according to latest ABC News/Washington Post survey	Trump leads Clinton by 1 point among likely voters according to latest ABC News/Washington Post poll	1
Leading the Mosul attack , under fire then trapped	Leading the Mosul attack, under fire, then trapped.	1
President Obama pledged to help Donald Trump in his transition , saying " we are all rooting for his success	President Obama pledged to help Donald Trump in his transition, saying " we are all rooting for his success.	1
President Obama pledged to help Donald Trump in his transition , saying " we are all rooting for his success	Obama pledged to help President Trump in his transition by saying'We are all rooting for his success	1
President Obama pledged to help Donald Trump in his transition , saying " we are all rooting for his success	Obama Pledges to Help Trump in Transition, Saying: 'We Are All Rooting for His Success	1
President Obama pledged to help Donald Trump in his transition , saying " we are all rooting for his success	Obama pledged to help Trump in his transition, stating: "We are all rooting for his success."	1
President Obama pledged to help Donald Trump in his transition , saying " we are all rooting for his success	Obama pledged to help Trump in transition, saying'we are all rooting for his success	1
President Obama pledged to help Donald Trump in his transition , saying " we are all rooting for his success	Obama pledged to help Trump in his transition, saying " we are all rooting for his success ".	1
Harvard mens soccer team is sidelined for vulgar " scouting report	Harvard Mens Soccer Team Is Sidelined For Vulgar Scouting Report	1
Harvard mens soccer team is sidelined for vulgar " scouting report	Harvard mens soccer team is sidelined for vulgar'scouting report	1
Harvard mens soccer team is sidelined for vulgar " scouting report	Harvard Mens Soccer Team Is Sidelined for Vulgar Scout Report	1
ABC News staged crime-scene shot with police tape , photograph shows	ABC News staged crime-scene shot with police tape, photograph shows	1
ABC News staged crime-scene shot with police tape , photograph shows	ABC News staged crime scene shot with police tape, photograph shows!	1
ABC News staged crime-scene shot with police tape , photograph shows	ABC News staged crime scene shot with police tape, photo shows	1
ABC News staged crime-scene shot with police tape , photograph shows	ABC News staged crime-scene shot with cop tape, photograph shows	1
Would you pay $100 for a whiff of Welsh air ?	Would you pay $100 for a whiff of Welsh air?	1
Would you pay $100 for a whiff of Welsh air ?	Would you pay $100 for a whiff of " Welsh Air?	1
Would you pay $100 for a whiff of Welsh air ?	Would you pay $100 for a whiff of air in Wales?	1
What did they call this ? A Jack in the Box taco ? Oh , come on , no you didn't .	What did they call this? A Jack in the Box taco? Oh Come On, No You Didn't	1
What did they call this ? A Jack in the Box taco ? Oh , come on , no you didn't .	What Did They Call This? A Jack in the Box taco. Oh Come on, No You Didnt.	1
What did they call this ? A Jack in the Box taco ? Oh , come on , no you didn't .	What Did They Call This? A Jack in the Box taco? Oh Come On, No You Didnt.	1
VoleCaster early vote estimate Clinton leads in Florida .	VoleCastr Early Vote Estimates Clinton Leads in Florida	1
VoleCaster early vote estimate Clinton leads in Florida .	VoleCastr Early Vote Estimate Clinton Leads in Florida	1
Jon Stewart rips Donald Trump Dude , you live in a tower with your name on it in gold	Jon Stewart Rips Donald Trump Dude, You Live in a Tower With Your Name On It in Gold	1
Jon Stewart rips Donald Trump Dude , you live in a tower with your name on it in gold	Jon Stewart rips Donald Trump Dude, you live in a tower with your name on it in gold	1
Jon Stewart rips Donald Trump Dude , you live in a tower with your name on it in gold	Jon Stewart Rips Donald Trump Dude, You Live in a Tower With Your Name on It In Gold	1
Beyonc's backup dancers even wore blue pantsuits , la Hillary Clinton	DJ Beyonc and his backup dancers even wore blue pantsuits, la Hillary Clinton	1
Beyonc's backup dancers even wore blue pantsuits , la Hillary Clinton	Beyonc backup dancers even wore blue pantsuits, la Hillary Clinton.	1
Beyonc's backup dancers even wore blue pantsuits , la Hillary Clinton	Beyonc's backup dancers even wore blue pantsuits la Hillary Clinton!	1
Beyonc's backup dancers even wore blue pantsuits , la Hillary Clinton	Beyonc's backup dancers even wore blue pantsuits, la Hillary Clinton	1
Donald Trump is in a billing dispute with one of his own campaign aides	Donald Trump Is in a Billing Debate With One of His Own Campaign Aides	1
It really is unacceptable and insane that Trump got away with not releasing his taxes .	It really is unacceptable and insane that Trump got away with not releasing his taxes.	1
It really is unacceptable and insane that Trump got away with not releasing his taxes .	It really is unacceptable and insane that Trump got away with not releasing his taxes	1
It really is unacceptable and insane that Trump got away with not releasing his taxes .	It Really Is Unacceptable and Insane That Trump Got Away With Not Releasing His Tax Returns	1
Kellyanne Conway on Donald Trump staying on message He's doing it perfectly	Kellyanne Conway on Donald Trump staying on message He's doing it perfectly.	1
Kellyanne Conway on Donald Trump staying on message He's doing it perfectly	Kellyanne Conway on Trump staying on message he's doing it perfectly	1
Kellyanne Conway on Donald Trump staying on message He's doing it perfectly	Kellyanne Conway on Trump staying on message He's doing it perfectly	1
Kellyanne Conway on Donald Trump staying on message He's doing it perfectly	Kellyanne Conway on Donald Trump staying on message He's doing it perfectly. Obviously he's doing it perfectly.	1
London fintech startup Soldo launches multi-user spending account for families	Soldo, London's Fintech Startup, launches Multi-User Spending Account for Families	1
We are all becoming dumber by the minute . This has got to stop	We are all getting dumber by the minute. This must stop.	1
We are all becoming dumber by the minute . This has got to stop	We Are All Decrepiter by the Minute. This Has Gotten to Stop.	1
We are all becoming dumber by the minute . This has got to stop	We are all getting dumber by the minute. This has to stop.	1
He left America 13 years ago . Before the iPhone . He returned in August . Here's what he found	He left America 13 years ago. Before the iPhone. He returned in August. Heres What He Found	1
He left America 13 years ago . Before the iPhone . He returned in August . Here's what he found	He left America 13 years ago. Before the iPhone. He returned in August. Here's what he found	1
He left America 13 years ago . Before the iPhone . He returned in August . Here's what he found	He left America 13 years ago. Before the iPhone. He returned in August. Here's what he found.	1
Finally , at long last , someone hacked Amazon's Alexa into one of those singing fish	Eventually, at long last, someone hacked Amazon's Alexa into one of those singing fish	1
Finally , at long last , someone hacked Amazon's Alexa into one of those singing fish	Eventually, at long last, someone hacked Amazons Alexa into one of those singing fish	1
Finally , at long last , someone hacked Amazon's Alexa into one of those singing fish	Finally, at long last, someone hacked Amazon's Alexa into one of those singing fish	1
Finally , at long last , someone hacked Amazon's Alexa into one of those singing fish	Finally, at long last, someone hacked Amazon's Alexa into one of those singing fish.	1
Finally , at long last , someone hacked Amazon's Alexa into one of those singing fish	finally, at long last, someone hacked Amazon's Alexa into one of those singing fish	1
After a sudden Islamic State attack in Kirkuk , fighters were looking for clues to strategy in corpses and cellphones	After a Sudden Islamic State Attack in Kirkuk, Fighters Searched for Clues to Strategy in Corpses and Cellphones	1
says @HillaryClinton will help with his goal of making kids ' " dreams become a reality .	Hillary says @HillaryClinton will help with his goal of making kids'' dreams become a reality	1
12 indelible images our photographers took during the 2016 campaign	12 Indelible Images We Photographers Made During the 2016 Campaign	1
You can't say yes to Trump and yes to common decency	You can't say yes to Trump, and yes to common decency	1
Hillary Clinton has established a slim edge over Donald Trump in early-voter turnout in several swing states	Hillary Clinton Posts a Slim Edge Over Donald Trump in Early-voter Turnout in Swing States	1
Hillary Clinton has established a slim edge over Donald Trump in early-voter turnout in several swing states	Hillary Clinton Establishes a Slim Edge Over Donald Trump in Early Voter Turnout in Swing States	1
Hillary Clinton has established a slim edge over Donald Trump in early-voter turnout in several swing states	Hillary Clinton Has established a Slim Edge Over Trump in Early-voter Turnout in Several Swing States	1
unqualified " is the word you were looking for .	Unqualified'is the word you were looking for.	1
unqualified " is the word you were looking for .	Unqualified'is the word you were searching for.	1
unqualified " is the word you were looking for .	Unqualified " is the word you were looking for.	1
America the beautiful's ugly election my final BBC blog of the campaign	America: the beautiful’s ugly election my final BBC Blog of the Campaign	1
America the beautiful's ugly election my final BBC blog of the campaign	America the Beautiful's Ugly Election My Last BBC Blog of the Campaign	1
America the beautiful's ugly election my final BBC blog of the campaign	America the beautiful's ugly election The BBC my final BBC blog of the campaign	1
New statues honoring St. Vladimir , Ivan the Terrible and Stalin are popping up in Russia .	New statues honoring Stalin, Ivan the Terrible, and St Vladimir are popping up in Russia.	1
New statues honoring St. Vladimir , Ivan the Terrible and Stalin are popping up in Russia .	New statues honouring Stalin, Ivan the Terrible, and St. Vladimir are popping up in Russia.	1
New statues honoring St. Vladimir , Ivan the Terrible and Stalin are popping up in Russia .	New statues honoring St. Vladimir, Ivan the Terrible and Stalin are popping up in Russia.	1
New statues honoring St. Vladimir , Ivan the Terrible and Stalin are popping up in Russia .	New statues honoring Stalin, Ivan the Terrible and St. Vladimir are popping up in Russia.	1
New statues honoring St. Vladimir , Ivan the Terrible and Stalin are popping up in Russia .	New statues honoring St. Vladimir, Ivan the Terrible, and Stalin are popping up in Russia.	1
New statues honoring St. Vladimir , Ivan the Terrible and Stalin are popping up in Russia .	New statues of Stalin, Ivan the Terrible, and St. Vladimir are popping up in Russia.	1
Trump has " almost certainly " lost Nevada amid surge of Latino votes in key states	Trump Has'Almost Certainly'Lost Nevada as Latino Turnout Rises in Key States	1
Trump has " almost certainly " lost Nevada amid surge of Latino votes in key states	Trump Has Almost Certainly Lost Nevada, As Latino Turnout Surges in Key States	1
Trump has " almost certainly " lost Nevada amid surge of Latino votes in key states	Trump Has'Almost Certainly'Lost Nevada, as Latinos Turnout Surges in Key States	1
Trump is addressing voters in Concord , North Carolina	Trump Addresses Voters in Concord, North Carolina	1
Trump is addressing voters in Concord , North Carolina	Donald Trump Addresses Voters in Concord, North Carolina	1
Trump is addressing voters in Concord , North Carolina	Trump addresses voters in Concord, North Carolina	1
Trump is addressing voters in Concord , North Carolina	Donald Trump is speaking to voters in Concord, North Carolina.	1
What's the cost of not offering paid sick leave ?	Whats the Cost of Not Offering Paid Sick Leave?	1
What's the cost of not offering paid sick leave ?	What's the price of not offering paid sick leave?	1
What's the cost of not offering paid sick leave ?	What's the cost of not offering paid sick leave?	1
What's the cost of not offering paid sick leave ?	What is the cost of not offering paid sick leave?	1
Shame on anyone who has blamed or harassed the victim in this case .	Shame on anyone who blamed or harassed the victim in this instance.	1
Shame on anyone who has blamed or harassed the victim in this case .	Shame on anyone who has blamed or harassed the victim in this case.	1
Shame on anyone who has blamed or harassed the victim in this case .	Shame on anyone who has criticized or harassed the victim in this case.	1
In her concession speech , Hillary Clinton took stock of her place as a role model for women	In her concession speech, Hillary Clinton took stock of her place as a role model for women	1
John Kasich voted for 2008 GOP nominee John McCain instead of 2016 GOP nominee Donald Trump	Kasich voted for 2008 GOP nominee John McCain instead of for 2016 GOP nominee Donald Trump	1
John Kasich voted for 2008 GOP nominee John McCain instead of 2016 GOP nominee Donald Trump	Kasich voted for 2008 GOP nominee McCain instead of for 2016 GOP nominee Donald Trump	1
Key to Trumps More Disciplined Campaign ? He No Longer Controls Twitter Account	Key to Trumps More Disciplined Campaign? He No Longer Controls His Twitter Account	1
Key to Trumps More Disciplined Campaign ? He No Longer Controls Twitter Account	Key to Trumps More Disciplined Campaign? He No Longer Controls Twitter Account	1
Which is a better helper , Google Home or Amazon Echo ? The 2 smart speakers face off .	Which is a Better Helper, Google Home or Amazon Echo? The 2 Smart Speakers Face Off	1
Which is a better helper , Google Home or Amazon Echo ? The 2 smart speakers face off .	Which Is a Better Helper? Google Home or Amazon Echo? The 2 Best Speakers Face Off.	1
Hillary Clinton will deliver remarks at 10:30 a.m. ET , according to her campaign .	Hillary Clinton to deliver remarks at 10:30 a.m. ET, according to her campaign	1
Hillary Clinton will deliver remarks at 10:30 a.m. ET , according to her campaign .	Clinton will make remarks at 10:30 a.m. ET, according to her campaign	1
Hillary Clinton will deliver remarks at 10:30 a.m. ET , according to her campaign .	Hillary Clinton will give remarks at 10:30 a.m. ET, according to her campaign.	1
Hillary Clinton will deliver remarks at 10:30 a.m. ET , according to her campaign .	Hillary Clinton will make remarks at 10:30 a.m. ET, according to her campaign.	1
heckled as he walks into polling station You're gonna lose !	heckled as he walks into polling station, You're gonna lose!	1
heckled as he walks into polling station You're gonna lose !	heckled as he walks into polling station You're gonna lose!	1
heckled as he walks into polling station You're gonna lose !	heckled as he walks into polling station, you're gonna lose!	1
Facebook tried to buy Asian Snapchat clone Snow	Facebook tries to buy Asian Snapchat clone Snow	1
Facebook tried to buy Asian Snapchat clone Snow	Facebook tried to buy Asian Snapchat clone Snow.	1
Google's Firebase developer platform gets better analytics , crash reporting and more	Googles Firebase Developer Platform Gets Better Analytics, Crash Reporting And More	1
Google's Firebase developer platform gets better analytics , crash reporting and more	Googles Firebase Developer Platform Gets Better Analytics, Crash Reporting and More	1
People , we just put up a * video game editorial * on the NYT .	People, we just put up a'video game'editorial on the NYT.	1
Can you legally take a voting selfie ? That depends on where you are .	Can you legally take a voting selfie? That depends on where you are	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time zones were designed for the railroad era and they have no place in our globalized world	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time zones were designed for the railroad era. They have no place in our globalized world.	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time-zones were designed for the railroad era, they have no place in our globalized world	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time-Zones Were Designed for the Railroad Era and Have No Place in Our Globalized World	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time Zones, Created for the Railroad Era, Have No Place in Our Globalized World	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	The railroad time zones were designed for the railroad era and have no place in our globalized world.	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Timezones were designed for the railroad era, they have no place in our globalized world.	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	The railroad time-zones were designed for the railroad era. They have no place in our globalized world	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time zones were designed for the railroad era and have no place in our globalized world	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time-zones were designed for the railroad era and have no place in our globalized world.	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time - Zones Were Designed for the Railroad Era, They Have No Place in Our Globalized World.	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Timezones were designed for the railroad era. They have no place in our globalized world.	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time zones were designed for the railroad era and they have no place in our globalized world.	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time Zones Were Designed for the Railroad Era: They Have No Place in Our Globalized World	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time zones were designed for the railroad era, they have no place in our globalized world	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time Zones Were Designed for the Railroad Era, They Have No Place in Our Globalized World	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time Zones were designed for the railroad era. They have no place in our globalized world.	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time Zones Were Designed for the Railroad Era and Have No Place in Our Globalized World	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time - Zones Were Designed for the Railroad Era, They Have No Place in Our Globalized World	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time zones were designed for the railroad era, they have no place in our globalized world.	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time Zones were designed for the railroad era, they have no place in our globalized world.	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time-zones were designed for the railroad era. They have no place in our globalized world.	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time-zones were designed for the railroad era, and they have no place in our globalized world.	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time zones were designed for the railroad era and have no place in our globalized world.	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time Zones Were designed for the Railroad Era and Have No Place in Our Globalized World	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time-zones were designed for the railroad era and have no place in the globalized world.	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time-zones were designed for the railroad era and they have no place in our globalized world.	1
Time zones were designed for the railroad era . They have no place in our globalized world .	Time Zones Were Designed for the Railroad Era and Have No Place in Our Globalized World.	1
Wikileaks is now resorting to peddling Reddit conspiracy theories as " leaks	Wikileaks is now resorting to peddling Reddit conspiracy theories as'leaks	1
Wikileaks is now resorting to peddling Reddit conspiracy theories as " leaks	@wikileaks is now resorting to peddling Reddit conspiracy theories as " leaks	1
Wikileaks is now resorting to peddling Reddit conspiracy theories as " leaks	Apparently Wikileaks is now resorting to peddling Reddit conspiracy theories as'leaks	1
Obama is campaigning for Hillary Clinton in Chapel Hill , North Carolina	Obama Campaigns for Hillary Clinton in Chapel Hill, North Carolina	1
Obama is campaigning for Hillary Clinton in Chapel Hill , North Carolina	Obama Campaigning for Hillary Clinton in Chapel Hill, North Carolina	1
Obama is campaigning for Hillary Clinton in Chapel Hill , North Carolina	Obama is campaigning for Hillary Clinton in Chapel Hill, North Carolina	1
You may eat too much the next day .	You may eat too much the next day.	1
You may eat too much the next day .	You might eat too much the next day.	1
You may eat too much the next day .	The next day you may have eaten too much.	1
You may eat too much the next day .	The next day, you may eat too much.	1
You may eat too much the next day .	The next day you may eat too much.	1
You may eat too much the next day .	The next day, you may be eating too much.	1
Mike Pence casts his vote on #ElectionDay in Indianapolis	Mike Pence casts his vote on Election Day in Indianapolis.	1
Democrat Maggie Hassan wins the New Hampshire Senate race , CNN projects	New Hampshire Democrat Maggie Hassan wins Senate race CNN Projects	1
Democrat Maggie Hassan wins the New Hampshire Senate race , CNN projects	Democrat Maggie Hassan wins Senate race in New Hampshire CNN Projects	1
Democrat Maggie Hassan wins the New Hampshire Senate race , CNN projects	Democrat Maggie Hassan wins Senate race for New Hampshire, CNN projects	1
Democrat Maggie Hassan wins the New Hampshire Senate race , CNN projects	The Democratic Maggie Hassan won New Hampshire Senate race, CNN projects	1
Democrat Maggie Hassan wins the New Hampshire Senate race , CNN projects	New Hampshire Democrat Maggie Hassan wins Senate race CNN projects	1
Democrat Maggie Hassan wins the New Hampshire Senate race , CNN projects	New Hampshire Democratic nominee Maggie Hassan wins Senate race CNN Projects	1
Democrat Maggie Hassan wins the New Hampshire Senate race , CNN projects	New Hampshire Democrat Maggie Hassan wins Senate race, CNN projects	1
Shades Of 2000 ? Clinton Surpasses Trump In Popular Vote Tally	Shades Of 2000? Clinton Surpasses Trump in Popular Vote Tally	1
7 things to watch for on Election Night	7 Things to Watch On Election Night	1
7 things to watch for on Election Night	7 things to watch on Election Night	1
7 things to watch for on Election Night	Seven Things to Watch For on Election Night	1
7 things to watch for on Election Night	7 Things to Watch for on Election Night 7 things to watch	1
7 things to watch for on Election Night	7 Things to Watch For on Election Night. 7 Things to Watch For	1
7 things to watch for on Election Night	7 Things to Watch on Election Night	1
I can't help but feel disrespected . What teenage girls are taking away from the election	I Can't Help but Feel Disrespected. What Teenage Girls Are Taken Away From the Election	1
I can't help but feel disrespected . What teenage girls are taking away from the election	I cant help but feel disrespected. This is what teenage girls are taking away from the election	1
Unicorns suddenly have to prove their worth . Watch the full series of " The Down Round " here	Watch the full series of " The Down Round ". Unicorns suddenly have to prove their worth.	1
The NES Classic Edition and all 30 games on it	NES Classic Edition, all 30 games on it.	1
Triple check before you share news on social media fake news is on the rise	Triple Check Before You Share Fake News on Social Media Fake news is on the Rise	1
Nominate your choice for Best Startup Video in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Best Startup Video in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards.	1
Nominate your choice for Best Startup Video in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Best Startup Video in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards!	1
Nominate your choice for Best Startup Video in the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	Nominate your choice for Best Startup Video at the 10th Annual #Crunchies Awards	1
If they lose , well know that it was rigged , " @Cubs fan @davidaxelrod tells @MaureenDowd	If they lose, well know that it was rigged'@Cubs fan @Davidaxelrod tells @MaureenDowd	1
If they lose , well know that it was rigged , " @Cubs fan @davidaxelrod tells @MaureenDowd	If they lose, well know that it was rigged'@Cubs fan @davidaxelrod tells @MaureenDowd	1
If they lose , well know that it was rigged , " @Cubs fan @davidaxelrod tells @MaureenDowd	If they lose, well know that it was rigged, " @Cubs fan @Davidaxelrod tells @MaureenDowd	1
If they lose , well know that it was rigged , " @Cubs fan @davidaxelrod tells @MaureenDowd	If they lose, well know that it was rigged, " @Cubs fan Davidaxelrod tells @MaureenDowd	1
Please 2016 , please . Anthony Weiner rides through sex addiction rehab on a horse	Please 2016, please. Anthony Weiner rides through sex addiction rehab on a horse.	1
CBC threatens podcast app makers , argues that RSS readers violate copyright	CBC threatens Podcast Makers, argues RSS readers violate Copyright.	1
CBC threatens podcast app makers , argues that RSS readers violate copyright	CBC threatens podcast app makers, argues that RSS readers violate copyright!	1
CBC threatens podcast app makers , argues that RSS readers violate copyright	CBC threatens podcast app makers, argues RSS readers violate Copyright	1
CBC threatens podcast app makers , argues that RSS readers violate copyright	CBC threatens podcast app makers, argues RSS readers violate copyright.	1
CBC threatens podcast app makers , argues that RSS readers violate copyright	CBC threatens podcast app makers, argues RSS readers violate copyright	1
CBC threatens podcast app makers , argues that RSS readers violate copyright	Canadian Broadcasting Corporation threatens podcast app makers, argues that RSS readers violate copyright	1
CBC threatens podcast app makers , argues that RSS readers violate copyright	CBC threatens podcast app makers, argues RSS readers violate copyright!!	1
CBC threatens podcast app makers , argues that RSS readers violate copyright	Canadian Broadcasting Corp. threatens podcast app makers, argues that RSS readers violate copyright	1
CBC threatens podcast app makers , argues that RSS readers violate copyright	CBC Threatens Podcast Makers, argues RSS readers violate Copyright	1
The FBI had to build custom software to separate Huma Abedin's emails from Anthony Weiners emails	The FBI had to build custom software to separate Huma Abedin's emails from those of Anthony Weiners	1
The FBI had to build custom software to separate Huma Abedin's emails from Anthony Weiners emails	The FBI had to build custom software to separate Huma Abedin's emails from Anthony Weiners' emails	1
The FBI had to build custom software to separate Huma Abedin's emails from Anthony Weiners emails	The FBI had to build custom software to separate Huma Abedins Emails from Anthony Weiners Emails	1
The FBI had to build custom software to separate Huma Abedin's emails from Anthony Weiners emails	The FBI had to build custom software to separate Huma Abedin's emails from the emails of Anthony Weiners.	1
The FBI had to build custom software to separate Huma Abedin's emails from Anthony Weiners emails	The FBI had to build custom software to separate Huma Abedin's emails from Anthony Weiners'emails	1
After 2 years , Lebanon finally has a new president . But little else is resolved .	After 2 Years, Lebanon Has a New President. But Little Is Solved.	1
After 2 years , Lebanon finally has a new president . But little else is resolved .	After 2 Years, Lebanon Has a New President. Still No One Resolves It.	1
A new official report says #MH370 was spiraling fast in its final moments .	New official report says #MH370 was spiraling fast in its final moments	1
A new official report says #MH370 was spiraling fast in its final moments .	A new official report said #MH370 spiraled fast in its final moments	1
A new official report says #MH370 was spiraling fast in its final moments .	A new official report says #MH370 was spiraling fast in its final moments.	1
A new official report says #MH370 was spiraling fast in its final moments .	A new official report says #MH370 was spiraling fast in its final moments	1
A new official report says #MH370 was spiraling fast in its final moments .	New official report says #MH370 was spiraling fast in its final moments.	1
The LEAST you can say about the GOP is that the party is anti-democratic Ht @xeni	The LAST you can say about the GOP is that the party is anti-democratic Ht @xeni	1
The LEAST you can say about the GOP is that the party is anti-democratic Ht @xeni	The LEAST you can say about the GOP is that the party is anti-democratic Ht @xeni.	1
How Trump Took Over the Media By Fighting It .	How Trump Took Over the Media By Fighting It	1
How Trump Took Over the Media By Fighting It .	How Trump Took Over the Media By Fighting It.	1
Obama and VP Biden share an embrace I've lost elections before , Joe hasn't .	Obama and VP Biden Share embrace I've lost Elections before, Joe hasn't	1
Partisan war is our way . Estonia trains a nation of insurgents	A Partisan War Is Our Way. Estonia Trains a Nation of Insurgents	1
Partisan war is our way . Estonia trains a nation of insurgents	Partisan war is our way. Estonia trains a nation of insurgents	1
Partisan war is our way . Estonia trains a nation of insurgents	Partisan War Is Our Way: Estonia Trains a Nation of Insurgents	1
Partisan war is our way . Estonia trains a nation of insurgents	Partisan war is our way. Estonia trains a nation of insurgents.	1
Partisan war is our way . Estonia trains a nation of insurgents	A Partisan War Is Our Way: Estonia Trains a Nation of Insurgents	1
Partisan war is our way . Estonia trains a nation of insurgents	Partisan War Is Our Way. Estonia Trains a Nation of Insurgents	1
Why would anyone do 5 Ironman triathlons in 5 days ? went to find out .	Why Would Anyone Do 5 Ironman Triathlons in 5 Days? Goes to Find Out.	1
Why would anyone do 5 Ironman triathlons in 5 days ? went to find out .	Why Would Anyone Do 5 Ironman Triathlons in 5 Days? Find Out.	1
Why would anyone do 5 Ironman triathlons in 5 days ? went to find out .	Why would anyone do 5 Ironman triathlons in 5 days? went to find out.	1
Why would anyone do 5 Ironman triathlons in 5 days ? went to find out .	Why would anyone do 5 Ironman triathlons in 5 days? Goes to find out	1
Why would anyone do 5 Ironman triathlons in 5 days ? went to find out .	Why Would Anyone Do 5 Ironman Triathlons in 5 Days? I Goes To Find Out	1
Why would anyone do 5 Ironman triathlons in 5 days ? went to find out .	Why would anyone do 5 Ironman triathlons in 5 days? I went to find out.	1
Why would anyone do 5 Ironman triathlons in 5 days ? went to find out .	Why Would Anyone Do 5 Ironman Triathlons in 5 Days? Goes to Find Out	1
Illacme tobini has 414 legs and 4 penises	The illacme tobini has 414 legs and 4 penises.	1
Illacme tobini has 414 legs and 4 penises	Illacme tobini has 414 legs and 4 penises.	1
Illacme tobini has 414 legs and 4 penises	The illacme tobini carries 414 legs and 4 penises.	1
Illacme tobini has 414 legs and 4 penises	The illacme tobini has 414 legs and 4 penisses.	1
The impact of Obamacare , in 4 maps	The impact of Obamacare, in 4 maps	1
The impact of Obamacare , in 4 maps	The Impact of Obamacare, in Four Maps	1
The impact of Obamacare , in 4 maps	The Impact of Obamacare in Four Maps	1
The impact of Obamacare , in 4 maps	Impact of Obamacare, in 4 Maps	1
The impact of Obamacare , in 4 maps	The impact of Obamacare in 4 Maps	1
The impact of Obamacare , in 4 maps	The Impact of Obamacare, in 4 Maps	1
Donald Trump holds rally in Nevada .	Donald Trump holds rally in Nevada.	1
Donald Trump holds rally in Nevada .	Donald Trump Holds Rally in Nevada	1
Donald Trump holds rally in Nevada .	Donald Trump holds a rally in Nevada	1
Donald Trump holds rally in Nevada .	Donald Trump holds rally in Nevada	1
Donald Trump holds rally in Nevada .	Donald Trump holds a rally in Nevada.	1
Donald Trump holds rally in Nevada .	Trump holds rally in Nevada	1
Donald Trump holds rally in Nevada .	Trump holds rally in Nevada.	1
2 more days . Updates from the campaign trail	2 more days of campaign. Updates from the trail	1
2 more days . Updates from the campaign trail	2 more days to go. Updates from the campaign trail.	1
2 more days . Updates from the campaign trail	2 more days. Updates from the campaign trail	1
It looks like North Carolinas LGBTQ-bashing Gov . Pat McCrory is out of a job	It looks like NCs LGBTQ-bashing Gov. Pat McCrory is out of a job	1
It looks like North Carolinas LGBTQ-bashing Gov . Pat McCrory is out of a job	Looks Like North Carolinas LGBTQ-bashing Gov. Pat McCrory Is Out of a Job	1
It looks like North Carolinas LGBTQ-bashing Gov . Pat McCrory is out of a job	It Looks Like North Carolinas LGBTQ-Bashing Gov. Pat McCrory Is Out of a Job	1
Stars come out for Clinton as Trump brags he doesn't need them	Stars Come Out for Clinton as Trump Brags He Doesnt Need Them	1
Trump says " Thank you Huma ! Thank you Anthony Weiner ! at rally in Grand Rapids , MI	-Trump Says " Thank you Huma! Thank You Anthony Weiner! " at rally in Grand Rapids, MI	1
Trump says " Thank you Huma ! Thank you Anthony Weiner ! at rally in Grand Rapids , MI	Trump: Thank you Huma! Thank you Anthony Weiner! at rally in Grand Rapids, MI	1
Trump says " Thank you Huma ! Thank you Anthony Weiner ! at rally in Grand Rapids , MI	Donald Trump says " thank you Huma! thank you Anthony Weiner! at rally in Grand Rapids, MI	1
Trump says " Thank you Huma ! Thank you Anthony Weiner ! at rally in Grand Rapids , MI	Donald Trump, at rally in Grand Rapids, MI, says " thank you Huma! thank you Anthony Weiner!	1
Trump says " Thank you Huma ! Thank you Anthony Weiner ! at rally in Grand Rapids , MI	At a rally in Grand Rapids, MI, Trump says,'thank you Huma! Thank you Anthony Weiner!	1
Justice Department to North Carolina Stop purging black voters from the rolls .	Justice Department to North Carolina : Stop Purging Black Voters From the Rolls	1
Justice Department to North Carolina Stop purging black voters from the rolls .	Justice Department to North Carolina Stop Purging Black Voters From the Rolls.	1
Justice Department to North Carolina Stop purging black voters from the rolls .	Justice Department to North Carolina Stop Purging Black Voters From the Rolls	1
The key to Trumps more disciplined campaign ? He no longer controls twitter account	The key to Trumps more disciplined campaign? He no longer controls his twitter account	1
Clinton camp chair Podesta says Trump " inexplicably " attacked Jay Z , Beyonce I'm not sure that's smart for him	Clinton camp chair Podesta says Trump'inexplicably'attacked Jay Z, Beyonce I'm not sure that's smart for him	1
When @ABarnardNYT stepped off the bus in Aleppo on Wednesday , she found a war zone	When @ABarnardNYT stepped off the bus in Aleppo on Wednesday, she found a war zone.	1
When @ABarnardNYT stepped off the bus in Aleppo on Wednesday , she found a war zone	When AbarnardNYT stepped off the bus in Aleppo on Wednesday, she found a war zone	1
The FBI didn't change its conclusions on Clinton's email case . Republicans say an announcement was made prematurely .	The FBI did not change its conclusions on Clinton's Email Case. Republicans say an announcement was prematurely made.	1
US Embassy in Jordan confirms American personnel in ' security incident ' amid reports 2 fatally shot	US embassy in Jordan confirms American personnel in'security incident'amid reports 2 fatally shot	1
US Embassy in Jordan confirms American personnel in ' security incident ' amid reports 2 fatally shot	US Embassy in Jordan confirms American personnel in'security incident' amid reports 2 people shot dead	1
US Embassy in Jordan confirms American personnel in ' security incident ' amid reports 2 fatally shot	US Embassy in Jordan confirms American personnel in'security incident'amid reports 2 fatally shot	1
US Embassy in Jordan confirms American personnel in ' security incident ' amid reports 2 fatally shot	US Embassy in Jordan confirms American personnel in'security incident'amid reports 2 fatally shot.	1
US Embassy in Jordan confirms American personnel in ' security incident ' amid reports 2 fatally shot	US embassy in Jordan confirms American personnel in'security incident' amid reports 2 fatally shot	1
Helping more people vote would " cheapen the work " of civil rights heroes .	Helping More People Vote Would Cheapen the Work of Civil Rights Heroes	1
Helping more people vote would " cheapen the work " of civil rights heroes .	Helping more people vote would cheapen the work of civil rights heroes	1
Helping more people vote would " cheapen the work " of civil rights heroes .	Helping more people vote would cheapen the work of civil rights heroes.	1
Helping more people vote would " cheapen the work " of civil rights heroes .	Helping more people vote would " cheapen the work " of civil rights heroes.	1
Here's how to choose between the least popular candidates of all time	How to Choose Between the Least Popular Candidates of All Time	1
Here's how to choose between the least popular candidates of all time	How to Choose Between the Less Popular Candidates of All Time	1
What is blockchain , and why is it growing in popularity ?	What is a blockchain, and why is it growing in popularity?	1
What is blockchain , and why is it growing in popularity ?	What Is A Blockchain, and Why Is It Growing In Popularity?	1
What is blockchain , and why is it growing in popularity ?	What is a blockchain and why is it growing in popularity?	1
People in this country get sick because they live alone . They don't get touched enough .	People in this country get sick because they live alone, they don't get touched enough.	1
People in this country get sick because they live alone . They don't get touched enough .	People in this country get sick because they live alone. They don't get touched enough.	1
People in this country get sick because they live alone . They don't get touched enough .	People get sick in this country because they live alone. They don't get touched enough.	1
Should we be scared of butter ?	Do we need to be scared of butter?	1
Should we be scared of butter ?	So, should we be scared of butter?	1
CNN's latest Electoral College map shows gains for Donald Trump	CNNs latest electoral college map shows gains for Trump	1
A history of the slow , steady exploitation of our consciousness by TV commercials , war propaganda , tweets	A history of the slow, steady exploitation of our consciousness by TV ads, war propaganda, tweets	1
A history of the slow , steady exploitation of our consciousness by TV commercials , war propaganda , tweets	This is the history of the slow, steady exploitation of our consciousness by TV commercials, war propaganda, tweets	1
A history of the slow , steady exploitation of our consciousness by TV commercials , war propaganda , tweets	A History of the Slow, Steady Exploration of Our Awareness by TV Commercials, War Propaganda, Tweets	1
A history of the slow , steady exploitation of our consciousness by TV commercials , war propaganda , tweets	A history of the slow, steady exploitation of our consciousness through television commercials, war propaganda, tweets	1
A history of the slow , steady exploitation of our consciousness by TV commercials , war propaganda , tweets	A history of the slow, steady exploitation of our consciousness by TV commercials, war propaganda, tweets	1
A history of the slow , steady exploitation of our consciousness by TV commercials , war propaganda , tweets	a history of the slow, steady exploitation of our consciousness by TV commercials, war propaganda, tweets	1
White House says President Obama called Donald Trump to congratulate him on his victory	White House says Obama called Trump to congratulate him on victory.	1
White House says President Obama called Donald Trump to congratulate him on his victory	White House says Obama called Trump to congratulate him on victory	1
This election was probably overdue for a " But why can't WHITE people say it " debate	This election was probably overdue for a'But Why Can't WHITE People Say It'Debate.	1
Time spent on social media could be associated with a longer life , a study found	Studies have uncovered evidence that spending time on social media might result in a longer life.	1
Time spent on social media could be associated with a longer life , a study found	Time spent on social media could be associated with a longer life, study finds	1
Donald Trump greets voters before he casts his vote on Everything's very good	Trump greets voters before he casts his vote on Everything's very Good	1
Donald Trump greets voters before he casts his vote on Everything's very good	Donald Trump greetes voters, before he casts his vote on Everything's very good	1
Garth Brooks wins Country Music Association Award for Entertainer of the Year	Garth Brooks wins Entertainer of the Year honor at Country Music Association	1
How to preserve the ideals of liberal democracy in the face of a Trump presidency	How to preserve the ideals of a liberal democracy in the face of a Trump presidency	1
Not all the Standing Rock Sioux are protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline	Not all Standing Rock Sioux are protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline	1
Not all the Standing Rock Sioux are protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline	Not all of Standing Rock Sioux are protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline	1
Not all the Standing Rock Sioux are protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline	Standing Rock Sioux not all are protesting Dakota Access Pipeline	1
Not all the Standing Rock Sioux are protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline	Not all the Standing Rock Sioux are protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline.	1
Not all the Standing Rock Sioux are protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline	Not All Standing Rock Sioux Are Protesting the Dakota Access Pipeline	1
Hundreds of fake apps have popped up in Apple's App Store in recent weeks just in time to deceive holiday shoppers	Hundreds of fake apps popping up in Apple App Store in recent weeks just in time to deceive holiday shoppers	1
Fox News Electoral Scorecard Key states tilting toward Trump after FBI's October surprise	Fox News Electoral Scorecard Key states turning toward Trump after FBI's October surprise	1
Eric Trump says David Duke ' deserves a bullet	Eric Trump says David Duke'deserves a bullet	1
Eric Trump says David Duke ' deserves a bullet	Eric Trump Says David Duke'deserves a bullet	1
Eric Trump says David Duke ' deserves a bullet	Eric Trump says David Duke deserves 'a bullet'.	1
Eric Trump says David Duke ' deserves a bullet	Eric Trump says David Duke deserves a bullet	1
A mass grave with remains of 100 beheaded civilians has been found in a school south of Mosul , Iraq's military says	A mass grave found containing the remains of 100 beheaded civilians has been found in a school south of Mosul, Iraq, according to the military.	1
A mass grave with remains of 100 beheaded civilians has been found in a school south of Mosul , Iraq's military says	Mass grave containing 100 bodies of decapitated civilians has been found inside a school south of Mosul, Iraq's military says	1
We looked at 130 million ballots from 2012 and found practically zero potential fraud	We look at 130 million ballots from 2012 and find practically zero potential fraud.	1
We looked at 130 million ballots from 2012 and found practically zero potential fraud	From 2012, We Looked at 130 Million Ballots and Found Practically Zero Potential Fraud	1
We looked at 130 million ballots from 2012 and found practically zero potential fraud	We looked at 130 million ballots from 2012 and found virtually zero potential for fraud!	1
We looked at 130 million ballots from 2012 and found practically zero potential fraud	We looked at 130 million ballots from 2012 and found virtually zero potential for fraud	1
We looked at 130 million ballots from 2012 and found practically zero potential fraud	We looked at 130 million ballots in 2012 and found virtually zero potential fraud	1
Could the US election polls be wrong ? We looked to the UK and Brexit polling to find out	Could the US election polls be wrong? We looked at the UK and Brexit polls to find out	1
Could the US election polls be wrong ? We looked to the UK and Brexit polling to find out	Could the US Election Polls Be Wrong? We looked to the UK and Brexit polling to find out.	1
Could the US election polls be wrong ? We looked to the UK and Brexit polling to find out	Could the US Election Polls Be Wrong? We looked at the UK and the Brexit polls to find out.	1
Donald Trump makes final pitch to Florida voters .	Trump makes final pitch to voters in Florida, USA	1
Donald Trump makes final pitch to Florida voters .	Donald Trump makes final pitch to Florida voters	1
Donald Trump makes final pitch to Florida voters .	Donald Trump Makes Final Pitch to Florida Voters	1
Donald Trump makes final pitch to Florida voters .	Donald Trump Makes Final Pitch To Florida Voters.	1
Donald Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign	Donald Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign.	1
Donald Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign	Donald Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run, and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign.	1
Donald Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign	Donald Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run, and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign	1
Donald Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign	Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign	1
Donald Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign	Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign!	1
Donald Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign	Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run, and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign	1
Donald Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign	Trump defied skeptics who said he would never run and political veterans who scoffed at his campaign	1
Donald Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign	Trump defied skeptics who said he would never run and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign	1
Donald Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign	Trump defied skeptics who said he would never run and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign.	1
Donald Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign	Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign.	1
Donald Trump defied the skeptics who said he would never run and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign	Donald Trump defied skeptics who said he would never run and the political veterans who scoffed at his campaign	1
Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in newest version of Messenger	Facebook opens sponsored messages for all advertisers in Messenger newest version	1
Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in newest version of Messenger	Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in Messenger latest version	1
Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in newest version of Messenger	Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in Messenger newest version:	1
Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in newest version of Messenger	Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in latest version of Messenger	1
Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in newest version of Messenger	Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in Messenger newest version	1
Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in newest version of Messenger	Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in the latest version of Messenger	1
Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in newest version of Messenger	Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in Messenger'latest version.	1
Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in newest version of Messenger	Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in the newest version of Messenger	1
Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in newest version of Messenger	Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in Messenger newest version.	1
Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in newest version of Messenger	Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in Messenger latest version!	1
Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in newest version of Messenger	Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in Messenger's latest version	1
Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in newest version of Messenger	Facebook opens sponsored messages to all advertisers in Messenger's latest version.	1
Trump hits traditional Dem states while Clinton makes battleground stops on final campaign Sunday	Trump hits traditional Dem states while Clinton makes battleground stops on final campaign Sunday.	1
Trump hits traditional Dem states while Clinton makes battleground stops on final campaign Sunday	Trump hits traditional Dem states, while Clinton makes battleground stops on final campaign Sunday.	1
Trump hits traditional Dem states while Clinton makes battleground stops on final campaign Sunday	Donald Trump hits traditional Dem states while Clinton makes battleground stops on final campaign Sunday.	1
Trump hits traditional Dem states while Clinton makes battleground stops on final campaign Sunday	Trump hits traditional Dem states, while Clinton makes battleground stops on final campaign Sunday	1
Trump continues to knock Mosul offensive , calls leaders ' group of losers	Trump continues to knock Mosul offensive, calls leaders'group of losers	1
Trump continues to knock Mosul offensive , calls leaders ' group of losers	trump continues to knock Mosul offensive off and calls leaders'group of losers	1
Trump continues to knock Mosul offensive , calls leaders ' group of losers	Trump continues to knock Mosul offensive calling leaders'group of losers	1
As the 2016 US election campaign ends , follow latest #ElectionNight updates here	As the 2016 US election campaign ends, follow latest #ElectionNight updates here	1
As the 2016 US election campaign ends , follow latest #ElectionNight updates here	As the 2016 US Election Campaign Ends, Follow Latest #ElectionNight Updates Here	1
As the 2016 US election campaign ends , follow latest #ElectionNight updates here	As the 2016 US election campaign ends, follow latest #ElectionNight updates here.	1
Should games firms welcome or fear Chinese conquest ?	Should games makers welcome or fear Chinese conquest?	1
Should games firms welcome or fear Chinese conquest ?	Should Games Firms Welcome or Fear Chinese Conquest?	1
Should games firms welcome or fear Chinese conquest ?	Should games firms welcome or fear Chinese conquest?	1
Comey said the FBI had been working to " process and review " emails since his letter to Congress last month .	Comey said the FBI had been working to'process and review'emails since his letter to Congress last month.	1
Comey said the FBI had been working to " process and review " emails since his letter to Congress last month .	The FBI had been working to'process and review'emails since his letter to Congress last month, said Comey.	1
Comey said the FBI had been working to " process and review " emails since his letter to Congress last month .	Comey said the FBI had been working to'process and'review'emails since his letter to Congress last month.	1
Comey said the FBI had been working to " process and review " emails since his letter to Congress last month .	Comey said the FBI had been working to process and review emails since his letter to Congress last month.	1
Comey said the FBI had been working to " process and review " emails since his letter to Congress last month .	Comey said the FBI had been working to 'process and review' emails since his letter to Congress last month.	1
Comey said the FBI had been working to " process and review " emails since his letter to Congress last month .	Comey said the FBI had been working to process and review his emails since his letter to Congress last month.	1
Comey said the FBI had been working to " process and review " emails since his letter to Congress last month .	Comey said the FBI had been working to process and'review''emails since his letter to Congress last month.	1
Comey said the FBI had been working to " process and review " emails since his letter to Congress last month .	Comey said the FBI had been working to " process and review " emails since his letter to Congress last month.	1
Comey said the FBI had been working to " process and review " emails since his letter to Congress last month .	Comey said the FBI had been working to'process and review'email since his letter to Congress last month.	1
Comey said the FBI had been working to " process and review " emails since his letter to Congress last month .	Comey said the FBI had been working to 'process and' review' emails since his letter to Congress last month.	1
Comey said the FBI had been working to " process and review " emails since his letter to Congress last month .	Comey said that the FBI had been working to process and review emails since his letter to Congress last month.	1
Comey said the FBI had been working to " process and review " emails since his letter to Congress last month .	Comey said the FBI had been working to process and review'emails since his letter to Congress last month.	1
Comey said the FBI had been working to " process and review " emails since his letter to Congress last month .	Comey said the FBI had been working to process and review'emails' since his letter to Congress last month.	1
Donald Trump brings baby onto rally stage in Tampa That's an early Trump fan .	Trump brings baby onto rally stage in Tampa That's an early Trump fan	1
Donald Trump brings baby onto rally stage in Tampa That's an early Trump fan .	Donald Trump brings baby onto rally stage in Tampa. That's an early Trump fan.	1
Donald Trump brings baby onto rally stage in Tampa That's an early Trump fan .	Trump Brings Baby On Rally Stage in Tampa That's an Early Trump Fan	1
Here is Donald Trump keeping an eye on Melania as she votes	Here Is Donald Trump Watching Melania as She Votes	1
Here is Donald Trump keeping an eye on Melania as she votes	Here is Trump keeping an eye on Melania Trump as she votes	1
How white liberals really view black voters	How liberal whites really view black voters	1
Rolling Stone found liable for defamation for rape story	Rolling Stone, the media outlet, has been found liable for defamation for a rape story.	1
Rolling Stone found liable for defamation for rape story	Rolling Stone liable for defamation for rape story	1
This stupid quiz was rigged the whole time	This stupid quiz was rigged the entire time	1
This stupid quiz was rigged the whole time	This stupid quiz was rigged, the whole time.	1
This stupid quiz was rigged the whole time	This stupid quiz was rigged the whole time!	1
This stupid quiz was rigged the whole time	This stupid quiz was rigged all the time	1
This stupid quiz was rigged the whole time	This stupid quiz was rigged the whole time.	1
This stupid quiz was rigged the whole time	The whole time, this stupid quiz was rigged!	1
Libertarian VP nominee Bill Weld I'm here vouching for Mrs. Clinton	Libertarian VP nominee Bill Weld: "I'm here vouching for Mrs. Clinton	1
Libertarian VP nominee Bill Weld I'm here vouching for Mrs. Clinton	Libertarian VP nominee Bill Weld " is here vouching for Mrs. Clinton	1
Obama on Trump We are now all rooting for his success in uniting and leading the country	Obama on Trump. now we all root for his success in uniting and leading the country	1
Moonlight ' is about as beautiful a movie as you are ever likely to see , " @aoscott writes	Moonlight'is about as beautiful a movie as you are ever likely to see'@aoscott writes	1
Moonlight ' is about as beautiful a movie as you are ever likely to see , " @aoscott writes	Moonlight'is about as beautiful a movie as you are ever likely to see,' says Aoscott	1
Moonlight ' is about as beautiful a movie as you are ever likely to see , " @aoscott writes	Moonlight'is about as beautiful a movie as you are ever likely to see'@Aoscott wrote	1
Moonlight ' is about as beautiful a movie as you are ever likely to see , " @aoscott writes	" moonlight, about as beautiful a movie as you are ever likely to see, " @aoscott writes	1
Moonlight ' is about as beautiful a movie as you are ever likely to see , " @aoscott writes	Moonlight is about as beautiful a movie as you are ever likely to see " by Aoscott	1
Moonlight ' is about as beautiful a movie as you are ever likely to see , " @aoscott writes	Moonlight'is about as beautiful a movie as you are ever likely to see, " says Aoscott	1
One dead and three wounded in Asuza . Police dealing with a " heavily armed " suspect .	One dead and three wounded in Asuza, police dealing with'heavily armed'suspect.	1
This is great , until you try them on and it actually looks like a wolf had a baby with a pug .	This is great, until you try them on and it actually looks like a wolf had a baby with a pug.	1
This is great , until you try them on and it actually looks like a wolf had a baby with a pug .	This is great until you try them on and it actually looks like a wolf had a baby with a pug.	1
The answer is embedded in the question .	The answer is embedded in the question.	1
The answer is embedded in the question .	The answer is embedded within the question.	1
The answer is embedded in the question .	The answer is integrated in the question.	1
Third-party voters are " trading votes " with Clinton voters to defeat Trump	Third-party voters are'trading votes'with Clinton voters to defeat Trump	1
Third-party voters are " trading votes " with Clinton voters to defeat Trump	Third-party voters are " trading votes" with Clinton voters to defeat Trump	1
Third-party voters are " trading votes " with Clinton voters to defeat Trump	Third-party voters are " trading votes " with Clinton voters to defeat Trump.	1
Third-party voters are " trading votes " with Clinton voters to defeat Trump	Third-party voters " trading votes " with Clinton voters to defeat Trump.	1
Fox News anchor It was a ' mistake ' to report possible Clinton Foundation indictment	Fox anchor says it was a " mistake " to report possible Clinton Foundation indictment	1
Hillary Clinton campaign staffers ' laptops stolen in Philadelphia	Hillary Clinton campaign staffers'laptops stolen in Philadelphia.	1
From 2003 to 2016 , see how Michelle Obama has evolved on the campaign trail	From 2003 to 2016, see how Michelle Obama has evolved on the campaign trail	1
From 2003 to 2016 , see how Michelle Obama has evolved on the campaign trail	From 2003 to 2016, we look at how Michelle Obama has evolved on the campaign trail	1
From 2003 to 2016 , see how Michelle Obama has evolved on the campaign trail	See how Michelle Obama has evolved on the campaign trail from 2003 to 2016	1
This is an historic night . The American people have spoken .	This is an historic night. The American people have spoken.	1
How journalists failed to predict Trump's victory	How Journalists Fail to Predict Trump Victory	1
How journalists failed to predict Trump's victory	How Journalists Failed to Predict Trump Win	1
How journalists failed to predict Trump's victory	How Journalists Failed to Predict Trumps Victory	1
California woman faces possible jail time for selling signature dish online	CALIFORNIA US woman faces possible jail time for selling online signature dish	1
California woman faces possible jail time for selling signature dish online	California woman faces possible jail time for selling online signature dish	1
California woman faces possible jail time for selling signature dish online	CA woman faces possible jail time for selling signature dish online	1
California woman faces possible jail time for selling signature dish online	California woman faces possible jail time for selling her signature dish online.	1
Even as Turkish government blames Kurdish militants for bombing , ISIS claims responsibility .	While Turkey Blames Kurdish Militants For Bombing, ISIS Claims Responsibility	1
Even as Turkish government blames Kurdish militants for bombing , ISIS claims responsibility .	Even as Turkish government blames Kurdish militants for bombing, ISIS claims responsibility.	1
Even as Turkish government blames Kurdish militants for bombing , ISIS claims responsibility .	Even as Turkish Government Blames Kurdish Forces for Bombing, ISIS Claims Responsibility	1
Even as Turkish government blames Kurdish militants for bombing , ISIS claims responsibility .	Even as Turkish government blames Kurdish militants for bombing, ISIS claims responsibility	1
Even as Turkish government blames Kurdish militants for bombing , ISIS claims responsibility .	Even as Turkey Blames Kurdish Militants for Bombing, ISIS Claims Liability	1
In Georgia , " KKK " and a swastika were painted on the route to the early voting site .	In Georgia, " KKK " and a swastika were painted on the route to the early voting site.	1
In Georgia , " KKK " and a swastika were painted on the route to the early voting site .	In Georgia, " KKK " and a Swastika were painted on the route to the early voting site.	1
In Georgia , " KKK " and a swastika were painted on the route to the early voting site .	In Georgia, “ KKK ” and a swastika were painted on the route to the early voting site.	1
In Georgia , " KKK " and a swastika were painted on the route to the early voting site .	In Georgia, KKK and a swastika were painted on the route to the early voting site.	1
President Vladimir Putin of Russia congratulated Donald Trump , expressing hope for " a constructive dialogue	Vladimir Putin of Russia congratulates Donald Trump, expresses hope for " a constructive dialogue	1
We are now all rooting for his success in uniting and leading our country President Obama on Donald Trump's win	We are now all rooting for his success in uniting and leading our country's President Obama on Donald Trump's win	1
This isnt Watergate . But Comey and the F.B.I. are right to demand a fuller explanation .	However, this isn't Watergate, but Comey and the F.B.I. are right to demand a fuller explanation	1
This isnt Watergate . But Comey and the F.B.I. are right to demand a fuller explanation .	It isn't watergate. But Comey and the F.B.I. are right to demand a fuller explanation.	1
This isnt Watergate . But Comey and the F.B.I. are right to demand a fuller explanation .	This isnt Watergate. But Comey and the F.B.I. Are Right to Demand a Fuller Explanation	1
This isnt Watergate . But Comey and the F.B.I. are right to demand a fuller explanation .	This isnt Watergate. But Comey and the F.B.I. are right to demand a fuller explanation.	1
This isnt Watergate . But Comey and the F.B.I. are right to demand a fuller explanation .	This isnt Watergate. But Comey and the F.B.I are right to demand a fuller explanation.	1
This isnt Watergate . But Comey and the F.B.I. are right to demand a fuller explanation .	This Isnt Watergate. But Comey and the F.B.I. Are Right to Demand a Fuller explanation	1
This isnt Watergate . But Comey and the F.B.I. are right to demand a fuller explanation .	This Isnt Watergate. But Comey and the F.B.I. Are Right to Demand a Fuller Explanation	1
This isnt Watergate . But Comey and the F.B.I. are right to demand a fuller explanation .	In short, this isnt Watergate. But Comey and the F.B.I. are right to demand a fuller explanation.	1
This isnt Watergate . But Comey and the F.B.I. are right to demand a fuller explanation .	This Isnt Watergate. But Comey and the F.B.I. Are Right to Demand a Fuller Explaination.	1
Obama criticized the FBI chief's handling of the Clinton email case We dont operate on incomplete information	Obama criticized FBI chief's handling of Clinton email case We dont operate on incomplete information	1
Prince Harry warns the press about harassing his girlfriend Meghan Markle	Prince Harry warns press about harassing girlfriend Meghan Markle	1
Prince Harry warns the press about harassing his girlfriend Meghan Markle	Prince Harry warns press about harassing girlfriend Meghan Markle.	1
Two former Christie allies found guilty on all counts in #Bridgegate trial	2 former Christie allies found guilty on all counts in Bridgegate trial	1
Two former Christie allies found guilty on all counts in #Bridgegate trial	Two former Christie allies found guilty on all counts in Bridgegate trial	1
Two former Christie allies found guilty on all counts in #Bridgegate trial	Two former Christie allies are found guilty on all counts in Bridgegate case	1
How Moscow Uses Interpol to Pursue Its Enemies	How Russia Uses Interpol to Pursue Its Enemies	1
How Moscow Uses Interpol to Pursue Its Enemies	How Moscow Uses Interpol to Pursue Its Opponents	1
How Moscow Uses Interpol to Pursue Its Enemies	How Moscow Uses Interpol to Pursue Its Enemies.	1
A German EU official reportedly referred to Chinese people as " slit-eyes " and " sly dogs " in a recent speech	A German EU official reportedly referred to Chinese people as " slit-eyes " and " sly dogs " in a recent speech.	1
A German EU official reportedly referred to Chinese people as " slit-eyes " and " sly dogs " in a recent speech	German EU Official reportedly referred to Chinese people as " slit-eyes " and " sly dogs " in recent speech	1
A German EU official reportedly referred to Chinese people as " slit-eyes " and " sly dogs " in a recent speech	German EU official reportedly referred to Chinese people as " slit-eyes " and " sly dogs " in a recent speech	1
A German EU official reportedly referred to Chinese people as " slit-eyes " and " sly dogs " in a recent speech	A German EU official reportedly referred to Chinese as'slit-eyes'and'sly dogs'in a recent speech.	1
THIS is the story of Election 2016	This is the story of the 2016 election	1
THIS is the story of Election 2016	THIS is the story of the 2016 election	1
With Trump's win Silicon Valley investors start losing their damn minds	With Trump's win Silicon Valley investors start losing their damn minds.	1
With Trump's win Silicon Valley investors start losing their damn minds	With Trump's victory Silicon Valley investors start losing their damn minds	1
All of your Election Day FAQs , answered	All of Your Election Day FAQs, Answered	1
The contrasts between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump were on vivid display in the campaign's last full day	The contrasts between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump were on vivid display at the campaign's last full day.	1
The contrasts between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump were on vivid display in the campaign's last full day	The contrasts between Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump were on vivid display in the campaign's last full day.	1
We've been tracking turnout in seven swing states all day . Follow our latest estimates here	Behold, we've been tracking turnout in seven swing states all day. Follow our latest estimates here.	1
We've been tracking turnout in seven swing states all day . Follow our latest estimates here	We've been tracking turnout in seven swing states all day. Follow our latest estimates here	1
We've been tracking turnout in seven swing states all day . Follow our latest estimates here	We've been tracking turnout in seven swing states all day long. Follow our latest estimates here.	1
Dems call for investigation on FBI leaks to Giuliani , Fox News .	Dems call for investigation into FBI leaks to Giuliani, Fox News	1
Donald Trump's victory , on front pages worldwide	Donald Trump's Victory, on Front Pages Worldwide	1
Everybody is sad when their side loses an election we have to remember that we're actually all on 1 team .	Everybody is sad when their side loses an election, but always remembers that we're actually all on the 1 team.	1
Everybody is sad when their side loses an election we have to remember that we're actually all on 1 team .	Everybody is sad when their side loses an election but we have to remember that we're actually all on 1 team.	1
Everybody is sad when their side loses an election we have to remember that we're actually all on 1 team .	Everyone is sad when their side loses an election, but we have to remember that we're actually all on 1 team.	1
Fuck you , you unfunny , arrogant garbage fire	Fuck you, you unfunny, arrogant garbage fire	1
Fuck you , you unfunny , arrogant garbage fire	Fuck, you unfunny, arrogant garbage fire	1
Here are the winners of The New York Times Best Illustrated Childrens Books Awards for 2016	These are the winners of The New York Times Best Illustrated Childrens Books Awards for 2016	1
3 days left to go until the #USElection Trump and Clinton are eyeing the battleground states	3 days to go until #USElection Trump and Clinton are eyeing the battleground states	1
State Department contractors detail how Clinton and her team ignored security rules	State Department contractors describe Clinton and her team ignored security rules	1
State Department contractors detail how Clinton and her team ignored security rules	State Department contractors detail how Clinton and her team ignored security rules.	1
offers " swifter UK border clearance " for Indian business travellers	offers " faster UK border clearance " for Indian business travellers	1
YouTube upgrades its comments system to give creators more control	Youtube Upgrades Comment System to Give Creators More Control	1
YouTube upgrades its comments system to give creators more control	YouTube changes its comment system to give creators more control	1
A madman has been given the keys to the surveillance state	A madman has been handed the keys to the surveillance state	1
A madman has been given the keys to the surveillance state	A madman has been given the keys to the surveillance state.	1
All the progress weve made is on the ballot	All the progress weve made is on the ballot.	1
All the progress weve made is on the ballot	All the progress weve made are on the ballot	1
All the progress weve made is on the ballot	All the progress weve made are on the ballot.	1
Nearly half of Americans didn't vote not even for Harambe	Nearly half of Americans didn't vote for Harambe.	1
It's time to ask Hillary's supporters How could you ?	It's time to ask Hillary's supporters How could you?	1
Bill Baroni ignored increasingly agitated messages from the Fort Lee mayor about " an urgent matter of public safety	Bill Baroni ignored increasingly agitated messages from the Fort Lee Mayor, saying'an urgent matter of public safety.	1
Bill Baroni ignored increasingly agitated messages from the Fort Lee mayor about " an urgent matter of public safety	Bill Baroni ignored increasingly agitated messages from Fort Lee Mayor about'an urgent matter of public safety.	1
Bill Baroni ignored increasingly agitated messages from the Fort Lee mayor about " an urgent matter of public safety	Bill Baroni ignored increasingly agitated messages from Fort Lee mayor about'an urgent matter of public safety	1
Bill Baroni ignored increasingly agitated messages from the Fort Lee mayor about " an urgent matter of public safety	Bill Baroni ignored increasingly agitated messages from Fort Lee Mayor about'an urgent matter of public safety	1
Bill Baroni ignored increasingly agitated messages from the Fort Lee mayor about " an urgent matter of public safety	Baroni ignored increasingly agitated messages from the Fort Lee Mayor about'an urgent matter of public safety.	1
So , I wrote about Trump and race . probably not what you think , tho .	So, I wrote about Trump and race. Most likely not what you think. Or maybe not.	1
So , I wrote about Trump and race . probably not what you think , tho .	I wrote about Trump and race. Maybe not what you think.	1
So , I wrote about Trump and race . probably not what you think , tho .	So I wrote about Trump and race. Most likely not what you think, tho.	1
So , I wrote about Trump and race . probably not what you think , tho .	So, I wrote about Trump and race. maybe not what you think, tho.	1
So , I wrote about Trump and race . probably not what you think , tho .	I wrote about Trump and race, probably not what you think, though.	1
So , I wrote about Trump and race . probably not what you think , tho .	So, I wrote about Trump and race. Probably not what you think, tho.	1
So , I wrote about Trump and race . probably not what you think , tho .	So, I wrote about Trump and Race. Probably Not What You Think, tho.	1
So , I wrote about Trump and race . probably not what you think , tho .	So I wrote about Trump and race. probably not what you think, tho.	1
So , I wrote about Trump and race . probably not what you think , tho .	So, I wrote about Trump and race. probably not what you think, tho.	1
So , I wrote about Trump and race . probably not what you think , tho .	So, I wrote about Trump and Race. Maybe Not What You Think, tho.	1
So , I wrote about Trump and race . probably not what you think , tho .	So I wrote about Trump and race. Maybe not what you think, tho.	1
So , I wrote about Trump and race . probably not what you think , tho .	So I wrote about Trump and race. Probably not what you think, tho.	1
So , I wrote about Trump and race . probably not what you think , tho .	So, I wrote about Trump and race. Probably Not What You Think, tho.	1
So , I wrote about Trump and race . probably not what you think , tho .	So I wrote about Trump and Race. Probably not what you think, tho.	1
So , I wrote about Trump and race . probably not what you think , tho .	So I wrote about Trump and Race. Maybe Not What You Think, tho.	1
So , I wrote about Trump and race . probably not what you think , tho .	I wrote about Trump and race. Probably not what you think, tho.	1
So , I wrote about Trump and race . probably not what you think , tho .	So I wrote about Trump and Race. Probably Not What You Think, tho.	1
So , I wrote about Trump and race . probably not what you think , tho .	I wrote about Trump and race. probably not what you think, tho.	1
Primo Toys rolls out Cubetto , a wooden robot that teaches kids to code	Primo Toys launches Cubetto, a wooden robot that teaches kids to code	1
Primo Toys rolls out Cubetto , a wooden robot that teaches kids to code	Prima Toys rolls out Cubetto, a wooden robot that teaches kids to code	1
Primo Toys rolls out Cubetto , a wooden robot that teaches kids to code	Primo Toys rolls out Cubetto, a wooden robot that teaches kids to code	1
An intriguing , totally not-recommended method for clearing your earwax	Another interesting, totally not-recommended method of clearing your earwax	1
An intriguing , totally not-recommended method for clearing your earwax	An intriguing, totally not-recommended method for clearing your earwax	1
An intriguing , totally not-recommended method for clearing your earwax	An interesting, totally not-recommended method for clearing earwax	1
An intriguing , totally not-recommended method for clearing your earwax	An intriguing, definitely not recommended method for clearing your earwax	1
An intriguing , totally not-recommended method for clearing your earwax	An intriguing, completely not-recommended method for clearing your earwax	1
An intriguing , totally not-recommended method for clearing your earwax	A fascinating, totally not-recommended method for clearing your earwax	1
An intriguing , totally not-recommended method for clearing your earwax	An intriguing, totally not-recommended method for clearing your earwax!	1
An intriguing , totally not-recommended method for clearing your earwax	An interesting, totally not-recommended method for clearing your earwax!	1
The number of women dying from cancer is expected to rise to 5.5 M by 2030 , that's roughly the population of Denmark	Women's cancer deaths expected to rise to 5.5 M by 2030. That's about the population of Denmark	1
The number of women dying from cancer is expected to rise to 5.5 M by 2030 , that's roughly the population of Denmark	The number of women dying from cancer is expected to increase to 5.5 million by 2030. That's roughly the population of Denmark	1
Wisconsin projected by ABC News for @realDonaldTrump .	WIsconsin projected by ABC News for realDonaldTrump	1
NYU professor who blasted PC culture is booted from classroom	NYU professor blasted PC culture is booted from the classroom	1
NYU professor who blasted PC culture is booted from classroom	NYU professor who blasted PC culture gets booted from classroom	1
NYU professor who blasted PC culture is booted from classroom	NYU Professor who blasted PC culture is booted from class.	1
NYU professor who blasted PC culture is booted from classroom	NYU professor who blasted PC culture is booted from classroom.	1
NYU professor who blasted PC culture is booted from classroom	NYU Professor who blasted PC culture is kicked out of class	1
New Delhi to close its schools for the first time ever because of air pollution	New Delhi to close its schools for the first time due to air pollution	1
Bud is a UK startup that wants to re-bundle all of your fintech apps into one fintech app	Bud, a UK startup, is a UK startup that wants to re-bundle all of your fintech apps into one fintech app	1
Someone hacked Trump's website and left a poop emoji on it	Someone hacked Trump's website and left a poop emoji on it.	1
I'm just a headline the bad president , the bad guy , who is killing the good guys	I'm just a headline the bad president, the bad guy, who is killing the good guys	1
I'm just a headline the bad president , the bad guy , who is killing the good guys	I'm just a headline about the bad President, the bad guy, who is killing the good guys	1
I'm just a headline the bad president , the bad guy , who is killing the good guys	I'm just a headline about the bad president, the bad guy, who is killing the good guys	1
I'm just a headline the bad president , the bad guy , who is killing the good guys	I'm just a headline " the bad President, the bad guy, who is killing the good guys	1
Donald Trump casts his ballot in the 2016 election .	Donald Trump casts his ballot in the 2016 election	1
Donald Trump casts his ballot in the 2016 election .	Trump casts his ballot at the 2016 presidential election	1
Donald Trump leading Hillary Clinton in electoral votes 245 to 218 as of 2:09 AM ET .	Donald Trump Leading Hillary Clinton in Electoral Votes 245 to 218 as of 2:09 AM ET	1
Donald Trump leading Hillary Clinton in electoral votes 245 to 218 as of 2:09 AM ET .	Trump Leading Clinton in Election Votes 245 to 218 As of 2:09 AM ET	1
New polls show a tight Clinton-Trump race nationally and in battleground states	New polls show tight Clinton-Trump race nationally and in battleground states	1
New polls show a tight Clinton-Trump race nationally and in battleground states	New polls show tight Clinton-Trump race nationally and in battlegrounds states	1
New polls show a tight Clinton-Trump race nationally and in battleground states	New polls show tight Clinton-Trump race nationally and in battlegrounds	1
Say what you will about Trump , the man is a consistent , persistent liar .	Say What You Will About Trump, the Man Is a Consistent, Persistent Liar	1
Say what you will about Trump , the man is a consistent , persistent liar .	Say what you will about Donald Trump, the man is a consistent, persistent liar	1
Say what you will about Trump , the man is a consistent , persistent liar .	Say What You Will About Trump, The Man Is a Consistent, Persistent Liar	1
Say what you will about Trump , the man is a consistent , persistent liar .	Say What You Will About Donald Trump, the Man Is a Consistent, Persistent Liar.	1
Say what you will about Trump , the man is a consistent , persistent liar .	Say What You Will About Trump, The Man Is a Consistent, Persistent liar	1
Say what you will about Trump , the man is a consistent , persistent liar .	Say What You Will About Trump, the Man Is a Consistency, Perseverent Liar	1
Say what you will about Trump , the man is a consistent , persistent liar .	Say what you will about Donald Trump, the man is a consistent, persistent liar.	1
Say what you will about Trump , the man is a consistent , persistent liar .	Say what you will about Trump, the man is a consistent, persistent liar	1
Why aren't we talking more about WHY Trump is getting away without releasing his taxes	Why Arent We Talking More About WHY Trump Is Getting Away Without Releasing His Tax Returns	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in 12 min.	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in 12 minutes	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	Hyperloop One Will Build The 1st Hyperloop System to Go From Dubai to Abu Dhabi in 12 Minutes	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	One will build the first hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in only twelve minutes	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	Hyperloop One Will Build the First Hyperloop System to Go From Dubai To Abu Dhabi in Just 12 Minutes	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	Hyperloop One Builds the First Hyperloop System That Will Take You From Dubai To Abu Dhabi in Only 12 Minutes	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in 12 mins	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in 12min	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in only twelve minutes	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	Hyperloop One Will Build the First Hyperloop System to Go From Dubai to Abu Dhabi in 12 Minutes	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in 12 min	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in 12 minutes.	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	Hyperloop One Will Build The First Hyperloop System To Go From Dubai to Abu Dhabi in 12 Minutes	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in 12 minutes	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in 12 mins	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	Hyperloop One Will Build the First Hyperloop System to Go From Dubai To Abu Dhabi In Just 12 Minutes	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in just twelve minutes	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in 12 minutes!	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in just twelve minutes	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	Hyperloop One Will Build The First Hyperloop System to Go From Dubai to Abu Dhabi In 12 Minutes	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in just 12 minutes	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	In 12 mins, Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	Hyperloop One Will Build the First Hyperloop System to Go From Dubai to Abu Dhabi In 12 Minutes	1
Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in twelve minutes	New Hyperloop One will build the first Hyperloop system to go from Dubai to Abu Dhabi in just 12 minutes	1
Donald Trump is speaking in Hersey , Pennsylvania . Watch CNN and @CNNgo	Donald Trump Is Speaking in Hersey, Pennsylvania. Watch CNN and CNN Go	1
In Rolling Stone defamation case , magazine and reporter ordered to pay $3 million	Rolling Stone defamation case, magazine and reporter ordered to pay $3 million	1
Need to pick an insurance plan ?	Need to pick an insurance plan?	1
Need to pick an insurance plan ?	Want to choose an insurance plan?	1
Two US service members killed fighting Taliban in Afghanistan	2 US soldiers killed fighting Taliban in Afghanistan	1
Two US service members killed fighting Taliban in Afghanistan	2 US service members killed fighting Taliban in Afghanistan	1
Two US service members killed fighting Taliban in Afghanistan	Two US service members were killed fighting Taliban in Afghanistan	1
We asked women in Saudi Arabia to tell us about their lives .	We asked women in Saudi Arabia to tell us about their lives.	1
They had inflated " Its a Girl " balloons . They wore white in honor of suffragists . Instead , Trump won the presidency	They had inflated " Its a Girl " balloons, they wore white in honor of the Suffragists. Instead Trump won the presidency!	1
They had inflated " Its a Girl " balloons . They wore white in honor of suffragists . Instead , Trump won the presidency	They had inflated " Its a Girl " balloons. They wore white in honor of suffragists. But instead Trump won.	1
They had inflated " Its a Girl " balloons . They wore white in honor of suffragists . Instead , Trump won the presidency	They had inflated'Its a Girl'balloons. They wore white in honor of suffragists. But Trump won the presidency	1
They had inflated " Its a Girl " balloons . They wore white in honor of suffragists . Instead , Trump won the presidency	They had inflated'Its a Girl'balloons. They wore white in honor of suffragists. Instead Trump won presidency	1
Casting notice goes out for new ' up-and-coming ' conservative news network	Casting Notice Goes Out for New'Up-and-coming'Conservative News Network	1
Casting notice goes out for new ' up-and-coming ' conservative news network	Casting notice goes out for new'up-and-coming'conservative news network	1
Casting notice goes out for new ' up-and-coming ' conservative news network	casting notice goes out for new'up-and-coming'conservative news network.	1
Casting notice goes out for new ' up-and-coming ' conservative news network	Casting notice goes out for new'up-and-coming'conservative news network.	1
I wanted to find out why the country was fragmenting . A correspondent takes stock of his divided homeland	Wanted to Find Out Why the Country Was Fragmenting. A correspondent takes stock of his divided homeland.	1
Iranians know everything they need to about U.S. politics . They watch " House of Cards .	Iranians Know Everything They Need to Know About US Politics. They Watch House of Cards.	1
Its not just on Election Day . Republicans are suppressing Americans votes now	Its Not Just on Election Day. Republicans Are Suppressing Americans Votes Now.	1
Its not just on Election Day . Republicans are suppressing Americans votes now	Its not just on Election Day. Republicans are suppressing Americans votes now	1
Its not just on Election Day . Republicans are suppressing Americans votes now	Its not just on Election Day. Republicans Are Stopping Americans Votes Now.	1
Trump's campaign staff took control of his Twitter account	Trumps campaign staff took control of his Twitter account	1
Trump's campaign staff took control of his Twitter account	Trump campaign staff take control of his Twitter account	1
Trump's campaign staff took control of his Twitter account	Trump's campaign staff took over his Twitter account	1
Trump's campaign staff took control of his Twitter account	Donald Trump's campaign staff took control of his Twitter account	1
Are there really hidden Donald Trump voters ?	Are There Really Hidden Donald Trump Voters?	1
the entire election has been worth it for this headline/photo com	The whole election was worth it for this headline/photo com	1
the entire election has been worth it for this headline/photo com	The total election has been worth it for this headline/photo com	1
the entire election has been worth it for this headline/photo com	The entire election was worth it for this headline/photo com.	1
the entire election has been worth it for this headline/photo com	The election has been worth it, for this headline/photo com	1
the entire election has been worth it for this headline/photo com	The election has been worth it for this headline/photo com	1
the entire election has been worth it for this headline/photo com	The Election Has Been Worth It For This Headline/Photo com	1
the entire election has been worth it for this headline/photo com	I think the whole election has been worth it for this headline/photo com	1
the entire election has been worth it for this headline/photo com	the whole election has been worth it for this headline/photo com	1
the entire election has been worth it for this headline/photo com	This election has been worth it for this headline/photo com	1
The @frugaltraveler takes on Brooklyn and finds its essence .	The @frugaltraveler takes on Brooklyn and finds its essence.	1
The @frugaltraveler takes on Brooklyn and finds its essence .	The #frugaltraveler takes on Brooklyn and finds its essence	1
The @frugaltraveler takes on Brooklyn and finds its essence .	The #frugaltraveler takes on Brooklyn and finds its essence.	1
The @frugaltraveler takes on Brooklyn and finds its essence .	The #frugaltraveler explores Brooklyn and finds its essence.	1
On edge about the election ? Two Princeton professors walk through your election anxiety	On Edge About the Election? Two Princeton Professors Walk Through Your Election Anxiety	1
What does a President-elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley ? Nothing very good .	What does a President-elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley? Nothing very good.	1
What does a President-elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley ? Nothing very good .	What does a President-Elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley? Nothing very good.	1
What does a President-elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley ? Nothing very good .	What does a President-elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley? Nothing very Good.	1
What does a President-elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley ? Nothing very good .	What does a President-elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley? Nothing very good	1
What does a President-elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley ? Nothing very good .	What Does a President-elect Trump Mean for Silicon Valley? Nothing very Good	1
What does a President-elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley ? Nothing very good .	What does a president-elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley? Nothing very good.	1
What does a President-elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley ? Nothing very good .	What Does a President-Elect Trump Mean for Silicon Valley? Nothing very Good.	1
What does a President-elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley ? Nothing very good .	What Does a President-Elect Trump Mean for Silicon Valley? Nothing very good.	1
What does a President-elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley ? Nothing very good .	What Does a President-elect Trump Mean for Silicon Valley? Nothing very good.	1
What does a President-elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley ? Nothing very good .	What Does a President-elect Trump Mean for Silicon Valley? Nothing Very Good.	1
What does a President-elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley ? Nothing very good .	What does a Trump presidency mean for Silicon Valley? Nothing very good.	1
What does a President-elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley ? Nothing very good .	What Does a President-Elect Trump Mean for Silicon Valley? Nothing Very Good.	1
What does a President-elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley ? Nothing very good .	What does a President-Elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley? Nothing very Good.	1
What does a President-elect Trump mean for Silicon Valley ? Nothing very good .	What Does a President-elect Trump Mean for Silicon Valley? Nothing very Good.	1
Harry Reid says FBI Director James Comey ' may have broken ' federal law	Harry Reid says FBI director James Comey'may have broken'federal law	1
Harry Reid says FBI Director James Comey ' may have broken ' federal law	Harry Reid says FBI director James Comey " may have broken " Federal Law.	1
Harry Reid says FBI Director James Comey ' may have broken ' federal law	Harry Reid says FBI director James Comey'may have broken'federal law.	1
Harry Reid says FBI Director James Comey ' may have broken ' federal law	Harry Reid says FBI Director James Comey'may have broken'federal law.	1
Harry Reid says FBI Director James Comey ' may have broken ' federal law	Harry Reid says FBI Director James Comey'may have broken'federal law	1
She doesn't care about us Sanders supporter goes off-script at event for Hillary Clinton	She does not care about us Sanders supporter goes off-script at event for Hillary Clinton	1
Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad says he plans to stay in power until term ends in 2021 New York Times	Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad says he is staying in power until his term ends in 2021 NY Times	1
Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad says he plans to stay in power until term ends in 2021 New York Times	Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad says he will stay in power, until term ends in 2021 New York Times	1
Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad says he plans to stay in power until term ends in 2021 New York Times	Syrian president Bashar Al-Assad says he will remain in power until his term expires in 2021 New York Times	1
Even a modest drop-off in black turnout in NC could represent Clintons margin of defeat .	Even a modest drop-off in black turnout in NC could represent Clintons margin of defeat	1
Even a modest drop-off in black turnout in NC could represent Clintons margin of defeat .	Even a modest drop in black turnout in NC could represent Clintons margin of defeat.	1
Even a modest drop-off in black turnout in NC could represent Clintons margin of defeat .	Even a modest drop-off in black turnout in NC could represent a margin of defeat for Hillary Clinton.	1
Even a modest drop-off in black turnout in NC could represent Clintons margin of defeat .	Even a modest drop in Black turnout in NC could represent Clintons margin of defeat.	1
Even a modest drop-off in black turnout in NC could represent Clintons margin of defeat .	Even a modest drop-off in black turnout in NC could represent Clintons margin of defeat.	1
Even a modest drop-off in black turnout in NC could represent Clintons margin of defeat .	Even a modest drop-off in black turnout in NC could represent Hillary Clintons margin of defeat.	1
He's just pissed he didn't get to tag along to Red Lobster with em afterwards	He's just pissed he didn't get to tag along with em at Red Lobster afterwards.	1
James Comey " committed a serious error with potentially severe implications .	James Comey'committed a serious error with potentially severe implications.	1
James Comey " committed a serious error with potentially severe implications .	James Comey'commits a serious error with potentially severe implications.	1
reacted to the FBIs decision on the latest review of #Clinton emails .	Reacted to the FBIs Decision on the Latest Review of @Clinton Emails	1
reacted to the FBIs decision on the latest review of #Clinton emails .	reacted to FBI's decision on the latest review of 'Clinton Emails	1
reacted to the FBIs decision on the latest review of #Clinton emails .	reacted to the FBIs decision on the latest review of #Clinton emails.	1
The Justice Department has a warrant to review emails of Huma Abedin , a top Hillary Clinton aide	The Justice Department has a warrant to review the emails of the top Hillary Clinton aide, Huma Abedin.	1
The Justice Department has a warrant to review emails of Huma Abedin , a top Hillary Clinton aide	Justice Department has a warrant to review emails by Huma Abedin, top Clinton aide	1
Controversial Dem operative ' close ' to Clinton campaign boss , email claims	Controversial Dem operative'close'to Clinton campaign boss, email claims	1
Controversial Dem operative ' close ' to Clinton campaign boss , email claims	Controversial Dem operative'close'to Clinton campaign boss email claims	1
Do studies show that soft drinks promote obesity and Type 2 diabetes ? It depends on who paid for the study .	Do studies show that soft drinks promote obesity and type 2 diabetes? It depends on who paid for the study.	1
Do studies show that soft drinks promote obesity and Type 2 diabetes ? It depends on who paid for the study .	Do studies show that soft drinks promote obesity and Type 2 diabetes? Depends on who paid for the study.	1
Do studies show that soft drinks promote obesity and Type 2 diabetes ? It depends on who paid for the study .	Do studies show that soft drinks promote obesity and Type 2 diabetes? It depends on who paid for the study.	1
Do studies show that soft drinks promote obesity and Type 2 diabetes ? It depends on who paid for the study .	Do Studies Show That Soft Drinks Promote Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes? It Depends on Who Paid for the Study.	1
Do studies show that soft drinks promote obesity and Type 2 diabetes ? It depends on who paid for the study .	Does research show that soft drinks cause obesity and Type 2 diabetes? It depends on who paid for the study.	1
Do studies show that soft drinks promote obesity and Type 2 diabetes ? It depends on who paid for the study .	Study Shows That Soft Drinks Promote Obesity and Type 2 Diabetes? It Depends on Who Paid for the Study.	1
Do studies show that soft drinks promote obesity and Type 2 diabetes ? It depends on who paid for the study .	Do studies show that soft drinks promote obesity and Type 2 diabetes? It depends who paid for the study.	1
Do studies show that soft drinks promote obesity and Type 2 diabetes ? It depends on who paid for the study .	Do studies show that soft drinks promote obesity and type 2 diabetes? It depends who paid for the study.	1
Do studies show that soft drinks promote obesity and Type 2 diabetes ? It depends on who paid for the study .	Did researchers find evidence that soft drinks promote obesity and type 2 diabetes? It depends who paid for the study.	1
It took guts for Director Comey to make the move that he made	It took guts for director Comey to make the move he made	1
It took guts for Director Comey to make the move that he made	It Takes Guts for Director Comey to Make the Move That He Made	1
It took guts for Director Comey to make the move that he made	It took guts for Director Comey to make the move he made	1
Who will protect the Constitution ? Clinton , amendment by amendment	Who Will Protect the Constitution? Clinton, By Amendment	1
Who will protect the Constitution ? Clinton , amendment by amendment	Who Will Protect the Constitution? Clinton, Amendment by Amendment	1
Who will protect the Constitution ? Clinton , amendment by amendment	Who Will Protect the Constitution? Clinton, Amendment by Amendment.	1
Who will protect the Constitution ? Clinton , amendment by amendment	Who Will Protect the Constitution? Clinton, by amendment	1
Hacked emails show that Donna Brazile shared questions for candidate events with Hillary Clintons campaign	Hacked Emails Show Brazile Shared Questions for Candidate Events With Hillary Clintons Campaign	1
Hacked emails show that Donna Brazile shared questions for candidate events with Hillary Clintons campaign	Hacked Emails Show That Donna Brazile Shared Questions For Candidate Events With Clintons Campaign	1
Beyonc's backup dancers even wore blue pantsuits , la Hillary Clinton Photo by @dougmillsnyt	Beyonc's backup dancers even wore blue pantsuits, la Hillary Clinton Picture by DougmillsNyt	1
Trump is making a final push in Scranton , PA	Trump is making a final push in Scranton, PA.	1
Trump is making a final push in Scranton , PA	Trump making a final push in Scranton, PA	1
Trump is making a final push in Scranton , PA	Trump is making a final push in Scranton, PA	1
Nevada judge denies Trump campaign request to separate early voting ballots	Nevada Judge Denies Trump Request to Separate Early Vote Ballots	1
Nevada judge denies Trump campaign request to separate early voting ballots	Nevada judge denies Trump campaign request to separate early voting ballots.	1
Nevada judge denies Trump campaign request to separate early voting ballots	A Nevada judge denies Trump's request to separate early voting ballots	1
Harvard cancels rest of mens soccer season over lewd ratings of female players	Harvard University cancels men's soccer season over lewd ratings of female players	1
Harvard cancels rest of mens soccer season over lewd ratings of female players	Harvard cancels men's soccer season over lewd ratings of female players	1
Harvard cancels rest of mens soccer season over lewd ratings of female players	Harvard pulls out of mens soccer season over lewd ratings of female players	1
Harvard cancels rest of mens soccer season over lewd ratings of female players	Harvard cancels rest of men's soccer season over lewd ratings of female players	1
Trump International Hotel & amp ; Tower Toronto placed into receivership by a bankruptcy judge	Trump International Hotel & Tower Toronto placed in receivership by a bankruptcy judge	1
Trump International Hotel & amp ; Tower Toronto placed into receivership by a bankruptcy judge	Trump International Hotel & Tower Toronto placed into receivership by bankruptcy judge	1
What happened when I tried to document why Trump was taken off stage by Secret Service agents	What Happened When I Attempted to Document Why Trump Was Taken Off Stage by Secret Service Agents	1
What happened when I tried to document why Trump was taken off stage by Secret Service agents	What Happened When I Attempted to Document Why Trump Was Abducted Off Stage By Secret Service Agents	1
What happened when I tried to document why Trump was taken off stage by Secret Service agents	What Happened When I Documented Why Trump Was Taken Off Stage By Secret Service Agents	1
What happened when I tried to document why Trump was taken off stage by Secret Service agents	What Happened When I Attempted to Document Why Trump Was Taken Off Stage by Secret Service Agents.	1
What happened when I tried to document why Trump was taken off stage by Secret Service agents	What Happened When I Attempted to Document Why Trump Was Taken Off Stage By Secret Service Agents	1
What happened when I tried to document why Trump was taken off stage by Secret Service agents	What Happened When I Documented Why Trump Was Abducted Off Stage by Secret Service Agents	1
What happened when I tried to document why Trump was taken off stage by Secret Service agents	What Happened When I Documented Why Donald Trump Was Taken Off Stage by Secret Service Agents	1
gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; Culinary union political director .	gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; Culinary Union political director.	1
gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; Culinary union political director .	Gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; Culinary Union political director.	1
gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; Culinary union political director .	gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; Culinary Union Political Director.	1
gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; Culinary union political director .	gt ; gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; Culinary Union Political Director.	1
gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; Culinary union political director .	Gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; Culinary Union Political Director.	1
gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; Culinary union political director .	gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; Culinary Union Political Director.	1
1 deputy killed , another wounded in shooting in Peach County , Ga . suspect in custody	1 Peach County, Ga deputy killed, 1 wounded in shooting. suspect in custody	1
1 deputy killed , another wounded in shooting in Peach County , Ga . suspect in custody	1 Peach County, Ga deputy killed, another wounded in shooting. suspect in custody	1
Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president , as of 9:40 p.m. ET	Donald Trump Has a 55% Chance of Getting President, As of 9:40p.m. EDT	1
Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president , as of 9:40 p.m. ET	Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president as of 9:40 p.m. ET.	1
Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president , as of 9:40 p.m. ET	As of 9:40 p.m. ET, Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming President.	1
Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president , as of 9:40 p.m. ET	As of 9:40 p.m. ET, Trump has a 55% chance of being president.	1
Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president , as of 9:40 p.m. ET	Donald Trump has a 55% chance of being president as of 9:40 p.m. ET.	1
Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president , as of 9:40 p.m. ET	Trump has a 55% chance of being president, as of 9:40 p.m. ET.	1
Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president , as of 9:40 p.m. ET	Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president, at 9:40 p.m. ET	1
Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president , as of 9:40 p.m. ET	Trump has 55% chance of becoming president as of 9:40 p.m. ET	1
Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president , as of 9:40 p.m. ET	As of 9:40 p.m. ET, Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president	1
Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president , as of 9:40 p.m. ET	Donald Trump Has a 55% Chance of Becoming President, As of 9:40 p.m. ET	1
Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president , as of 9:40 p.m. ET	Donald Trump Has a 55% Chance of Being President, as of 9:40 p.m. ET	1
Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president , as of 9:40 p.m. ET	Trump has 55% chance of becoming president, as of 9:40 p.m. ET.	1
Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president , as of 9:40 p.m. ET	Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president, as of 9:40 p.m. ET	1
Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president , as of 9:40 p.m. ET	Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president, as of 9:40 p.m. ET.	1
Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president , as of 9:40 p.m. ET	Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president, as of 9:40 p.m. ET	1
Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president , as of 9:40 p.m. ET	Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president, as of 9:40 p.m. ET.	1
Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president , as of 9:40 p.m. ET	Donald Trump Has a 55% Chance of Being President, As of 9:40 p.m. ET	1
Donald Trump has a 55% chance of becoming president , as of 9:40 p.m. ET	Donald Trump Has a 55% Chance of Becoming President, as of 9:40 p.m. ET	1
After more than 2 years without a president , Lebanon finally has one	After more than 2 years without a president, Lebanon finally has a president	1
After more than 2 years without a president , Lebanon finally has one	After more than 2 years without a president, Lebanon finally has one!	1
After more than 2 years without a president , Lebanon finally has one	After more than 2 years without a president, Lebanese finally has one	1
After more than 2 years without a president , Lebanon finally has one	After more than 2 years without a president, Lebanon finally has one	1
CNN scheduled more than a dozen rehearsals for election night with a 25-person on-air team	CNN has set more than a dozen rehearsals for election night with a 25-person on-air team	1
CNN scheduled more than a dozen rehearsals for election night with a 25-person on-air team	CNN Schedules More Than a dozen Election Night Rehearsals with a 25-Man On-Air Team	1
CNN scheduled more than a dozen rehearsals for election night with a 25-person on-air team	CNN schedules more than a dozen rehearsals for election night with a 25-person on-air team	1
CNN scheduled more than a dozen rehearsals for election night with a 25-person on-air team	CNN schedules more than a dozen rehearsals for election night, with a 25-person on-air team.	1
Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta at Javits Center They're still counting votes . everybody should head home	Clinton Campaign Chairman John Podesta at Javits Center They're still counting votes. everybody should head home	1
FBI sends letter to Congress saying email review completed , decision not to prosecute Clinton stands	FBI sends letter to Congress saying email review completed, decision not to prosecute Clinton stands	1
FBI sends letter to Congress saying email review completed , decision not to prosecute Clinton stands	FBI Sends Letter to Congress Says E-Mail Review Complete, Decision Not to Prosecute Clinton Stands	1
Obama on Trump If your closest advisors dont trust you to tweet , how can you trust him with the nuclear codes .	Obama on Trump: If Your Close Advisors Dont Trust You to Tweet, How Can You Trust Him With the Nuclear Codes?	1
Obama on Trump If your closest advisors dont trust you to tweet , how can you trust him with the nuclear codes .	Obama on Trump: If Your Close Advisors Dont Trust You to Tweet, How Can You Trust Him With the Nuclear Codes	1
Emotions run high in the final days of the campaign	In the final days of the campaign, emotions run high	1
Emotions run high in the final days of the campaign	Emotions run high in final days of the campaign.	1
Emotions run high in the final days of the campaign	Emotions run high in final days of the campaign	1
Emotions run high in the final days of the campaign	Emotions Run High In Final Days of the Campaign	1
Emotions run high in the final days of the campaign	Emotions Run High in Final Days of the Campaign	1
Emotions run high in the final days of the campaign	Emotions Run High In The Final Days of the Campaign.	1
A look back at 41 U.S. presidential elections as covered by The New York Times .	A look back at 41 U.S. presidential elections covered by The New York Times	1
A look back at 41 U.S. presidential elections as covered by The New York Times .	A look at the 41 US presidential elections, covered by The New York Times	1
A look back at 41 U.S. presidential elections as covered by The New York Times .	A look back at 41 US presidential elections in the US as covered by The New York Times	1
In a knowledge economy corporate learning is necessary to survive	In a Knowledge Economy, Corporate Learning Is Needed to Survive	1
In a knowledge economy corporate learning is necessary to survive	In a knowledge economy, corporate learning is necessary to survive	1
In a knowledge economy corporate learning is necessary to survive	In a Knowledge Economy, Corporate Learning Is Critical to Succeeding	1
In a knowledge economy corporate learning is necessary to survive	In a Knowledge Economy, Enterprise Learning is necessary to survive	1
In a knowledge economy corporate learning is necessary to survive	In a Knowledge Economy, Corporate Learning Is Necessary to Survive.	1
In a knowledge economy corporate learning is necessary to survive	In a knowledge economy, corporate learning is needed to survive	1
In a knowledge economy corporate learning is necessary to survive	In a Knowledge Economy, corporate learning is needed to survive	1
In a knowledge economy corporate learning is necessary to survive	In a Knowledge Economy, Corporate Learning Is Important to Survive	1
In a knowledge economy corporate learning is necessary to survive	In a Knowledge Economy, Corporate Learning Is Essential to Survive	1
In a knowledge economy corporate learning is necessary to survive	In a Knowledge Economy, corporate learning is necessary to survive.	1
In a knowledge economy corporate learning is necessary to survive	In a knowledge economy, corporate learning is necessary to survive.	1
In a knowledge economy corporate learning is necessary to survive	In a Knowledge Economy, Corporate Learning Is Required to Survive	1
In a knowledge economy corporate learning is necessary to survive	In a knowledge economy, corporate learning is necessary to survive,	1
In a knowledge economy corporate learning is necessary to survive	In a knowledge economy, enterprise learning is needed to survive	1
In a knowledge economy corporate learning is necessary to survive	In a Knowledge Economy, corporate learning is necessary to survive	1
In a knowledge economy corporate learning is necessary to survive	In a Knowledge Economy, corporate learning is essential to survival	1
I hope he will be a successful President for all Americans makes her concession speech	I hope he will be a successful President for all Americans''she makes her concession speech	1
Donald Trump on GOP chairman Reince is really a star	Trump on Republican chairman reince is really a star	1
Donald Trump on GOP chairman Reince is really a star	Trump on GOP chairman Reince is really a star.	1
The Donald Trump who won this campaign is far scarier than the one who began it	Donald Trump, Who Won This Campaign, Is Far Scarier Than the One That Started It	1
The Donald Trump who won this campaign is far scarier than the one who began it	The Donald Trump Who Won This Campaign Is Far Scarier Than the One Who Begin It	1
The Donald Trump who won this campaign is far scarier than the one who began it	Trump who won this campaign is far scarier than the one who began it	1
Clinton concession speech expected soon , you can watch here	Clinton concession speech expected soon, you can watch here	1
Clinton concession speech expected soon , you can watch here	Clinton concession speech is expected soon, you can watch here	1
Clinton concession speech expected soon , you can watch here	Clinton concession speech expected soon, you can see here	1
Clinton concession speech expected soon , you can watch here	Clinton Concession Speech Expected Soon, You can watch Here	1
Clinton concession speech expected soon , you can watch here	Clinton Concession Speech Expected Soon, You can Watch Here	1
Clinton concession speech expected soon , you can watch here	Clinton concession speech expected soon you can watch here	1
Clinton concession speech expected soon , you can watch here	Clinton concession speech expected to be released soon, you can watch here	1
Black riders wait 30% longer overall for an UberX to arrive , a new study shows	Black Riders Wait 30% Longer for Uber X to Arrive, Study Shows	1
Here is Donald Trump keeping an eye on Melania as she votes .	Here Is Donald Trump Keeping an Eye on Melania Trump as She Votes	1
Here is Donald Trump keeping an eye on Melania as she votes .	Here's Donald Trump Watching Melania as She Votes	1
Is there anything cuter than these tiny NICU babies wearing #Halloween costumes ?	Is There Anything Cuter Than These Little NICU Babies Wearing Halloween Costumes?	1
Is there anything cuter than these tiny NICU babies wearing #Halloween costumes ?	Is there anything cuter than these little NICU babies wearing halloween costumes?	1
The economy created 161,000 jobs last month . That figure , the last before the election , suggests a healthy outlook .	The economy created 161,000 jobs last month, and the last before the election suggests a healthy outlook.	1
Clinton and her team saw untapped potential in the 27 million Hispanics who would be eligible to vote in 2016	Hillary Clinton and her team saw untapped potential in the 27 million Hispanics who would be eligible to vote in 2016.	1
Clinton and her team saw untapped potential in the 27 million Hispanics who would be eligible to vote in 2016	. Clinton and her team saw untapped potential in the 27 million Hispanics who would be eligible to vote in 2016.	1
Clinton and her team saw untapped potential in the 27 million Hispanics who would be eligible to vote in 2016	Hillary Clinton and her team saw untapped potential in the 27 million Hispanics who would be eligible to vote in 2016	1
Clinton and her team saw untapped potential in the 27 million Hispanics who would be eligible to vote in 2016	Clinton and her team saw untapped potential in 27 million Hispanics who would be eligible to vote in 2016	1
Most Expensive Thing on Californias Ballot A One-Cent Soda Tax	A One-Cent Soda Tax Is the Most Expensive Thing on Californias Ballot	1
Most Expensive Thing on Californias Ballot A One-Cent Soda Tax	The Most Expensive Thing on Californias Ballot A One-Cent Soda Tax	1
2 Americans killed outside Jordan air base	2 US killed outside Jordan air base	1
What a difference an " r " makes fact-checks Donald Trump's tweet	What a difference an'r'makes fact-checks Donald Trump'tweet	1
A senior law enforcement official tells CNN We went through this as fast as we could	The top law enforcement official told CNN " We went through this as fast as we could	1
A senior law enforcement official tells CNN We went through this as fast as we could	A top law enforcement official told CNN We went through this as fast as we could.	1
A senior law enforcement official tells CNN We went through this as fast as we could	A top law enforcement official tells CNN " We went through this as quickly as we could	1
A senior law enforcement official tells CNN We went through this as fast as we could	Senior law enforcement official tells CNN: "We went through this as fast as we could	1
A senior law enforcement official tells CNN We went through this as fast as we could	A top law enforcement official tells CNN " we went through this as fast as we could" @CNN	1
A senior law enforcement official tells CNN We went through this as fast as we could	A senior law enforcement official tells CNN: "We went through this as fast as we could.	1
A senior law enforcement official tells CNN We went through this as fast as we could	A senior law enforcement official tells CNN We went through this as fast as we could.	1
A senior law enforcement official tells CNN We went through this as fast as we could	A senior law enforcement official told CNN: "We went through this as fast as we could.	1
Here Is What Donald Trump Wants To Do In His First 100 Days	This Is What Donald Trump Wants To Do In His First 100 Days.	1
Here Is What Donald Trump Wants To Do In His First 100 Days	What Donald Trump Wants To Do In His First 100 Days	1
Don't forget about down ballot voting .	Don't forget about down ballot voting.	1
Don't forget about down ballot voting .	Don't forget about Down-Ballot Voting.	1
California , Massachusetts , and Nevada legalize recreational marijuana	Nevada, Massachusetts, and California legalize marijuana for recreational use	1
No , you cant text your vote . But these fake ads tell Clinton supporters to do just that .	No, You Cant Text Vote. But These Fake Ads Tell Clinton Supporters to Do Just That	1
No , you cant text your vote . But these fake ads tell Clinton supporters to do just that .	No You Can't Text Your Vote. But These Fake Ads Tell Clinton Supporters To Do Just That	1
No , you cant text your vote . But these fake ads tell Clinton supporters to do just that .	No. You can't text your vote. But these fake ads tell Clinton supporters to do just that.	1
Microsoft open sources its next-gen cloud hardware design	Microsoft Open Sources Its Next-Generation Cloud Hardware Design	1
Bob Dylan won the Nobel Prize in Literature . But in science , the times they arent a-changin ' .	Bob Dylan won Nobel Prize in Literature, but in science the times they arent a-changin '.	1
Bill Clinton has become a peripheral player in his wife's campaign	Bill Clinton is a peripheral player in his wife's campaign	1
How combined human and computer intelligence will redefine jobs	How Combining Human and Computer Intelligence Will Redesign Jobs	1
The suspect in the " ambush " killings of 2 Iowa police officers was described as a troubled loner	The suspect in the'ambush'killings of 2 Iowa police officers was described as a troubled loner	1
The suspect in the " ambush " killings of 2 Iowa police officers was described as a troubled loner	The suspect in the " ambush " killings of 2 Iowa police officers was described as a troubled loner.	1
What Tesla's new Gigafactory means for electric vehicles	Look at what Tesla's new Gigafactory means for electric vehicles.	1
Wider recognition for New York's chopped cheese sandwich has come with a side of controversy	More acceptance for NYC's Chopped Cheese Sandwich Has Come With a Side of Controversy	1
Story doesnt say that . Says investigators believe its likely .	Story Doesnt Say That. Says Investigators Believe Its Possible	1
Colombia is hit hard by the Zika virus , but not by microcephaly	Colombia, hit hard by Zika virus, but not by microcephaly	1
Colombia is hit hard by the Zika virus , but not by microcephaly	Colombia is hit hard by the Zika virus, but not by microcephaly	1
Colombia is hit hard by the Zika virus , but not by microcephaly	Colombians hit hard by Zika virus, but not by microcephaly	1
Former Miss Universe Alicia Machado Trump " told me that I looked ugly " and called me names	former Miss Universe Alicia Machado Trump'said I looked ugly'and called me names	1
Former Miss Universe Alicia Machado Trump " told me that I looked ugly " and called me names	Former Miss Universe Alicia Machado Trump told me I looked ugly and called me names	1
Former Miss Universe Alicia Machado Trump " told me that I looked ugly " and called me names	Ex- Miss Universe Alicia Machado Trump'told me that I looked ugly'and called me names	1
Former Miss Universe Alicia Machado Trump " told me that I looked ugly " and called me names	Ex-Miss Universe Alicia Machado Trump " told me that I looked ugly " and called me names	1
Former Miss Universe Alicia Machado Trump " told me that I looked ugly " and called me names	Miss Universe Alicia Machado Trump said " I looked ugly " and called me names.	1
And here are your plummeting stock futures .	And here are your plummeting stock futures.	1
And here are your plummeting stock futures .	Here are your plummeting stock futures	1
And here are your plummeting stock futures .	So here are your plunging stock futures.	1
Rolling Stone was found liable for defamation over a piece on a gang rape accusation at the University of Virginia	Rolling Stone is liable for defamation over a piece on a gang rape accusation at the University of Virginia	1
Rolling Stone was found liable for defamation over a piece on a gang rape accusation at the University of Virginia	Rolling Stone was found liable for defamation over a piece on a gang rape accusation at the University of Virginia.	1
Rolling Stone was found liable for defamation over a piece on a gang rape accusation at the University of Virginia	Rolling Stone found liable for defamation over piece on gang rape accusation at the University of Virginia	1
Women who survived Boko Haram violence were raped by officials at the camps where they sought safety , report says	Women who survived Boko Haram violence were raped by officials at the camps where they sought safety, report says.	1
Women who survived Boko Haram violence were raped by officials at the camps where they sought safety , report says	Women who survived Boko Haram violence were sexually assaulted by government officials at the camps where they sought safety, report says	1
Women who survived Boko Haram violence were raped by officials at the camps where they sought safety , report says	Women survivors of Boko Haram violence were sexually assaulted by government officials at the camps where they sought safety, report says	1
Women who survived Boko Haram violence were raped by officials at the camps where they sought safety , report says	Women who survived Boko Haram violence were raped by officials at camps where they sought safety, report says	1
Women who survived Boko Haram violence were raped by officials at the camps where they sought safety , report says	Women survivors of Boko Haram violence were raped by officials at the camps where they sought safety, a new report says.	1
Women who survived Boko Haram violence were raped by officials at the camps where they sought safety , report says	Women who survived Boko Haram violence were raped by officials at camps where they sought safety, report says.	1
Women who survived Boko Haram violence were raped by officials at the camps where they sought safety , report says	Women who survived Boko Haram violence were raped by officials at the camps where they sought safety, a report says.	1
An " avalanche of evidence " may now bury @HillaryClinton	An avalanche of evidence may now bury @HillaryClinton	1
An " avalanche of evidence " may now bury @HillaryClinton	An avalanche of evidence may now bury #HillaryClinton	1
An " avalanche of evidence " may now bury @HillaryClinton	An "avalanche of evidence" may now bury @HillaryClinton.	1
Donald Trump's website wasn't hacked with a poop emoji . But you * can * leave a poop emoji on it !	Trump's site wasn't hacked with a poop emoji. But you can leave a poop emoji on it!	1
Rudy Giuliani on FBI probe I haven't spoken to any " current FBI agents	Rudy Giuliani on FBI probe " I haven't spoken to any " current FBI agents	1
Rudy Giuliani on FBI probe I haven't spoken to any " current FBI agents	Giuliani on FBI probe I haven't spoken to any'current'FBI agents	1
Rudy Giuliani on FBI probe I haven't spoken to any " current FBI agents	Rudy Giuliani on FBI probe I havent spoken to any " current FBI agents	1
The real election surprise ? The uprising of the American people	The real election surprise? The uprising of the American people	1
The real election surprise ? The uprising of the American people	The real election surprise was the uprising of the American people	1
The real election surprise ? The uprising of the American people	The real surprise of the election? The uprising of the American people.	1
The real election surprise ? The uprising of the American people	The real election surprise? The uprising of the American people.	1
The real election surprise ? The uprising of the American people	The real election surprise: The uprising of the American people.	1
The real election surprise ? The uprising of the American people	The Real Election Surprise? The Uprising of the American People	1
The real election surprise ? The uprising of the American people	The real election surprise? The uprising of the Americans.	1
The real election surprise ? The uprising of the American people	The real election surprise? The uprising of the Americans	1
The real MVP of the World Series ? That guy sitting next to @sarahlyall at the bar .	The true MVP of the World Series? That guy sitting next to @sarahlyall at the bar.	1
The real MVP of the World Series ? That guy sitting next to @sarahlyall at the bar .	The Real MVP of the World Series? That guy at the bar next to @sarahlyall.	1
The real MVP of the World Series ? That guy sitting next to @sarahlyall at the bar .	The real MVP of the World Series: That guy sitting next to @sarahlyall in the bar	1
Think this is an admission that the billion dollar loss he claimed was other people's money .	Think this is an admission that the billion dollar loss he claimed was other peoples money.	1
Think this is an admission that the billion dollar loss he claimed was other people's money .	Think this is an admission that the billion dollar loss he claimed was other people's money?	1
Think this is an admission that the billion dollar loss he claimed was other people's money .	Think this is an admission that the billion dollar loss he claimed was other people's money.	1
Workers at Clinton party emptied confetti cannons that had pieces to imitate shattered glass	Workers in the Clinton party emptied confetti cannons that had pieces to imitate shattered glass.	1
Workers at Clinton party emptied confetti cannons that had pieces to imitate shattered glass	Workers at the Clinton Party emptied confetti cannons that had pieces to imitate shattered glass.	1
Workers at Clinton party emptied confetti cannons that had pieces to imitate shattered glass	Workers at the Clinton Party emptied Confetti Cannons that had pieces to imitate Shattered Glass	1
Workers at Clinton party emptied confetti cannons that had pieces to imitate shattered glass	Workers at #Clinton Party emptied confetti cannons that had pieces to imitate shattered glass.	1
Workers at Clinton party emptied confetti cannons that had pieces to imitate shattered glass	Workers at #Clinton Party emptied confetti cannons that had pieces to imitate shattered glass	1
Workers at Clinton party emptied confetti cannons that had pieces to imitate shattered glass	Workers at the Clinton party emptied confetti cannons that had pieces to imitate shattered glass	1
KKK Paper Endorses Trump ; Campaign Calls Outlet ' Repulsive	KKK Paper endorses Donald Trump. Campaign calls outlet'repulsive	1
KKK Paper Endorses Trump ; Campaign Calls Outlet ' Repulsive	KKK Paper endorses Trump ; Campaign Calls Outlet'repulsive	1
The artist responsible for Obamas 2008 ' Hope ' poster wont create one for Hillary Clinton	The artist responsible for Obamas 2008 " Hope " poster won't create one for Hillary Clinton	1
The artist responsible for Obamas 2008 ' Hope ' poster wont create one for Hillary Clinton	The Artist Responsible for Obamas 2008  Hope'Poster Wont Create One for Clinton	1
The artist responsible for Obamas 2008 ' Hope ' poster wont create one for Hillary Clinton	The artist responsible for Obamas 2008'Hope'poster wont create one for Hillary Clinton	1
Justice Clarence Thomas set a record by asking no questions for more than a decade . 2 interviewers got him talking .	Clarence Thomas set a record by asking no questions for more than a decade, and 2 interviewers got him talking.	1
This is what is happening to America . This guy knows full well he's making it up .	This is what is happening to America, this guy knows full well he's making up	1
This is what is happening to America . This guy knows full well he's making it up .	This is what is happening to America. This guy knows full well he's making it up.	1
This is what is happening to America . This guy knows full well he's making it up .	All this really is happening to America. This guy knows full well he's making it up.	1
This is what is happening to America . This guy knows full well he's making it up .	This is what's happening to America This guy knows full well he's making up	1
This is what is happening to America . This guy knows full well he's making it up .	This Is What's Happening in America. This Guy Knows Full Well He's Making It Up.	1
This is what is happening to America . This guy knows full well he's making it up .	This Is What is Happening to America. This Guy Knows Full Well He's Making It Up.	1
This is what is happening to America . This guy knows full well he's making it up .	This is what's happening to America. This guy knows full well he's making it up.	1
Paris is the new Calais , with dozens of migrants arriving each day .	Paris is the new Calais, with dozens of migrants arriving each day.	1
Paris is the new Calais , with dozens of migrants arriving each day .	Paris is the new Calais, with dozens of migrants arriving daily.	1
Paris is the new Calais , with dozens of migrants arriving each day .	Paris is the new Calais with dozens of migrants arriving each day.	1
Paris is the new Calais , with dozens of migrants arriving each day .	Paris is the new Calais with dozens of migrants arriving daily.	1
Paris is the new Calais , with dozens of migrants arriving each day .	Paris is the new Calais, with dozens of migrants arriving every day.	1
Clinton will win 3 of Maines 4 electoral votes ; Trump receives 1 , CNN projects	Hillary Clinton Will Win 3 of Maines 4 Electoral Votes, Trump Receives 1 CNN Projects	1
Clinton will win 3 of Maines 4 electoral votes ; Trump receives 1 , CNN projects	Clinton Won 3 of Maines 4 Electoral Votes, Trump Receives 1, CNN Projects	1
Google will display election results as soon as polls close	Google to display election results as soon as polls close	1
Google will display election results as soon as polls close	Google will display election results as soon as polls close.	1
Google will display election results as soon as polls close	Google is making a move to display election results as soon as polls close.	1
7 new carcinogens identified by Dept . of Health and Human Services	7 New Carcinogens Identified by Health and Human Services Department	1
7 new carcinogens identified by Dept . of Health and Human Services	7 new carcinogens announced by Health & Human Services Department	1
First he married me , then he blackmailed me	First he married me, then he blackmailed me	1
First he married me , then he blackmailed me	He married me first, then he blackmailed me	1
First he married me , then he blackmailed me	He married me, then he blackmailed me	1
First he married me , then he blackmailed me	First he married me, then he blackmailed me.	1
First he married me , then he blackmailed me	First he married me, then he blackmailed me!	1
First he married me , then he blackmailed me	'He married me first, then he blackmailed me	1
First he married me , then he blackmailed me	He married me first and then he blackmailed me	1
First he married me , then he blackmailed me	He married me first, then he blackmailed me.	1
First he married me , then he blackmailed me	He first married me, then he blackmailed me	1
How to stop sugar from sneaking into your child's diet	How to stop sugar sneaking into your child's diet.	1
How to stop sugar from sneaking into your child's diet	How to prevent sugar sneaking into your child's diet	1
How to stop sugar from sneaking into your child's diet	How to stop sugar sneaking into your child's diet	1
Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years , Iraqi Defense Ministry says .	Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in over two years, Iraqi Defense Ministry says	1
Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years , Iraqi Defense Ministry says .	Iraqi Forces Enter ISIS-held Mosul for First Time in More Than Two Years, Iraqi Defense Ministry Says	1
Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years , Iraqi Defense Ministry says .	Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for the first time in more than two years, Iraqi defence ministry says	1
Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years , Iraqi Defense Ministry says .	Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in over 2 years, Iraqi Defense Ministry says	1
Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years , Iraqi Defense Ministry says .	Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years, Iraqi Defense Ministry says	1
Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years , Iraqi Defense Ministry says .	Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for the first time in more than two years, Iraqi Defense Ministry says.	1
Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years , Iraqi Defense Ministry says .	Iraqi troops enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years, Iraqi Defense Ministry says	1
Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years , Iraqi Defense Ministry says .	Iraqi forces retake ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years, Iraqi Defence Ministry says	1
Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years , Iraqi Defense Ministry says .	Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for the first time in more than two years, Iraqi Defense Ministry says	1
Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years , Iraqi Defense Ministry says .	Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years, Iraqi Defense Ministry says.	1
Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years , Iraqi Defense Ministry says .	Iraqi forces to enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years, Iraqi Defense Ministry says	1
Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years , Iraqi Defense Ministry says .	Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years, Iraqi defense ministry says	1
Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for first time in more than two years , Iraqi Defense Ministry says .	Iraqi forces enter ISIS-held Mosul for the first time in over two years, Iraqi Defense Ministry says	1
Tim Kaine ends up second in line behind a 99-year-old voter	Tim Kaine ends up second in line behind 99-year-old voter	1
Tim Kaine ends up second in line behind a 99-year-old voter	Tim Kaine ends up second in line behind 99-year-old voter.	1
Tim Kaine ends up second in line behind a 99-year-old voter	Tim Kaine ends up second in line after a 99-year-old voter.	1
Tim Kaine ends up second in line behind a 99-year-old voter	Kaine ends up second in line behind a 99-year-old voter	1
Tim Kaine ends up second in line behind a 99-year-old voter	Kaine ends up second in line behind 99-year-old voter	1
Tim Kaine ends up second in line behind a 99-year-old voter	Tim Kaine ends up second in line behind a 99-year-old voter.	1
Tim Kaine ends up second in line behind a 99-year-old voter	Tim Kaine, behind 99-year-old voter, ends up second in line	1
Obama spoke to President-elect Trump Wednesday to congratulate him on his victory , White House says .	Obama spoke to Trump Wednesday to congratulate him on his victory, White House says	1
Obama spoke to President-elect Trump Wednesday to congratulate him on his victory , White House says .	Obama spoke to Trump on Wednesday to congratulate him on his victory, White House says	1
Obama spoke to President-elect Trump Wednesday to congratulate him on his victory , White House says .	Obama spoke to President-elect Trump Wednesday to congratulate him on his victory, White House says	1
Emails show Clinton campaign coordinated with State Dept . official before email revelation	Emails show Clinton campaign coordinated with State Dept. official before email revelation	1
Emails show Clinton campaign coordinated with State Dept . official before email revelation	Emails show Clinton campaign coordinated with State Dept official before email revelation	1
The Game 7 starters are expected to be Kyle Hendricks and Corey Kluber .	The starters for Game 7 are expected to be Kyle Hendricks and Corey Kluber.	1
The Game 7 starters are expected to be Kyle Hendricks and Corey Kluber .	The starters of Game 7 are expected to be Kyle Hendricks and Corey Kluber.	1
The Game 7 starters are expected to be Kyle Hendricks and Corey Kluber .	The starting line-ups of Game 7 are expected to be Kyle Hendricks and Corey Kluber.	1
The Game 7 starters are expected to be Kyle Hendricks and Corey Kluber .	The starting players for Game 7 are expected to be Kyle Hendricks and Corey Kluber.	1
The Game 7 starters are expected to be Kyle Hendricks and Corey Kluber .	The starters for the Game 7 are expected to be Kyle Hendricks and Corey Kluber.	1
You can literally see smoke in the air , and when you breathe , you can smell it , too	You can literally see smoke in the air, and you can smell it when you breathe.	1
You can literally see smoke in the air , and when you breathe , you can smell it , too	You can literally see smoke in the air, and you can smell it, too, when you breathe.	1
You can literally see smoke in the air , and when you breathe , you can smell it , too	You can literally see smoke in the air, and when you breathe, you can smell it too.	1
Election Day 2016 A historic moment arrives	Election 2016: historic moment arrives	1
Election Day 2016 A historic moment arrives	2016 Election Day A historic moment arrives	1
Election Day 2016 A historic moment arrives	Election Day 2016 A historic moment arrives.	1
The Washington Redskins Jordan Reed has had 6 concussions , but he wont quit the NFL	The Washington Redskins have had concussions six times, but Jordan Reed wont quit the NFL.	1
Extremely questionable , if not illegal behavior ' outside polling station	Extremely questionable, if not illegal behavior'outside polling station	1
Extremely questionable , if not illegal behavior ' outside polling station	Extremely questionable, if not illegal behavior'outside of polling station	1
Extremely questionable , if not illegal behavior ' outside polling station	Extremely questionable, if not illegal behavior outside the polling station	1
Extremely questionable , if not illegal behavior ' outside polling station	Extremely questionable, if not illegal behavior'outside the polling station	1
And that Comey has lost control of the body as a whole	And that Comey has lost control of the body as a whole.	1
And that Comey has lost control of the body as a whole	Comey has lost control of the body as a whole	1
And that Comey has lost control of the body as a whole	And that Comey has lost control over the body as a whole	1
And that Comey has lost control of the body as a whole	Comey loses control over the body as a whole.	1
And that Comey has lost control of the body as a whole	Comey has lost control of the body as a whole.	1
And that Comey has lost control of the body as a whole	Comey Has Lost Control of the Body As a Whole.	1
This was the first of two lawsuits that Rolling Stone faces over the discredited article about a supposed gang rape	This was the first of two lawsuits Rolling Stone faces over a discredited article about a supposed gang rape.	1
Here's a list of celebrities who vow to leave the US if Donald Trump wins	A list of celebrities who have vowed to leave the US if Donald Trump wins	1
Key point in our story Trump is focused on revenge , win or lose	Key point in this story Trump focused on revenge, win or lose	1
Jay Z and Beyonc join Hillary Clinton in Cleveland . Highlights of the Friday before the election	Beyonc and Jay Z Join Hillary Clinton in Cleveland: Highlights of Friday Before the Election	1
Anybody who says a donkey is stubborn has been outsmarted by a donkey	Anyone who says a donkey is stubborn has been outsmarted by a donkey	1
Anybody who says a donkey is stubborn has been outsmarted by a donkey	Anyone who says a donkey is stubborn has been outsmarted by a donkey.	1
Anybody who says a donkey is stubborn has been outsmarted by a donkey	Someone who says a donkey is stubborn has been outsmarted by a donkey.	1
Behind our anxiety , the fear of being unneeded	Behind our anxiety is the fear of being unnecessary.	1
Behind our anxiety , the fear of being unneeded	Behind our anxiety, the fear of feeling unneeded	1
Self-recruited ' Trump volunteers break mold for how campaigns are run	Self-recruited'Trump volunteers break mold for how campaigns are run	1
Self-recruited ' Trump volunteers break mold for how campaigns are run	Self-recruited'Trump volunteers break the mold for how campaigns are run	1
Self-recruited ' Trump volunteers break mold for how campaigns are run	Self-recruited'Trump Volunteers Break The Mold for How Campaigns Are Run	1
Self-recruited ' Trump volunteers break mold for how campaigns are run	Self-recruited'Trump volunteers break mold for campaign run	1
Self-recruited ' Trump volunteers break mold for how campaigns are run	Self-recruited'#Trump volunteers break the mold for how campaigns are run	1
Self-recruited ' Trump volunteers break mold for how campaigns are run	Self-recruited'Trump volunteers break mold for how campaigns run	1
Self-recruited ' Trump volunteers break mold for how campaigns are run	Self-recruited'#Trump volunteers break mold for how campaigns run	1
Self-recruited ' Trump volunteers break mold for how campaigns are run	self-recruited'#Trump volunteers break the mold for how campaigns run	1
Self-recruited ' Trump volunteers break mold for how campaigns are run	Self-recruited'Trump volunteers break mold for campaign running	1
Self-recruited ' Trump volunteers break mold for how campaigns are run	Self-recruited'Trump Volunteers Break Mold for How Campaigns Are Run	1
We now have the chance to elect a 45th president who will build on our progress	Today we have the chance to elect a 45th president who will build on our progress	1
We now have the chance to elect a 45th president who will build on our progress	Finally, we have the opportunity to elect a 45th president who will build on our progress.	1
We now have the chance to elect a 45th president who will build on our progress	We have the opportunity to elect a 45th president who will build on our progress	1
We now have the chance to elect a 45th president who will build on our progress	We now have the opportunity to elect a 45th President who will build on our progress	1
Hes got to get control of the ship again How tensions at FBI will persist after the election	Hes Got to Get Control of the Ship Again How Tensions at the FBI Will Persist After the Election	1
The FBI discovered the Clinton aide's emails weeks ago but didn't disclose them until Friday	FBI discovered Clinton aide's emails weeks ago but didn't reveal them until Friday	1
The FBI discovered the Clinton aide's emails weeks ago but didn't disclose them until Friday	The FBI discovered the Clinton aide's emails weeks ago, but didn't divulge them until Friday.	1
The FBI discovered the Clinton aide's emails weeks ago but didn't disclose them until Friday	FBI discovered Clinton aide's emails weeks ago, didn't reveal them until Friday	1
The FBI discovered the Clinton aide's emails weeks ago but didn't disclose them until Friday	The FBI discovered Clinton aide's emails weeks ago, but didn't disclose them until Friday	1
The FBI discovered the Clinton aide's emails weeks ago but didn't disclose them until Friday	FBI discovered Clinton aides emails weeks ago, but didnt disclose them until Friday	1
In Boomers Sunset , Election Reaggravates an Old Divide	In Boomers Sunset, Election Reagnies an Old Divide	1
In Boomers Sunset , Election Reaggravates an Old Divide	In Boomers Sunset, Election Reaggravates an Old Divide	1
Is America a failed state and society ? It looks truly possible	Is America a Failure State and Society? It Looks Truly Possible.	1
Is America a failed state and society ? It looks truly possible	Is America a Failure State and Society? It Looks Truly Possible!	1
Is America a failed state and society ? It looks truly possible	Is America a failed state and society? It looks truly possible.	1
Is America a failed state and society ? It looks truly possible	Is America a failed state and society? Yes, it looks truly possible.	1
We now have an even clearer picture of how brazenly Trump tried to avoid paying taxes	And now we get a clearer picture of how brazenly Trump tried to avoid paying taxes.	1
We now have an even clearer picture of how brazenly Trump tried to avoid paying taxes	We now have an even clearer picture of how brazenly Trump tried to avoid paying taxes.	1
We now have an even clearer picture of how brazenly Trump tried to avoid paying taxes	Now we have an even clearer picture of how boldly Trump tried to avoid paying taxes	1
White women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for Trump .	White women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for Donald Trump	1
White women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for Trump .	White Women, White Women, Sold Out the Sisterhood and the World by Voting for Trump	1
White women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for Trump .	White women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for Trump.	1
White women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for Trump .	White Women Sold Out the Sisterhood and the World By Voting for Trump	1
White women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for Trump .	White women sold the sisterhood and the world by voting for Trump.	1
Muslim immigrant explains why she voted for Trump	Muslim Immigrant Explains, Why She voted for Trump	1
Think the Trump protests are silly ? Look closer at how they work	Think the Trump Protests Are Silly? Look Closer at How They Work	1
A Time for Refusal On the necessity of resisting the new normal , by @tejucole	A Time for Refusal On the Necessity of Resisting the New Normal, by @tejucole	1
A Time for Refusal On the necessity of resisting the new normal , by @tejucole	A Time for Refusal On the Need to Resist the New Normal, by @tejucole	1
A Time for Refusal On the necessity of resisting the new normal , by @tejucole	A Time for Refusal on the necessity of resisting the new normal, by @tejucole	1
During interview , Trump looked into @60Minutes camera and told supporters carrying out racial attacks to " stop it .	During interview, Trump looked into 60 Minutes camera and told supporters carrying out racial attacks to'stop it	1
President-elect Trump delivers a tweetstorm at The New York Times	President-elect Trump provides a tweetstorm at The New York Times	1
President-elect Trump delivers a tweetstorm at The New York Times	President-elect Trump issues a tweetstorm at the New York Times.	1
President-elect Trump delivers a tweetstorm at The New York Times	President-elect Trump delivers tweetstorm at The New York Times	1
White police officers don't unfairly target black suspects , study says	White police officers don't unfairly target black suspects, study says.	1
White police officers don't unfairly target black suspects , study says	study says white police officers don't unfairly target black suspects	1
Jared Kushner has emerged as the closest thing to a steadying influence for Donald Trump	Jared Kushner is the closest thing to a steadying influence for Donald Trump.	1
Translator reveals how Muslim refugees want to ' Islamize ' Germany	Translator reveals how Muslim refugees want to'Islamize'Germany	1
Yes , he thought Donald Trump would win . No , he didn't use hard data .	Yes, I Thought Trump Would Win, But He Didn't Use Hard Data.	1
Yes , he thought Donald Trump would win . No , he didn't use hard data .	Yes, He Thought Donald Trump Would Win. No, He Didnt Use Hard Data.	1
Yes , he thought Donald Trump would win . No , he didn't use hard data .	Yes, He Thought Trump Would Win. No, He Didnt Use Hard Data.	1
if democrats can't stop this they literally shouldn't be a party	if democrats can't stop this they shouldn't be a party.	1
if democrats can't stop this they literally shouldn't be a party	If democrats can't stop this, they literally shouldn't be a party.	1
if democrats can't stop this they literally shouldn't be a party	If democrats can't stop this they literally shouldn't be a party.	1
Why we can't know whether Facebook is to blame for Trump's win	Why we cant know whether Facebook is to blame for Trump's win	1
Why we can't know whether Facebook is to blame for Trump's win	Why We Can't Know Whether Facebook Is to Blame for Trumps Win	1
Why we can't know whether Facebook is to blame for Trump's win	Why We Cant Know Whether Facebook Is to Blame for Trump's Win	1
Megyn Kelly tells tales out of Fox News in her new memoir , " Settle for More	Megyn Kelly Tells Tales Out of Fox News in Her Memoir, Settle for More	1
Megyn Kelly tells tales out of Fox News in her new memoir , " Settle for More	Megyn Kelly tells tales out of Fox News in her new memoir, Settle for More.	1
Megyn Kelly tells tales out of Fox News in her new memoir , " Settle for More	Megyn Kelly tells tales out of Fox News in her new memoir, " Settle for More	1
Megyn Kelly tells tales out of Fox News in her new memoir , " Settle for More	Megyn Kelly tells tales out of Fox News in her new memoir, Settle for More	1
Megyn Kelly tells tales out of Fox News in her new memoir , " Settle for More	Megyn Kelly tells the stories out of Fox News in her new memoir " Settle for More	1
Megyn Kelly tells tales out of Fox News in her new memoir , " Settle for More	Megyn Kelly tells tales out of Fox News, in her memoir, Settle for More.	1
Megyn Kelly tells tales out of Fox News in her new memoir , " Settle for More	Megyn Kelly tells tales out of Fox News in her memoir, Settle for More.	1
Megyn Kelly tells tales out of Fox News in her new memoir , " Settle for More	Megyn Kelly tells stories out of Fox News in her new memoir, Settle for More.	1
Megyn Kelly tells tales out of Fox News in her new memoir , " Settle for More	Megyn Kelly tells stories out of Fox News in her new memoir, Settle for More	1
Megyn Kelly tells tales out of Fox News in her new memoir , " Settle for More	Megyn Kelly tells stories out of Fox News in her memoir, Settle for More	1
Nairobi is devouring pastureland . So cattle are devouring Nairobi .	Nairobi is devouring pastureland. So cattle are devouring Nairobi.	1
Nairobi is devouring pastureland . So cattle are devouring Nairobi .	Nairobi is devouring pastureland. So cattle devouring Nairobi.	1
Nairobi is devouring pastureland . So cattle are devouring Nairobi .	So Nairobi is devouring pastureland, so cattle are devouring Nairobi.	1
I am a gay Jew in Trumps America . And I am afraid for my life	I am a Gay Jew in Trumps America. And I am afraid for my life.	1
I am a gay Jew in Trumps America . And I am afraid for my life	I am a Gay Jew in Trump's America. And I Am Afraid for My Life.	1
I am a gay Jew in Trumps America . And I am afraid for my life	I am a gay Jew in Trumps America. And I am afraid for my life.	1
Trump's transition team is beginning minority outreach with a " new deal for Black America	Trump transition team begins minority outreach with " new deal for Black America	1
Families around the U.S. are facing uncomfortable holidays as relationships are tested across the political divide	Families across the United States are experiencing uncomfortable holidays as relationships are tested across the political divide.	1
Families around the U.S. are facing uncomfortable holidays as relationships are tested across the political divide	Families across the country are facing uncomfortable holidays as relationships are tested across the political divide	1
Families around the U.S. are facing uncomfortable holidays as relationships are tested across the political divide	Families across the country are facing uncomfortable holidays as relationships are tested across the political divide.	1
An amazing interview with a guy who writes fake news .	This is amazing Interview With A Guy Who Writes Fake News	1
An amazing interview with a guy who writes fake news .	Amazing interview with a guy who writes fake news.	1
An amazing interview with a guy who writes fake news .	An amazing interview with a guy who writes fake news	1
Is Tim Kaine the future of the Democratic Party ?	Tim Kaine: Is Tim Kaine the Future of the Democratic Party?	1
Is Tim Kaine the future of the Democratic Party ?	Is Tim Kaine the future of the Democratic Party?	1
Is Tim Kaine the future of the Democratic Party ?	Is Tim Kaine the Future of the Democratic Party?	1
Reid resumes attacks on Trump , says election ' sparked a wave of hate crimes	Reid resumes attacks on Trump, says election'sparked a wave of hate crimes	1
During the Berlusconi years , Italy was a laughingstock . Now its America's turn .	During the Berlusconi Years, Italy was a laughingstock, now its America's turn.	1
During the Berlusconi years , Italy was a laughingstock . Now its America's turn .	During the Berlusconi years, Italy was a laughingstock. Now its Americas turn.	1
During the Berlusconi years , Italy was a laughingstock . Now its America's turn .	During Berlusconi years, Italy was a laughingstock. Now its America's turn.	1
During the Berlusconi years , Italy was a laughingstock . Now its America's turn .	During Berlusconi years, Italy was a laughingstock, Now its America turn.	1
American allies trying to reach Donald Trump were blindly dialing in to Trump Tower	American allies who tried to reach Donald Trump were blindly dialing in to Trump Tower	1
Operation Wetback enforced immigration lawand the idea that U.S. citizens are white	Operation Wetback enforced law on immigration and the idea that U.S. citizens are white	1
Operation Wetback enforced immigration lawand the idea that U.S. citizens are white	Operation Wetback enforced the Immigration Lawand the Idea that U.S. Citizens Are White.	1
Sen. Lindsey Graham calls for investigation into alleged Russian cyberhacks during US election .	Senator Lindsey Graham calls for investigation into alleged Russian cyberhacks during the US election.	1
Sen. Lindsey Graham calls for investigation into alleged Russian cyberhacks during US election .	Sen. Lindsey Graham calls for investigation into alleged Russian cyberhacks during the US election	1
Sen. Lindsey Graham calls for investigation into alleged Russian cyberhacks during US election .	Senator Lindsey Graham calls for investigations into alleged Russian cyber hacks during the U.S. election.	1
Sen. Lindsey Graham calls for investigation into alleged Russian cyberhacks during US election .	Senator Lindsey Graham calls for probe into alleged Russian cyberhacks during US election	1
Sen. Lindsey Graham calls for investigation into alleged Russian cyberhacks during US election .	Senator Lindsey Graham calls for investigation into alleged Russian cyberhacks during US election	1
Sen. Lindsey Graham calls for investigation into alleged Russian cyberhacks during US election .	Sen. Lindsey Graham Calls for Investigation Into alleged Russian Cyberhacks During US Election	1
Sen. Lindsey Graham calls for investigation into alleged Russian cyberhacks during US election .	Sen. Lindsey Graham calls for investigation into alleged Russian cyberhacks during US election	1
Sen. Lindsey Graham calls for investigation into alleged Russian cyberhacks during US election .	Sen. Lindsey Graham Calls for Investigation Into Accusers of Russian Cyberhacks During US Election	1
Sen. Lindsey Graham calls for investigation into alleged Russian cyberhacks during US election .	Senator Lindsey Graham calls for investigation into alleged Russian cyberhacks during the US election	1
Oh dear God " is the appropriate response to this news , and I fear much else .	Oh dear God, " is the appropriate response to this news, and I fear much else.	1
Oh dear God " is the appropriate response to this news , and I fear much else .	Oh my dear God'is the appropriate response to this news, and I fear much else.	1
Oh dear God " is the appropriate response to this news , and I fear much else .	Oh dear God, " is the appropriate response to this news, and I fear much more.	1
Oh dear God " is the appropriate response to this news , and I fear much else .	Oh dear God, " Is the appropriate response to this news, and I fear much else.	1
We are not planning on erecting a deportation force . Donald Trump's not planning on that	We are not planning on erecting a deportation force. Trump's not planning on that.	1
Led by Elizabeth Warren and Bernie , the Democrats are screwing up the Trump resistance	Led by Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren, the Democrats are screwing up the Trump resistance	1
App abandoment is on the rise as consumers stick to the apps they know	apps abandoment is on the rise as consumers stick to the apps they know	1
App abandoment is on the rise as consumers stick to the apps they know	App abatement is on the rise, as consumers stick to the apps they know	1
App abandoment is on the rise as consumers stick to the apps they know	App abandoment on the rise, as consumers stick to the apps they know	1
App abandoment is on the rise as consumers stick to the apps they know	App abandoment is on the rise as consumers stick to the apps they know ".	1
App abandoment is on the rise as consumers stick to the apps they know	An app abandoment trend is on the rise as consumers stick to the apps they know	1
App abandoment is on the rise as consumers stick to the apps they know	App abandoment is on the rise as consumers stick to the apps they know.	1
Bless Hillary Clinton for not wearing makeup during her Childrens Defense Fund speech	Lord Bless Hillary Clinton for Not Wearing Makeup During Her Childrens Defense Fund Speech	1
I didn't vote but if I did , ' I would have voted for Trump	I didn't vote, but if I did,'I would have voted for Trump.	1
I didn't vote but if I did , ' I would have voted for Trump	I didn't vote, but if I did,'I would have voted for Trump	1
The Democrats dont need to cooperate with Donald Trump . They need Keith Ellison	The Democrats Dont Need to Cooperate With Donald Trump. They Need Keith Ellison.	1
The Democrats dont need to cooperate with Donald Trump . They need Keith Ellison	The Democrats dont need to cooperate with Donald Trump. They need Keith Ellison.	1
A key piece of understanding Trump ? He is often swayed by whoever he last talked to	A key piece of understanding Trump? He is often swayed by whoever he last spoke to.	1
A key piece of understanding Trump ? He is often swayed by whoever he last talked to	A key piece of understanding Trump? He is often swayed by whoever he last talked to.	1
How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming	How Mixed Reality and Machine Learning Drive Innovation in Agriculture	1
How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming	How mixed reality, machine learning are driving innovation in agriculture	1
How mixed reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming	How mixed-reality and machine learning are driving innovation in farming	1
A 10-digit key code to your private life your cellphone number	A 10-digit key code to your private life Your cell phone #number	1
A 10-digit key code to your private life your cellphone number	A 10-digit key code to your private life Your Cell Phone Number	1
Vice President-elect @mike_pence arrives for meeting with Donald Trump at Trump Tower	Vice President-Elect @mike_pence arrives for meeting with Trump at Trump Tower	1
The best times to see November's big supermoon	Best times to see November's big supermoon	1
The best times to see November's big supermoon	The best times to see November's biggest supermoon	1
Donald Trump campaigned against lobbyists . Now they're on his transition team .	Trump Campaigned Against Lobbyists. Now Those Are on His Transition Team.	1
The Democratic establishment is finished . What a joke	The Democratic Party establishment is finished. What a Joke.	1
The Democratic establishment is finished . What a joke	The Democratic establishment is finished. What a joke.	1
The Democratic establishment is finished . What a joke	The Democratic Party establishment is finished. What a joke.?	1
The Democratic establishment is finished . What a joke	What a joke! The democratic establishment is finished.	1
The Democratic establishment is finished . What a joke	The Democratic Party establishment is finished. What a joke.	1
The Democratic establishment is finished . What a joke	The Democrats establishment is finished. What a joke	1
Outside Trump Tower , it was a snarl of barricades , police officers , tourists and aggrieved New Yorkers	Outside Trump Tower, it was a snarl of barricades, police officers, tourists and aggrieved New Yorkers	1
Outside Trump Tower , it was a snarl of barricades , police officers , tourists and aggrieved New Yorkers	Outside Trump Tower, It Was a Snarl of Barricades, Police Officers, Tourists and Aggressive New Yorkers	1
In 1986 the Senate rejected Jeff Sessions for being racist . Now he may be attorney general .	In 1986 the Senate rejected Jeff Sessions for being racist and now he may be the Attorney General	1
In 1986 the Senate rejected Jeff Sessions for being racist . Now he may be attorney general .	In 1986, Senate rejected Jeff Sessions as racist, now he may be Attorney General.	1
In 1986 the Senate rejected Jeff Sessions for being racist . Now he may be attorney general .	In 1986, the Senate rejected Jeff Sessions for being racist and now he may be the attorney general.	1
In 1986 the Senate rejected Jeff Sessions for being racist . Now he may be attorney general .	In 1986, the Senate rejected Jeff Sessions for being racist, now he may be Attorney General	1
In 1986 the Senate rejected Jeff Sessions for being racist . Now he may be attorney general .	In 1986, Senate Rep rejected Jeff Sessions for being racist and now he may be Attorney General.	1
In 1986 the Senate rejected Jeff Sessions for being racist . Now he may be attorney general .	In 1986, the Senate rejected Jeff Sessions for being racist, now he may be Attorney General.	1
In 1986 the Senate rejected Jeff Sessions for being racist . Now he may be attorney general .	In 1986, the Senate rejected Jeff Sessions for being racist, and now he may be Attorney General.	1
Pence reportedly taking over transition effort from Christie	Pence reportedly taking over the transition effort from Christie	1
Her roommate supports Donald Trump . I had finally found the ' silent majority .	Her roommate supports Donald Trump. I had finally found the'silent majority	1
Her roommate supports Donald Trump . I had finally found the ' silent majority .	Her Roommate Supports Donald Trump. I had finally found the'Silent Majority	1
Her roommate supports Donald Trump . I had finally found the ' silent majority .	Her roommate supports Trump. I had finally found the'silent majority '.	1
Russia says it had contact with the Trump team	Russia says it had contact with Trump team	1
Mark Zuckerberg is contradicting Facebooks own research , and doing real damage to democracy	Mark Zuckerberg Is Contrary to Facebooks Own Research and Doing Real Damage to Democracy	1
Looking back , I see that my inability to listen well cost me my first love	Looking back, I see that my inability to listen well cost me my first love.	1
Looking back , I see that my inability to listen well cost me my first love	I see that my inability to listen well cost me my first love.	1
Looking back , I see that my inability to listen well cost me my first love	Looking back, I see that my inability to listen well cost me my first love	1
Donald Trump is a racist . But here's why many Americans dont see him that way	Donald Trump Is a Racist. Heres Why Many Americans Dont See Him That Way.	1
Donald Trump is a racist . But here's why many Americans dont see him that way	Donald Trump Is a Racist. Heres Why Many Americans Dont See Him That Way	1
Donald Trump is a racist . But here's why many Americans dont see him that way	Trump Is a Racist. Heres Why Many Americans Dont See Him That Way.	1
Mark Zuckerberg says fake news on Facebook had " no impact " on the election	Mark Zuckerberg Says Fake News on Facebook Had " No Impact " on Election	1
Mark Zuckerberg says fake news on Facebook had " no impact " on the election	Mark Zuckerberg says fake news on Facebook had'no impact' on the election.	1
A small , shadowy band of militants leads an insurgency that paralyzes Kashmir .	A small, shadowy band of militants leads an insurgency that paralyzes Kashmir.	1
A small , shadowy band of militants leads an insurgency that paralyzes Kashmir .	A small, shadowy band of militants leads an insurgency that paralyzes Kashmir	1
Video of mom punishing son , 8 , over school Trump vote leads to investigation	Video of mom punishing son, 8, over school Trump vote leads to investigation.	1
Video of mom punishing son , 8 , over school Trump vote leads to investigation	Video of mother punishing son, 8, over school Trump vote leads to investigation	1
Video of mom punishing son , 8 , over school Trump vote leads to investigation	Video of mom punishing son, 8, over school Trump vote leads to investigation	1
Video of mom punishing son , 8 , over school Trump vote leads to investigation	Video of mom punishing son, 8 over school Trump vote leads to investigation	1
The Electoral College is hated by many . So why does it endure ?	The Electoral College is hated by many. So why does it endure?	1
The Electoral College is hated by many . So why does it endure ?	The Electoral College Is Hated by Many. Why Does It Last?	1
The kids suing the government over climate change are our best hope now	Kids suing the government over climate change are our best hope now!	1
The kids suing the government over climate change are our best hope now	The kids suing the govt over climate change are our best hope now	1
The kids suing the government over climate change are our best hope now	The kids who are suing the government over climate change are our best hope now.	1
The kids suing the government over climate change are our best hope now	The kids who are suing the government over climate change are our best hope now	1
The kids suing the government over climate change are our best hope now	Kids suing the government over climate change are our best hope now.	1
The kids suing the government over climate change are our best hope now	Kids Suing the Government Over Climate Change Are Our Best Hope Now	1
The kids suing the government over climate change are our best hope now	Children suing the government over climate change are our best hope now	1
The kids suing the government over climate change are our best hope now	Kids suing the government over climate change are our best hope now	1
Mayors of NY and Los Angeles pledge to remain immigrant sanctuaries	Mayors of LA and NY pledge to remain immigrant sanctuaries.	1
Mayors of NY and Los Angeles pledge to remain immigrant sanctuaries	Mayors of Los Angeles and NY pledge to remain immigrant sanctuaries	1
Mayors of NY and Los Angeles pledge to remain immigrant sanctuaries	Mayors of Los Angeles and New York pledge to stay immigrant sanctuaries.	1
Mayors of NY and Los Angeles pledge to remain immigrant sanctuaries	Mayors of Los Angeles and New York pledge to remain immigrant sanctuaries	1
Mayors of NY and Los Angeles pledge to remain immigrant sanctuaries	Mayors of New York City and Los Angeles pledge to remain immigrant sanctuaries	1
Mayors of NY and Los Angeles pledge to remain immigrant sanctuaries	Mayors of LA and NY pledge to remain immigrant sanctuaries	1
Mayors of NY and Los Angeles pledge to remain immigrant sanctuaries	Mayors of NY and LA pledge to remain immigrant sanctuaries.	1
Mayors of NY and Los Angeles pledge to remain immigrant sanctuaries	Mayors of Los Angeles and New York pledge to remain immigrant sanctuaries.	1
Mayors of NY and Los Angeles pledge to remain immigrant sanctuaries	Mayors of LA and NY pledge to keep immigrant sanctuaries.	1
Facebook Messenger launches its public group chat feature " Rooms " in select markets	Facebook Messenger launches its public group chat feature  Rooms '' in select markets	1
In the longer run Trumpism will be a very bad thing for the economy , writes @PaulKrugman	In the Long Run, Trumpism Will Be a Very Bad Thing for the Economy, writes @PaulKrugman	1
The president-elect is suing D.C. so his luxury hotel can pay less in taxes	The President-Elect Is Suing Washington, D.C., So His Luxury Hotel Can Pay Less in Taxes	1
The president-elect is suing D.C. so his luxury hotel can pay less in taxes	The president-elect is suing Washington, D.C., so his luxury hotel can pay less in taxes	1
We just opened up comments on this article . Thanks for flagging it .	We just opened up comments on this article. Thanks for flagging it	1
We just opened up comments on this article . Thanks for flagging it .	We just opened up comments on this article thanks for flagging it.	1
We just opened up comments on this article . Thanks for flagging it .	We just opened up comments on this article. Thanks for flagging it.	1
A hot souvenir from Cuba for some Americans A cancer vaccine	A Hot Souvenir From Cuba for Some Americans Cancer Vaccine	1
A hot souvenir from Cuba for some Americans A cancer vaccine	A hot souvenir from Cuba for some Americans: A cancer vaccine	1
It wasn't always handshakes and hellos between Obama and Trump	It Wasnt Always Handshakes and Hellos Between Obama and Trump	1
It wasn't always handshakes and hellos between Obama and Trump	It wasn't always handshakes'hellos'between Obama and Trump	1
The supermoon and other moons that are super in their own ways	The Supermoon and Other Moons That Are Super in Their Own Ways.	1
Megyn Kelly sees her story as a cautionary tale for journalists who will cover a Trump White House	Megyn Kelly Uses Her Story as a Cautionary Tale for Journalists Who Cover a Trump White House	1
Megyn Kelly sees her story as a cautionary tale for journalists who will cover a Trump White House	Megyn Kelly sees her story as a cautionary tale for journalists who will cover a Trump White House.	1
International students considering college in Donald Trumps U.S. are asking , " Is it safe for me to come there ?	International students considering college in Donald Trumps USA are asking,'Is it safe for me to come there?	1
Republicans stole the Supreme Court . Democrats , dont let them get away with it	Republicans Stole the Supreme Court. Democrats, Dont Let Them Get Away With It	1
Chicago police say charges are expected in death of congressman's grandson	Chicago police: charges pending in death of congressman's grandson	1
Chicago police say charges are expected in death of congressman's grandson	Chicago police say charges are expected in death of congressman's grandson.	1
Chicago police say charges are expected in death of congressman's grandson	Chicago police say charges are expected in the death of congressman's grandson	1
Chicago police say charges are expected in death of congressman's grandson	Chicago police are pending charges in the death of congressman's grandson	1
New Zealand national monitor Geonet says 45 aftershocks felt following magnitude- 7.8 earthquake	New Zealand's national monitor Geonet says 45 aftershocks felt after magnitude 7.8 earthquake	1
New Zealand national monitor Geonet says 45 aftershocks felt following magnitude- 7.8 earthquake	New Zealand's national monitoring agency Geonet says 45 aftershocks felt after magnitude 7.8 earthquake	1
New Zealand national monitor Geonet says 45 aftershocks felt following magnitude- 7.8 earthquake	New Zealand's National Monitor Geonet says 45 aftershocks felt following magnitude- 7.8 earthquake	1
Sharon Jones , the lead singer with the band Dap-Kings , has died at the age of 60	Sharon Jones, Lead Singer with the Band Dap-Kings, Dies at 60 Sharon Jones has died at the age of 60	1
Scared of Trump ? Canadians say there's plenty of room	Scared of Trump? Canadians Say There's Plenty of Room for Mr. Trump	1
Scared of Trump ? Canadians say there's plenty of room	Scared of Trump? Canadians Say There's Plenty of Room	1
Scared of Trump ? Canadians say there's plenty of room	Scared of Trump? The Canadians Say There's Plenty of Room for	1
Scared of Trump ? Canadians say there's plenty of room	Scared of Trump? Canadians say there's plenty of room	1
Scared of Trump ? Canadians say there's plenty of room	Scared of Trump? Canadians Say There's Plenty of Room for Trump	1
Scared of Trump ? Canadians say there's plenty of room	Scared Of Trump? Canadians Say There's Plenty of Room for Trump	1
Scared of Trump ? Canadians say there's plenty of room	Can Canadians be scared of Trump? They say there's plenty of room	1
Scared of Trump ? Canadians say there's plenty of room	Scared by Trump? Canadians Say There's Plenty of Room to Go	1
Republicans rolled over for Steve Bannon . Theyll roll over when he comes for you , too .	Republicans Rolled Over for Steve Bannon. They'll Roll Over When He Comes For You, Too.	1
Republicans rolled over for Steve Bannon . Theyll roll over when he comes for you , too .	Republicans rolled over for Steve Bannon. They'll roll over when he comes for you, too.	1
Republicans rolled over for Steve Bannon . Theyll roll over when he comes for you , too .	Republicans Rolled Over For Steve Bannon. Theyll Roll Over When He Comes for You, Too.	1
Republicans rolled over for Steve Bannon . Theyll roll over when he comes for you , too .	Republicans rolled over for Steve Bannon, too. Theyll roll over when he comes for you, too.	1
I will feel that I am finally seen as who I really am .	I will feel that I am finally seen as who I really am.	1
I will feel that I am finally seen as who I really am .	I will finally feel that I am seen as who I am really am.	1
I will feel that I am finally seen as who I really am .	I will feel that I am finally perceived as who I truly am.	1
I will feel that I am finally seen as who I really am .	I will finally feel that I am seen as who I am really.	1
I will feel that I am finally seen as who I really am .	I will finally feel that I am seen as who I really am.	1
I will feel that I am finally seen as who I really am .	I will feel that I am finally seen as who I am really.	1
I will feel that I am finally seen as who I really am .	I will feel that I am finally seen as who I am really am.	1
Identity politics never wins elections . But it can lose them .	Identity politics never wins elections. But it can lose them	1
Identity politics never wins elections . But it can lose them .	Identity politics never wins elections. But it can lose them.	1
Identity politics never wins elections . But it can lose them .	Identity politics Never Wins Elections. But It Can Lose These	1
Identity politics never wins elections . But it can lose them .	Identity politics does not win elections, but it can lose them.	1
Identity politics never wins elections . But it can lose them .	Identity politics does not win elections. It can lose them	1
Identity politics never wins elections . But it can lose them .	Identity politics will never win elections, but it can lose them.	1
Identity politics never wins elections . But it can lose them .	Identity politics is not about winning elections. But it can lose them.	1
Identity politics never wins elections . But it can lose them .	Identity politics cannot win elections, but it can lose them.	1
Identity politics never wins elections . But it can lose them .	Identity politics cannot win elections. But it can lose them	1
Senior ISIS commander killed in coalition airstrike , Iraqi military sources say .	Senior ISIS commander killed in coalition air strike, Iraqi military sources say	1
Senior ISIS commander killed in coalition airstrike , Iraqi military sources say .	Top ISIS commander killed in coalition airstrike, Iraqi military sources say	1
Senior ISIS commander killed in coalition airstrike , Iraqi military sources say .	The top ISIS commander is killed in a coalition airstrike, Iraqi military sources say	1
Senior ISIS commander killed in coalition airstrike , Iraqi military sources say .	Top ISIS commander killed in coalition airstrike, Iraqi sources say	1
The plan officially is You should totally trust us , we'll act incredibly responsibly .	The plan officially is that you should trust us fully, we will act incredibly responsibly.	1
The plan officially is You should totally trust us , we'll act incredibly responsibly .	The plan officially is You Should Trust Us, We'll act incredibly responsibly.	1
The plan officially is You should totally trust us , we'll act incredibly responsibly .	The plan officially states you should totally trust us, we'll act incredibly responsibly.	1
The plan officially is You should totally trust us , we'll act incredibly responsibly .	The plan officially is You should trust us. We will act incredibly responsibly.	1
The plan officially is You should totally trust us , we'll act incredibly responsibly .	The plan officially is You should totally trust us. We'll act incredibly responsibly.	1
The plan officially is You should totally trust us , we'll act incredibly responsibly .	The plan officially is You should trust us 100%, we'll act incredibly responsibly.	1
The plan officially is You should totally trust us , we'll act incredibly responsibly .	The plan officially says you should trust us 100%, we'll act incredibly responsibly.	1
The plan officially is You should totally trust us , we'll act incredibly responsibly .	The plan officially says You should trust us totally, we'll act incredibly responsibly.	1
The plan officially is You should totally trust us , we'll act incredibly responsibly .	The plan officially is: you should trust us. We'll act incredibly responsibly.	1
The plan officially is You should totally trust us , we'll act incredibly responsibly .	The plan is officially said You should trust us totally, we'll act incredibly responsibly.	1
The plan officially is You should totally trust us , we'll act incredibly responsibly .	The plan officially is You should trust us. We'll act incredibly responsibly.	1
The plan officially is You should totally trust us , we'll act incredibly responsibly .	The plan officially is that You Should Trust Us, We'll act incredibly responsibly.	1
The plan officially is You should totally trust us , we'll act incredibly responsibly .	The plan officially is: You should totally trust us, we'll act incredibly responsibly.	1
The plan officially is You should totally trust us , we'll act incredibly responsibly .	The plan officially states You should trust us, we'll act incredibly responsibly.	1
The plan officially is You should totally trust us , we'll act incredibly responsibly .	The plan officially is You should trust us, we'll act incredibly responsibly.	1
The plan officially is You should totally trust us , we'll act incredibly responsibly .	The plan officially says that you should trust us 100%, we'll act incredibly responsibly.	1
The plan officially is You should totally trust us , we'll act incredibly responsibly .	The plan officially is that you should trust us 100%, we'll act incredibly responsibly.	1
The plan officially is You should totally trust us , we'll act incredibly responsibly .	The plan officially is You should trust us completely. We will act incredibly responsibly.	1
Chili's refused to honor a Veteran's Day meal deal for a black veteran . They apologized , & amp ; promise to make it right .	Chili's refused to honor Veteran's Day meal for black veteran. They apologized, & amp ; promise to make it right.	1
Chili's refused to honor a Veteran's Day meal deal for a black veteran . They apologized , & amp ; promise to make it right .	Chili's refused to honor Veteran's Day meal deal for black veteran, apologized & amp ; promised to make it right	1
Chili's refused to honor a Veteran's Day meal deal for a black veteran . They apologized , & amp ; promise to make it right .	Chili's refused to honor a Veteran's Day meal deal for a black veteran. They apologized, promise to make it right.	1
Chili's refused to honor a Veteran's Day meal deal for a black veteran . They apologized , & amp ; promise to make it right .	Chili's refused to honor Veteran's Day meal deal for black veteran. They apologized, & amp ; promise to make it right.	1
Chili's refused to honor a Veteran's Day meal deal for a black veteran . They apologized , & amp ; promise to make it right .	Chili's refused to honor Veteran's Day meal for black veteran. They apologized & amp ; promise to make it right	1
Chili's refused to honor a Veteran's Day meal deal for a black veteran . They apologized , & amp ; promise to make it right .	Chili's refused to honor a Veteran's Day meal deal for a black veteran, they apologized, & amp ; promise to make it right	1
Chili's refused to honor a Veteran's Day meal deal for a black veteran . They apologized , & amp ; promise to make it right .	Chili's refused to honor a Veteran's Day meal deal for a black veteran. They apologized, & amp ; promise to make it right.	1
The obituary of actor Robert Vaughn who has died at the age of 83	The obituary of actor Robert Vaughn, who died at the age of 83.	1
US intelligence director Clapper says he has submitted letter of resignation amid presidential transition	US intelligence director Clapper submitted a letter of resignation amid presidential transition	1
strike gracious tone . Trump calls Obama " very fine man .	Strike a Generous Tone. Trump Calls Obama'Very Fine Man	1
strike gracious tone . Trump calls Obama " very fine man .	Strike gracious tone. Trump calls Obama " very fine man.	1
Donald Trump says he may keep parts of Obama health care act	Donald Trump says he may keep parts of the Obamacare Act	1
Donald Trump says he may keep parts of Obama health care act	Donald Trump says he will keep parts of the Obama health care law	1
Donald Trump says he may keep parts of Obama health care act	Donald Trump says he may keep parts of the Obama Health Care Act	1
Mom who snapped photo with Clinton on post-defeat walk getting death threats	Mom who snapped photo with Clinton on post-defeat walk gets death threats	1
Mom who snapped photo with Clinton on post-defeat walk getting death threats	Mom who snapped photo with Clinton on post-defeat walk getting threats of death	1
Mom who snapped photo with Clinton on post-defeat walk getting death threats	Mom who snapped photo with Clinton on post-defeat walk getting death threats.	1
Mom who snapped photo with Clinton on post-defeat walk getting death threats	Mom who snapped photo with Clinton on post-defeat walk is getting death threats!	1
Mom who snapped photo with Clinton on post-defeat walk getting death threats	Mom who snapped photo with Clinton on post-defeat walk gets death threats.	1
Mom who snapped photo with Clinton on post-defeat walk getting death threats	Mom who snapped photo with Clinton on post-defeat walk getting threats of death.	1
Mom who snapped photo with Clinton on post-defeat walk getting death threats	mom who snapped photo with Clinton on post-defeat walk getting threats of death.	1
The time for ranting is over , and its time to accept the inevitable , writes @NickKristof	The time for ranting is over, and its time to accept the inevitable, writes @NickKristof	1
The time for ranting is over , and its time to accept the inevitable , writes @NickKristof	The Time for Ranting Is Over, and Its Time to Accept the Inevitability, writes @NickKristof	1
Donald Trump asks Rep. Mike Pompeo to be his CIA director , sources say	Trump asks Rep. Mike Pompeo to be CIA director, sources say	1
A group of raccoons living by in Central Park has become a sort of tourist attraction .	A group of raccoons living near Central Park is now a tourist attraction.	1
6 people stabbed at mental health facility outside Pittsburgh ; suspect shot and wounded by police	6 people stabbed at mental health facility outside Pittsburgh ; suspect shot and wounded by police.	1
This security camera was infected by malware in 98 seconds after it was plugged in	This Security Camera Was Infected by Malware 98 Seconds After It Was Plugged In	1
This security camera was infected by malware in 98 seconds after it was plugged in	This Security Camera Was Infected By Malware 98 Seconds After It Was Plug-In	1
This security camera was infected by malware in 98 seconds after it was plugged in	This security camera was infected by malware 98 seconds after it was plugged 'in	1
This security camera was infected by malware in 98 seconds after it was plugged in	This Security Camera Was Infected By Malware 98 Seconds After It Was Plugged In	1
This security camera was infected by malware in 98 seconds after it was plugged in	This security camera was infected by malware 98 seconds after it was plugged in	1
As President Obama exits the world stage , Angela Merkel may be liberal West's last defender	As Obama Exits World Stage, Angela Merkel May Be the Liberal Wests Last Defender	1
As President Obama exits the world stage , Angela Merkel may be liberal West's last defender	As Obama Exits World Stage, Angela Merkel May Be the Liberal West's Last Defender	1
As President Obama exits the world stage , Angela Merkel may be liberal West's last defender	as Obama Exits World Stage, Angela Merkel May Be the Liberal Wests Last Defender	1
As President Obama exits the world stage , Angela Merkel may be liberal West's last defender	As Obama Exits World Stage, Angela Merkel Might Be the Liberal Wests Last Defender	1
As President Obama exits the world stage , Angela Merkel may be liberal West's last defender	As Obama Exits World Stage, Angela Merkel May Be Liberal Wests Last Defender	1
As President Obama exits the world stage , Angela Merkel may be liberal West's last defender	As Obama Exits World Stage, Angela Merkel Could Be the Liberal Wests Last Defender	1
As President Obama exits the world stage , Angela Merkel may be liberal West's last defender	As Obama Exits World Stage, Angela Merkel May Be Liberal West's Last Defender	1
Here's how to outsmart fake news in your Facebook and Twitter feeds	How to Outsmart Fake News in Your Facebook, Twitter Feeds	1
Here's how to outsmart fake news in your Facebook and Twitter feeds	How to outsmart fake news in your Facebook and Twitter feeds	1
If you understand how race and racism works in this country then the Obama/Trump voter is no surprise .	If you understand how race and racism work in this country, then the Obama/Trump voter is no surprise.	1
If you understand how race and racism works in this country then the Obama/Trump voter is no surprise .	If you understand how race and racism works in this country, then the Obama/Trump voter is no surprise.	1
If you understand how race and racism works in this country then the Obama/Trump voter is no surprise .	If you understand how race and racism work in this country, then the Obama/Trump vote is no surprise.	1
If you understand how race and racism works in this country then the Obama/Trump voter is no surprise .	If you understand how race and racism work in this country, the Obama / Trump voter is no surprise.	1
If you understand how race and racism works in this country then the Obama/Trump voter is no surprise .	The Obama/Trump Voter is no surprise if you understand how race and racism work in this country.	1
If you understand how race and racism works in this country then the Obama/Trump voter is no surprise .	The Obama/Trump Voter Is No Surprise if You Understand How Race and Racism Works in This Country.	1
If you understand how race and racism works in this country then the Obama/Trump voter is no surprise .	When you understand how race and racism work in this country, then the Obama/Trump voter is no surprise.	1
If you understand how race and racism works in this country then the Obama/Trump voter is no surprise .	If you understand how race and racism work in this country, the Obama/Trump voter is no surprise.	1
If you understand how race and racism works in this country then the Obama/Trump voter is no surprise .	If you understand how race and racism work in this country, then the Obama/Trump voter is no surprise	1
If you understand how race and racism works in this country then the Obama/Trump voter is no surprise .	If you understand how race and racism work in this country then the Obama/Trump voter is no surprise.	1
I think it's fair to say that I was surprised by the election results	I think it's fair to say that I was surprised by the election results.	1
After Brexit , tolerant Britons adopted a simple symbol of solidarity . We should , too .	Following Brexit, Tolerant Britons Adopt a Simple Symbol of Solidarity We Should, too.	1
After Brexit , tolerant Britons adopted a simple symbol of solidarity . We should , too .	After Brexit, tolerant Britons adopted a simple symbol of solidarity. We Should, Too.	1
After Brexit , tolerant Britons adopted a simple symbol of solidarity . We should , too .	After Brexit, tolerant Britons adopted a simple symbol of solidarity. We should too.	1
After Brexit , tolerant Britons adopted a simple symbol of solidarity . We should , too .	After Brexit, tolerant Britons adopted a simple symbol of solidarity. We should.	1
After Brexit , tolerant Britons adopted a simple symbol of solidarity . We should , too .	After Brexit, tolerant Britons adopted a simple symbol of solidarity. We should also.	1
After Brexit , tolerant Britons adopted a simple symbol of solidarity . We should , too .	After Brexit, tolerant Britons adopted a simple symbol of solidarity, and we should too.	1
After Brexit , tolerant Britons adopted a simple symbol of solidarity . We should , too .	After Brexit, the tolerant Britons adopted a simple symbol of solidarity. We should also.	1
In this Iraqi village , children have to be taught how to avoid bombs that look like toys	In Iraqi village, kids are being taught to avoid bombs that look like toys.	1
In this Iraqi village , children have to be taught how to avoid bombs that look like toys	Children in Iraqi village have to learn to avoid bombs that look like toys	1
In a country where voters are split , one party adds to its hold at all levels of government .	In a country where the voters are divided, one party adds to its hold at all levels of government.	1
In a country where voters are split , one party adds to its hold at all levels of government .	In a country where voters are divided, one party builds its hold at all levels of government.	1
In a country where voters are split , one party adds to its hold at all levels of government .	In a country where the voters are split, a party adds its hold at all levels of government.	1
In a country where voters are split , one party adds to its hold at all levels of government .	In a country where voters are divided, one party adds to its hold at all levels of government.	1
In a country where voters are split , one party adds to its hold at all levels of government .	In a country where voters are split, one party adds to its hold at all levels of government.	1
NES Classic Edition review The best and worst of retro gaming	NES Classic Edition Review: The Best and Worst of Retro Gaming	1
NES Classic Edition review The best and worst of retro gaming	NES Classic Edition review The best and worst of retro gaming.	1
NES Classic Edition review The best and worst of retro gaming	The NES Classic Edition Review The Best and Worst of Retro Gaming	1
With Trump's triumph , the Trans-Pacific Partnership is dead . Few understand what is lost .	With Trump's Triumph, the Trans-Pacific Partnership Is Dead. Few Understand What Is Lost	1
With Trump's triumph , the Trans-Pacific Partnership is dead . Few understand what is lost .	With Trump's Triumph, the Trans-Pacific Partnership Is Dead. Few Understand What Is Lost.	1
With Trump's triumph , the Trans-Pacific Partnership is dead . Few understand what is lost .	With Trump's Triumph, the Trans-Pacific Partnership Is Dead. Few Understand What Is Losing	1
Tell me again how much I should respect the flag and what it stands for .	Tell me again how much I should respect the flag and what it stands for.	1
Tell me again how much I should respect the flag and what it stands for .	Tell me again how much I should respect the flag and for what it stands for.	1
Tell me again how much I should respect the flag and what it stands for .	Tell me again how much I should respect the flag and what it stands for	1
Tell me again how much I should respect the flag and what it stands for .	Tell me again, how much I should respect the flag and what it stands for.	1
Tell me again how much I should respect the flag and what it stands for .	Tell me again how much I need to respect the flag and what it stands for.	1
If he's AG , Sessions will be responsible for overseeing the Voting Rights Act .	If he becomes AG, Sessions will be responsible for overseeing the Voting Rights Act.	1
If he's AG , Sessions will be responsible for overseeing the Voting Rights Act .	If he becomes AG, Sessions is responsible for the oversight of the Voting Rights Act.	1
If he's AG , Sessions will be responsible for overseeing the Voting Rights Act .	If he is AG, Sessions will be responsible for overseeing the Voting Rights Act.	1
If he's AG , Sessions will be responsible for overseeing the Voting Rights Act .	If he's AG, Sessions is responsible for overseeing the Voting Rights Act.	1
If he's AG , Sessions will be responsible for overseeing the Voting Rights Act .	If he becomes AG, Sessions is responsible for overseeing the Voting Rights Act.	1
If he's AG , Sessions will be responsible for overseeing the Voting Rights Act .	If he's AG, Sessions will be responsible for overseeing the Voting Rights Act.	1
If he's AG , Sessions will be responsible for overseeing the Voting Rights Act .	If he becomes AG, Sessions will be responsible for the oversight of the Voting Rights Act.	1
Is Donald Trump already walking away from campaign promises ?	Does Trump already walk away from campaign promises?	1
Is Donald Trump already walking away from campaign promises ?	Is Donald Trump walking away from campaign promises?	1
Is Donald Trump already walking away from campaign promises ?	Is Trump walking away from campaign promises?	1
Among the new Democratic leaders in Congress are Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren	Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren Are Among the New Democratic Leaders in Congress	1
Among the new Democratic leaders in Congress are Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren	Among the new Democratic leaders in Congress are Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren.	1
Among the new Democratic leaders in Congress are Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren	Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren Are Among the New Democratic Leaders in Congress.	1
Some Guantnamo prisoners were victims of mistaken identity or held on flimsy evidence	Some Guantnamo prisoners were victims of misidentification or held on flimsy evidence.	1
Some Guantnamo prisoners were victims of mistaken identity or held on flimsy evidence	Some Guantnamo prisoners were victims of misidentification or held on flimsy evidence	1
Some Guantnamo prisoners were victims of mistaken identity or held on flimsy evidence	Some Guantnamo Prisoners were victims of their false identity or were held on flimsy evidence.	1
Some Guantnamo prisoners were victims of mistaken identity or held on flimsy evidence	Guantnamo inmates were victims of mistaken identity or held on flimsy evidence	1
Love is love is love is love is love is love	Love is love is love is love is love is love is	1
Love is love is love is love is love is love	Love is Love is Love is Love is	1
Love is love is love is love is love is love	Love is love is love is love is love is love!	1
Love is love is love is love is love is love	Love is love is love is love. love is love is love is love.	1
Love is love is love is love is love is love	Love is love is love is love. Love is love.	1
Do not be taken in by small signs of normality .	Be not taken in by small signs of normality.	1
Do not be taken in by small signs of normality .	Do not be drawn in by small signs of normality.	1
Do not be taken in by small signs of normality .	Do not be taken in by small signs of normality.	1
Do not be taken in by small signs of normality .	Be careful not to be taken in by small signs of normality.	1
Be kind to everybody , make art and fight the power .	Be kind to everyone, make art and fight the power.	1
Be kind to everybody , make art and fight the power .	Be kind to everybody, make art and fight the power.	1
Be kind to everybody , make art and fight the power .	Be kind to everyone, make art, and fight the power.	1
Be kind to everybody , make art and fight the power .	Be kind to everybody, make art, and fight the power.	1
Donald Trump has reached out to Mitt Romney , who had called Trump " a phony , " about naming him as secretary of state	Donald Trump Reached Out to Mitt Romney, Who Had Called Trump a Fake, About Named Him as Secretary of State	1
Google signs on to the NET Foundation as Samsung brings NET support to Tizen	Google signs on to the NET Foundation as Samsung brings NET support to Tizen!	1
Rep. Sean Duffy says " friction " during Trump's transition is " expected	Rep. Sean Duffy: 'Friction' during Trump's transition is "expected	1
Rep. Sean Duffy says " friction " during Trump's transition is " expected	Rep. Sean Duffy says friction'during Trump's transition is'expected '	1
I give it a month before the pejorative " mainstream media " has been replaced with " fake news	I give it a month before the pejorative mainstream media " has been replaced with " fake news.	1
I give it a month before the pejorative " mainstream media " has been replaced with " fake news	I give it a month before the pejorative mainstream media'is replaced with " fake news ".	1
I give it a month before the pejorative " mainstream media " has been replaced with " fake news	I give it a month before the pejorative " mainstream media " has been replaced with " fake news.	1
I give it a month before the pejorative " mainstream media " has been replaced with " fake news	I give it a month before the pejorative, mainstream media, has been replaced with fake news.	1
LAPD arrests approximately 185 protesters overnight , most for blocking the roadway	LAPD arrests 185 protesters overnight, most for blocking roadway	1
LAPD arrests approximately 185 protesters overnight , most for blocking the roadway	LAPD arrests 185 protesters overnight for blocking the street	1
LAPD arrests approximately 185 protesters overnight , most for blocking the roadway	LAPD arrests roughly 185 protesters overnight, most for blocking the roadway	1
LAPD arrests approximately 185 protesters overnight , most for blocking the roadway	LAPD arrests 185 protesters overnight, most for blocking the roadway	1
LAPD arrests approximately 185 protesters overnight , most for blocking the roadway	LAPD arrests about 185 protesters overnight, most for blocking the roadway	1
LAPD arrests approximately 185 protesters overnight , most for blocking the roadway	LAPD arrests approximately 185 protesters overnight, most for blocking the roadway	1
Why wouldn't Facebook let me post death threats I received from Trump supporters ?	Why Wouldnt Facebook Let Me Post Death Threats I Receive From Trump Supporters?	1
Why wouldn't Facebook let me post death threats I received from Trump supporters ?	Why wouldnt Facebook let me post death threats I received from Trump supporters?	1
The Trump administration wont protect diversity and inclusion . Corporate America will .	The Trump Administration Wont Protect Diversity and Inclusion. Corporate America Will.	1
Fake news is a problem . But Facebook is getting away with an even bigger lie	Facebook is getting away with a bigger lie : fake news is a problem	1
Crybaby snowflake repubtard cuck got his little girly-man feelings hurt , huh ?	Crybaby snowflake repubtard cuck got his little girly-man feelings hurt, huh?	1
Hitler's only kidding about the antisemitism New York Times , 1922	Hitler's only kidding about anti-semitism The New York Times in 1922	1
Hitler's only kidding about the antisemitism New York Times , 1922	Hitler's only kidding about antisemitism the New York Times 1922	1
Hitler's only kidding about the antisemitism New York Times , 1922	Hitler's only kidding about anti-semitism New York Times, 1922	1
Hitler's only kidding about the antisemitism New York Times , 1922	Hitler's only kidding about antisemitism New York Times in 1922	1
Five industries that should take a cue from Netflix and crowdsource parts of its tech	5 industries that should take a cue from Netflix and crowdsource parts of its tech	1
Why were the polls so far off in this election ? We took a deep look .	Why Were the Polls So Far Off in This Election? We took a deep look.	1
Google will ban websites that host fake news from using its ad service	Google to ban websites hosting fake news from using its ad service	1
Google will ban websites that host fake news from using its ad service	Google to ban websites that host fake news from using its ad service	1
Google will ban websites that host fake news from using its ad service	Google says it will ban websites that host fake news from using its ad service	1
The start of the end for environmental protections	The start of the end for environmental protections is	1
The start of the end for environmental protections	The beginning of the end for environmental protections	1
Congressional Clinton probes will go forward post-election , GOP lawmakers say	Congressional Clinton probes will go forward after-election, GOP lawmakers say	1
Congressional Clinton probes will go forward post-election , GOP lawmakers say	Congressional Clinton Probes Will Go Forward Post-Election, GOP Legislative Say	1
Congressional Clinton probes will go forward post-election , GOP lawmakers say	Congressional Clinton Investigations Will Go Forward After Election, GOP lawmakers Say	1
The NYT obituary for Leon Russell , 74 , a hit maker and musicians ' musician	The New York Times obituary for Leon Russell, 74, a Hit Maker and Musicians Musician	1
President-elect @realDonaldTrump took to Twitter to defend his vice president @mike_pence .	President-Elect @realDonaldTrump took to Twitter to defend his vice president @mike_pence	1
Since 1968 , there have been six conservative wave elections , all fueled by white fury .	Six conservative wave elections have occurred since 1968, all fueled by white fury.	1
Since 1968 , there have been six conservative wave elections , all fueled by white fury .	There have been six conservative wave elections since 1968, all fueled by white fury.	1
Since 1968 , there have been six conservative wave elections , all fueled by white fury .	Six Conservative Wave elections have occurred since 1968, all driven by white fury.	1
Since 1968 , there have been six conservative wave elections , all fueled by white fury .	Six conservative wave elections, fueled by white fury, have taken place since 1968.	1
Since 1968 , there have been six conservative wave elections , all fueled by white fury .	Six conservative wave elections have taken place since 1968, fueled all by white fury.	1
Since 1968 , there have been six conservative wave elections , all fueled by white fury .	There have been six conservative wave elections since 1968, all fuelled by white fury.	1
Since 1968 , there have been six conservative wave elections , all fueled by white fury .	Since 1968, there have been six conservative wave elections, all fuelled by white fury.	1
Since 1968 , there have been six conservative wave elections , all fueled by white fury .	Six conservative wave elections have been held since 1968, all fuelled by white fury.	1
Since 1968 , there have been six conservative wave elections , all fueled by white fury .	Since 1968, there have been six conservative wave elections, all fueled by white fury.	1
Since 1968 , there have been six conservative wave elections , all fueled by white fury .	Six conservative wave elections have taken place since 1968, all fueled by white fury.	1
Since 1968 , there have been six conservative wave elections , all fueled by white fury .	Six conservative wave elections have occurred since 1968, all fuelled by white fury.	1
Since 1968 , there have been six conservative wave elections , all fueled by white fury .	Six conservative wave elections have been held since 1968, all fueled by white fury.	1
Trumps team says it will ban lobbyists from working in the administration	Trumps Team Announces Ban on Lobbyists From Working in Administration	1
To repair DNC , progressives get behind Rep. Ellison , who blames Trump for election defeat	To repair DNC, progressives get behind Rep. Ellison, who blames Trump for election defeat	1
To repair DNC , progressives get behind Rep. Ellison , who blames Trump for election defeat	To repair DNC, Progressives get behind Rep. Ellison, who blames Trump for election defeat	1
To repair DNC , progressives get behind Rep. Ellison , who blames Trump for election defeat	To repair DNC, progressives get behind Rep. Ellison, who blames Trump for election defeat.	1
To repair DNC , progressives get behind Rep. Ellison , who blames Trump for election defeat	To repair DNC, Progressives Get Behind Rep. Ellison, Who Blames Trump for Election defeat.	1
To repair DNC , progressives get behind Rep. Ellison , who blames Trump for election defeat	To repair DNC, progressives get behind rep. Ellison, who blames Trump for election defeat	1
To repair DNC , progressives get behind Rep. Ellison , who blames Trump for election defeat	In order to repair DNC, progressives get behind Rep. Ellison, who blames Trump for election defeat	1
To repair DNC , progressives get behind Rep. Ellison , who blames Trump for election defeat	In an attempt to repair the DNC, progressives get behind Rep. Ellison, who blames Trump for the defeat.	1
To repair DNC , progressives get behind Rep. Ellison , who blames Trump for election defeat	To fix the DNC, progressives get behind Rep. Ellison, who blames Trump for election defeat	1
To repair DNC , progressives get behind Rep. Ellison , who blames Trump for election defeat	To fix DNC, Progressives Get Behind Rep. Ellison, Who Blames Trump for Election Defeat	1
To repair DNC , progressives get behind Rep. Ellison , who blames Trump for election defeat	To fix DNC, Progressives get behind Rep. Ellison, who blames Trump for election defeat	1
To repair DNC , progressives get behind Rep. Ellison , who blames Trump for election defeat	To fix DNC, progressives get behind Rep. Ellison, who blames Trump for election defeat	1
To repair DNC , progressives get behind Rep. Ellison , who blames Trump for election defeat	In order to repair the DNC, Progressives Get Behind Rep. Ellison, who Blames Trump for Election Defeat	1
To repair DNC , progressives get behind Rep. Ellison , who blames Trump for election defeat	To repair DNC, Progressives Get Behind Rep. Ellison, who Blames Trump for Election Loss	1
Voters target Electoral College members to switch their Trump ballots , elect Clinton	Voters target Electoral College members to switch Trump ballots, elect Clinton	1
Voters target Electoral College members to switch their Trump ballots , elect Clinton	Voters target Electoral College members to switch their Trump ballots, elect Clinton	1
Voters target Electoral College members to switch their Trump ballots , elect Clinton	voters target members of Electoral College to switch their Trump ballots to elect Clinton	1
Voters target Electoral College members to switch their Trump ballots , elect Clinton	Voters Target Electoral College Members to Switch Trump Ballots to elect Clinton	1
As a black woman in journalism , Gwen Ifill spent her stellar career proving people wrong	As a black woman in journalism, Gwen Ifill spent her stellar career proving people wrong	1
As a black woman in journalism , Gwen Ifill spent her stellar career proving people wrong	As a black woman in journalism, Gwen Ifill spent her stellar career proving people wrong.	1
As a black woman in journalism , Gwen Ifill spent her stellar career proving people wrong	As a black woman in journalism, Gwen Ifill crafted a stellar career that found people wrong.	1
As a black woman in journalism , Gwen Ifill spent her stellar career proving people wrong	As a black woman in journalism, Gwen Ifill devoted her entire career to proving people wrong.	1
@AsraNomani is an immigrant , a Muslim and a life-long liberal . She also voted for Trump .	AsraNomani is an immigrant, a Muslim and a life-long liberal. She also voted for Trump.	1
Twitter suspends alt-right accounts like Richard Spencer's who we spoke with this summer	Twitter suspends alt right accounts like Richard Spencer, who We spoke with this summer.	1
Twitter suspends alt-right accounts like Richard Spencer's who we spoke with this summer	Twitter suspends alt-right accounts, like Richard Spencer, who we spoke with this summer.	1
Twitter suspends alt-right accounts like Richard Spencer's who we spoke with this summer	Twitter suspends alt-right figures like Richard Spencer, who We spoke with this Summer	1
Twitter suspends alt-right accounts like Richard Spencer's who we spoke with this summer	Twitter suspends alt-right accounts like Richard Spencer, who we spoke with this summer	1
Twitter suspends alt-right accounts like Richard Spencer's who we spoke with this summer	Twitter suspends alt-right figures like Spencer, who We spoke with this summer.	1
Twitter suspends alt-right accounts like Richard Spencer's who we spoke with this summer	Twitter suspends alt-right-friendly accounts, like Richard Spencer, who we spoke with this summer.	1
Twitter suspends alt-right accounts like Richard Spencer's who we spoke with this summer	Twitter suspends alt-right figures like Richard Spencer, who We spoke with this summer	1
We could effectively abolish the Electoral College soon . But we probably won't:	We could effectively abolish the Electoral College soon. But we probably won't:	1
Arizona's presidential electors being harassed , urged not to cast vote for Trump	Arizona presidential electors being harassed, urged not to cast vote for'Trump	1
On Twitter , Michael Flynn interacted with the alt-right , made controversial comments on Muslims and shared fake news	On Twitter, Michael Flynn interacted with the alt-right, made controversial comments on Muslims, and shared fake news.	1
On Twitter , Michael Flynn interacted with the alt-right , made controversial comments on Muslims and shared fake news	On Twitter, Michael Flynn interacted with alt-right, made controversial comments on Muslims and shared fake news.	1
On Twitter , Michael Flynn interacted with the alt-right , made controversial comments on Muslims and shared fake news	On Twitter, Michael Flynn interacted with the alt-right, made controversial comments on Muslims, and shared fake news	1
Trump protests intensify , as doubts swirl about spontaneity	Trump Protests Deepen as Doubts swirl About Spontaneity	1
Media remain hostile to Donald Trump even as some pundits admit they blew it	media remain hostile to Donald Trump despite some pundits admit they blew it	1
Media remain hostile to Donald Trump even as some pundits admit they blew it	Media remain hostile to Donald Trump even as some pundits admit they blew	1
what is literally the first ocean liner you think of when anyone says ocean liner	what is literally the first ocean liner you think of when anyone says ocean liner?	1
what is literally the first ocean liner you think of when anyone says ocean liner	What is the first ocean liner you think of when anyone says ocean liner?	1
what is literally the first ocean liner you think of when anyone says ocean liner	what is literally the first ocean liner you think of when anyone says " ocean liner "?	1
what is literally the first ocean liner you think of when anyone says ocean liner	What is literally the first ocean liner you think of when anyone says ocean liner?	1
David Brooks on the life and example of Gwen Ifill . He was a commentator on her show " NewsHour .	David Brooks on the life and example of Gwen Ifill, being a commentator on her news show NewsHour	1
David Brooks on the life and example of Gwen Ifill . He was a commentator on her show " NewsHour .	David Brooks on the life and example of Gwen Ifill He was a commentator on her show NewsHour.	1
David Brooks on the life and example of Gwen Ifill . He was a commentator on her show " NewsHour .	David Brooks on the life and example of Gwen Ifill: He was a commentator on her show NewsHour	1
David Brooks on the life and example of Gwen Ifill . He was a commentator on her show " NewsHour .	David Brooks on Gwen Ifill's life and example He was a commentator on her news show " NewsHour.	1
David Brooks on the life and example of Gwen Ifill . He was a commentator on her show " NewsHour .	David Brooks: The Life and Example of Gwen Ifill. He was a commentator on her'NewsHour'show.	1
The racist , fascist extreme right is represented footsteps from the Oval Office a Republican said of Steve Bannon	The racist, fascist extreme right is represented footsteps from the Oval Office, a Republican said of Steve Bannon	1
The racist , fascist extreme right is represented footsteps from the Oval Office a Republican said of Steve Bannon	The racist, fascist extreme right is represented by the footsteps from Oval Office A Republican said of Steve Bannon	1
Sinners in the hands of an angry YAAAASSS QUEEN	Sinners in the Hands of an Anxious YAAAASSS Queen	1
Sinners in the hands of an angry YAAAASSS QUEEN	Sinners in the hands of an angry YAAAASSS QUEEN!	1
Sinners in the hands of an angry YAAAASSS QUEEN	Sinners in the hands of a angry YAAAASSS Queen	1
Sinners in the hands of an angry YAAAASSS QUEEN	Sinners in the hands of an angry YAAAASSS Queen.	1
Sinners in the hands of an angry YAAAASSS QUEEN	Sinners in the hands of an angry YAAAASSS QUEEN.	1
We are on the verge of a consumer M & Aavalanche	We are on the verge of a consumer M & A/Aavalanche	1
Australia will transfer hundreds of refugees to the US under ' one-off ' agreement	Australia will transfer hundreds of refugees to the USA under a one-off deal	1
Australia will transfer hundreds of refugees to the US under ' one-off ' agreement	Australia will transport hundreds of refugees to the United States under a One-Off -Agreement	1
Australia will transfer hundreds of refugees to the US under ' one-off ' agreement	Australia will move hundreds of refugees to the US under one-off'deal	1
Australia will transfer hundreds of refugees to the US under ' one-off ' agreement	Australia will transfer hundreds of refugees to the USA under " one-off " deal	1
Australia will transfer hundreds of refugees to the US under ' one-off ' agreement	Australia will send hundreds of refugees to the US under'one-off'agreement	1
Australia will transfer hundreds of refugees to the US under ' one-off ' agreement	Australia is transferring hundreds of refugees to the United States under a 'one-off' deal	1
Australia will transfer hundreds of refugees to the US under ' one-off ' agreement	Australia will send hundreds of refugees to the US under'one-off'deal	1
Australia will transfer hundreds of refugees to the US under ' one-off ' agreement	Australia will transfer hundreds of refugees to the USA under a'one-off'deal	1
Australia will transfer hundreds of refugees to the US under ' one-off ' agreement	Australia will take hundreds of refugees to the US under a one-off'deal	1
Donald Trump's ' Transition Team ' launches	Trump's " transition team " launches	1
What if Hamilton actor had said THIS to Vice President-elect Pence	What if Hamilton actor had said THIS to Vice President-elect Pence?	1
What if Hamilton actor had said THIS to Vice President-elect Pence	What if the Hamilton actor had said THIS to Vice President-Elect Pence?	1
Donald Trump's push for term limits will run into a wall of resistance in Congress	Trump's push for term limits will run into a wall of resistance in Congress	1
French IoT startup Sigfox confirms 150M Series E at a valuation of around 600M	French IoT startup Sigfox confirms 150M Series E at 600M valuation	1
French IoT startup Sigfox confirms 150M Series E at a valuation of around 600M	French IoT startup Sigfox confirms 150M Series E at 600M-value	1
Black freshmen at UPenn were added to a " Daily Lynching " hate group	Black Freshmen at UPenn Became a'Daily Lynching'Hate Group	1
When you're the only bank in a company town , and that company is Al Qaeda	When you're the only bank in a company town, and that company is Al Qaeda.	1
When you're the only bank in a company town , and that company is Al Qaeda	If you're the only bank in a company town, and that company is Al Qaeda.	1
When you're the only bank in a company town , and that company is Al Qaeda	When you're the only bank in a company town, and that company is Al Qaeda	1
When you're the only bank in a company town , and that company is Al Qaeda	When you're the only bank in a company town, and that company is Al-Qaeda	1
Chilling NASA video shows Arctic ice vanish over the span of 30 years	Chilling NASA video shows Arctic ice disappearing over 30 years	1
Russia will withdraw from International Criminal Court under a directive signed by President Vladimir Putin	Russia is to withdraw from the International Criminal Court, under a directive signed by President Vladimir Putin.	1
Russia will withdraw from International Criminal Court under a directive signed by President Vladimir Putin	Russia will leave the International Criminal Court under a directive signed by President Vladimir Putin.	1
Russia will withdraw from International Criminal Court under a directive signed by President Vladimir Putin	Russia will pull out of the International Criminal Court under a directive signed by President Vladimir Putin	1
Russia will withdraw from International Criminal Court under a directive signed by President Vladimir Putin	Russia will exit the International Criminal Court under a directive signed by President Vladimir Putin	1
Russia will withdraw from International Criminal Court under a directive signed by President Vladimir Putin	Russia will withdraw from the International Criminal Court under a directive signed by President Vladimir Putin.	1
President-elect Trump willing to keep parts of ObamaCare	President-elect Trump willing to keep part of ObamaCare	1
Who Benefits From Donald Trump's Tax Plan ?	Who Benefits From Donald Trump's Tax Plan?	1
Who Benefits From Donald Trump's Tax Plan ?	Who Benefits From Donald Trumps Tax Plan?	1
The asteroid that helped wipe out the dinosaurs left a nasty scar on planet Earth	An asteroid that helped wipe out dinosaurs has left a nasty scar on planet Earth	1
Do you have information about abortions Trump may have paid for ? Let us know .	Do you have information about abortions Trump may have paid for? Let us know below	1
If a fruit or vegetable isn't grown in dirt should it still be called organic ?	If a fruit or vegetable isn't grown in dirt, should it still be organic?	1
If a fruit or vegetable isn't grown in dirt should it still be called organic ?	If a fruit or vegetable isn't grown in dirt, should it still be called organic?	1
A lesson from Italy for Democrats Treat Donald Trump as an ordinary opponent .	A lesson from Italy for Democrats: Treat Donald Trump as an Ordinary Opponent	1
A lesson from Italy for Democrats Treat Donald Trump as an ordinary opponent .	A lesson from Italy for Democrats, Treat Donald Trump as an Ordinary Opponent	1
Watch Kate McKinnon perform Leonard Cohens " Hallelujah " on Saturday Night Live	Watch Kate McKinnon sing Leonard Cohens " Hallelujah " on Saturday Night Live	1
President of university founded by Jefferson asked to not quote Jefferson	President of the University founded by Jefferson asked not to quote Jefferson	1
Before the election , a note on their door said " Terrorist Leave no one wants you here . After it , they're afraid .	Before the election, a note on their door said, Terrorist Leave No One Wants You Here. After it, they're afraid.	1
Before the election , a note on their door said " Terrorist Leave no one wants you here . After it , they're afraid .	Before the election, a note on the door said " Terrorist Leave no one wants you here After it, they're afraid ".	1
Say hello to the newest member of the Bush family . This is rescue puppy Freddy	Say hello to this latest member of the Bush family. This is rescue puppy Freddy	1
Say hello to the newest member of the Bush family . This is rescue puppy Freddy	Say hello to the newest member of the Bush family This is rescue puppy Freddy	1
Say hello to the newest member of the Bush family . This is rescue puppy Freddy	Say hello to the newest member of the Bush family. This is rescue puppy Freddy	1
High school students ' mock Trump assassination highlights post-election bullying , harassment	High School Students'mock Trump assassination highlights post-election bullying, harassment	1
High school students ' mock Trump assassination highlights post-election bullying , harassment	High school students'mock Trump assassination'highlights post-election bullying, harassment	1
High school students ' mock Trump assassination highlights post-election bullying , harassment	High School students'mock Trump assassination, highlights post-election bullying, harassment	1
High school students ' mock Trump assassination highlights post-election bullying , harassment	High school students'mock assassination of Trump, highlight post-election bullying, harassment	1
High school students ' mock Trump assassination highlights post-election bullying , harassment	High School Students'mock Trump assassination'highlights post-election bullying, harassment	1
High school students ' mock Trump assassination highlights post-election bullying , harassment	High school students'mock Trump assassination' highlights post-election bullying, harassment	1
High school students ' mock Trump assassination highlights post-election bullying , harassment	High school students'mock Trump assassination' highlight post-election bullying, harassment	1
High school students ' mock Trump assassination highlights post-election bullying , harassment	High school students'mock Trump assassination highlights post-election bullying, harassment	1
High school students ' mock Trump assassination highlights post-election bullying , harassment	High School Students'mock Trump assassination, highlights post-election bullying, harassment	1
Donald Trump is bringing America government by the worst men .	Donald Trump is bringing America government by the worst men	1
Donald Trump is bringing America government by the worst men .	Donald Trump Is Bringing America Governance by the Worst Men.	1
Donald Trump is bringing America government by the worst men .	Donald Trump is bringing America government by the worst men.	1
Donald Trump is bringing America government by the worst men .	Trump's bringing America government by the worst men	1
s unstated criticism of Clinton's campaign echoes my summarizing point here	s unstated criticism of Clinton campaign echoes my summarizing point here	1
s unstated criticism of Clinton's campaign echoes my summarizing point here	. s unstated criticism of Clinton's campaign echoes my summarizing point here.	1
s unstated criticism of Clinton's campaign echoes my summarizing point here	s unforced criticism of Clinton's campaign echoes my summarizing point here	1
s unstated criticism of Clinton's campaign echoes my summarizing point here	's unstated criticism of Clinton's campaign echoes my summarizing point here	1
s unstated criticism of Clinton's campaign echoes my summarizing point here	my unstated criticism of Clinton's campaign echoes my summarizing point here	1
s unstated criticism of Clinton's campaign echoes my summarizing point here	s unstated criticism of Clinton's campaign echoes my summarizing point here.	1
s unstated criticism of Clinton's campaign echoes my summarizing point here	Clinton's unstated criticism of the campaign echoes my summarizing point here	1
s unstated criticism of Clinton's campaign echoes my summarizing point here	s unqualified criticism of Clinton's campaign echoes my summarizing point here	1
s unstated criticism of Clinton's campaign echoes my summarizing point here	s unprovoked criticism of Clinton's campaign echoes my summarizing point here.	1
s unstated criticism of Clinton's campaign echoes my summarizing point here	s unwarranted criticism of Clinton's campaign echoes my summarizing point here	1
We can NEVER allow places like this to be dreamed of , built or used again .	We can NEVER allow places like this to be dreamed of, built or used again.	1
We can NEVER allow places like this to be dreamed of , built or used again .	We can NEVER allow places like this to be used, built, or dreamed of.	1
We can NEVER allow places like this to be dreamed of , built or used again .	We can NEVER allow places like this to be built, used, or dreamed of.	1
We can NEVER allow places like this to be dreamed of , built or used again .	We can never allow places like this to be dreamed of, built or used again.	1
We can NEVER allow places like this to be dreamed of , built or used again .	We can NEVER allow places like this to be imagined, built or used again.	1
We can NEVER allow places like this to be dreamed of , built or used again .	We can NEVER allow places like this to be used again, built or dreamed of.	1
We can NEVER allow places like this to be dreamed of , built or used again .	We can NEVER allow places like this to be dreamed of, built, or used again.	1
We can NEVER allow places like this to be dreamed of , built or used again .	We can never allow places like this to be dreamed of, built, or used again.	1
We can NEVER allow places like this to be dreamed of , built or used again .	We can NEVER allow places like this to be envisioned, built or used again.	1
We can NEVER allow places like this to be dreamed of , built or used again .	We can NEVER allow places like this to be used, built or dreamed of again.	1
We can NEVER allow places like this to be dreamed of , built or used again .	We can NEVER allow places like this to be built, dreamed of or used again.	1
We can NEVER allow places like this to be dreamed of , built or used again .	We can NEVER allow places like this to be built, dreamed of, or used again.	1
You can probably shrug off the supermoon . But there are other moons .	You can probably shrug off the supermoon. But there are other moons.	1
You can probably shrug off the supermoon . But there are other moons .	You Can Shrug Off the Supermoon. But There Are Other Moons.	1
Pence says no need for apology after Hamilton jeers , lecture	Pence Says No Need for Apologise After Hamilton Jeers, Lecture	1
Pence says no need for apology after Hamilton jeers , lecture	Pence says no need for apology after Hamilton jeers, lecture	1
Donald Trump says he plans to immediately deport approximately 2 to 3 million undocumented immigrants	Trump says he plans to immediately deport about 2 to 3 million undocumented immigrants	1
Donald Trump says he plans to immediately deport approximately 2 to 3 million undocumented immigrants	President-elect Trump says he plans to immediately deport about 2 to 3 million undocumented immigrants.	1
Donald Trump says he plans to immediately deport approximately 2 to 3 million undocumented immigrants	Trump says he will immediately deport between 2 to 3 million undocumented immigrants	1
Donald Trump says he plans to immediately deport approximately 2 to 3 million undocumented immigrants	Donald Trump says he plans to immediately deport about 2 to 3 million undocumented immigrants	1
Donald Trump says he plans to immediately deport approximately 2 to 3 million undocumented immigrants	President-elect Donald Trump has announced plans to immediately deport nearly 2 to 3 million undocumented immigrants.	1
Boom's supersonic jets will pick up where the Concorde left off	Boom's supersonic jets will pick up where Concorde left off	1
Boom's supersonic jets will pick up where the Concorde left off	Boom's supersonic jets set to pick up where Concorde left off	1
Boom's supersonic jets will pick up where the Concorde left off	Boom's supersonic jets pick up where Concorde left off	1
Boom's supersonic jets will pick up where the Concorde left off	Boom Boom's supersonic jets will pick up where the Concorde Left Off	1
Boom's supersonic jets will pick up where the Concorde left off	Boom's supersonic jets will pick up where the Concorde left off!	1
Americans aren't just divided after the election . We're divided over whether all have the same standing as Americans	Americans aren't just divided after the election. Were divided over whether all have the same standing as Americans	1
Americans aren't just divided after the election . We're divided over whether all have the same standing as Americans	Americans aren't just divided after the election. We're divided over whether we all have the same standing as Americans.	1
Speaker Paul Ryan We are not planning on erecting a deportation force	Speaker Paul Ryan We are not planning on erecting a deportation force?	1
Speaker Paul Ryan We are not planning on erecting a deportation force	Paul Ryan : We are not planning on erecting a deportation force	1
Speaker Paul Ryan We are not planning on erecting a deportation force	Paul Ryan: We are not planning on erecting a deportation force	1
Speaker Paul Ryan We are not planning on erecting a deportation force	Paul Ryan: 'We are not planning on erecting a deportation force	1
Speaker Paul Ryan We are not planning on erecting a deportation force	Speaker Paul Ryan Is Not Planning on Erecting a Deportation Force	1
How does the Electoral College work ?	How does the Electoral College work?	1
How does the Electoral College work ?	How does the electoral college work?	1
How does the Electoral College work ?	How Does the Electoral College Work?	1
Paul Ryan to maintain US House speaker role after unanimous GOP vote	Paul Ryan to remain US House Speaker after unanimous GOP vote	1
Trump to assemble cabinet from roster of loyalists	Donald Trump to assemble Cabinet from roster of loyalists	1
A Trump dynasty ? The Berlusconi experience in Italy provides a blueprint to thwart it .	A Trump Dynasty? The Berlusconi Experience in Italy Provides a blueprint to thwart it.	1
Tears ' and ' fear Harry Reid is not taking Trump's election well	Tears'and'fear Harry Reid is not taking Trump's election well	1
Tears ' and ' fear Harry Reid is not taking Trump's election well	Tears'and'Fear Harry Reid Is Not Making Trumps Election Well	1
Trump will be the only world leader to deny climate change	Trump is set to be the only global leader to deny climate change	1
Trump will be the only world leader to deny climate change	Donald Trump to be the only world leader to deny climate change	1
Trump will be the only world leader to deny climate change	Donald Trump will be the only world leader to deny climate change.	1
Trump will be the only world leader to deny climate change	Trump will be the only world leader to deny climate change. He will be the only one to deny it.	1
Trump will be the only world leader to deny climate change	Trump will be the only world leader to deny climate change.	1
Trump will be the only world leader to deny climate change	Trump is going to be the only world leader to deny climate change.	1
Trump will be the only world leader to deny climate change	Donald Trump Will Be the Only World Leader Denying Climate Change	1
Trump will be the only world leader to deny climate change	Trump Will Be the Only World Leader Deny Climate Change	1
Trump will be the only world leader to deny climate change	Donald Trump will be the only world leader to deny climate change	1
Trump will be the only world leader to deny climate change	Donald Trump Will Be the Only World Leader Deny Climate Change	1
When we look back , well see something different from Clinton's abrupt , shocking defeat .	When we look back, we can see something very different from Clinton's abrupt, shocking defeat.	1
When we look back , well see something different from Clinton's abrupt , shocking defeat .	Now, when we look back, we see something different from Clinton's abrupt, shocking defeat.	1
When we look back , well see something different from Clinton's abrupt , shocking defeat .	When we look back, we see something different from Clinton's abrupt, shocking defeat.	1
North Korea begs China to stop calling Kim Jong Un fat	North Korea begging China to halt calling Kim Jong Un fat	1
North Korea begs China to stop calling Kim Jong Un fat	North Korea begs China to stop calling Kim Jong Un fat.	1
North Korea begs China to stop calling Kim Jong Un fat	North Korea Asks China to Stop Calling Kim Jong Un Fat	1
First comes the emergency . Then comes the surprise out-of-network bill .	First comes the emergency and the next comes the surprise out-of-network bill	1
First comes the emergency . Then comes the surprise out-of-network bill .	First comes the emergency and then comes the surprise out-of-network bill.	1
First comes the emergency . Then comes the surprise out-of-network bill .	First, comes the emergency, then comes the surprise out-of-network bill.	1
First comes the emergency . Then comes the surprise out-of-network bill .	First the emergency bill. Then comes the surprise out-of-network.	1
First comes the emergency . Then comes the surprise out-of-network bill .	First, the emergency, then comes the surprise out-of-network bill.	1
First comes the emergency . Then comes the surprise out-of-network bill .	First comes the Emergency and then the Surprise Out-of-Network Bill.	1
Trump's lawyer threatened me , seemed OK with me getting physically hurt .	Trump's lawyer threatened me, seemed OK with me getting physically hurt.	1
Trump's lawyer threatened me , seemed OK with me getting physically hurt .	Trump's lawyer threatened me, seemed OK with me getting physically hurt	1
Trump's lawyer threatened me , seemed OK with me getting physically hurt .	Trump lawyer threatens me, seems OK with me getting physically hurt	1
Donald Trump chose Reince Priebus as his chief of staff and Steve Bannon as a chief strategist and senior counselor	Trump chooses Reince Priebus as Chief of Staff and Steve Bannon as a Chief Strategist and Senior Counselor	1
Donald Trump chose Reince Priebus as his chief of staff and Steve Bannon as a chief strategist and senior counselor	Donald Trump picks Reince Priebus as his chief of staff and Steve Bannon as his top strategist and senior counselor.	1
Donald Trump chose Reince Priebus as his chief of staff and Steve Bannon as a chief strategist and senior counselor	The Trump administration has chosen Reince Priebus as chief of staff and Steve Bannon as chief strategist and senior counselor.	1
Donald Trump chose Reince Priebus as his chief of staff and Steve Bannon as a chief strategist and senior counselor	Donald Trump chose Reince Priebus as his chief of staff, and Steve Bannon as his chief strategist and senior counsel.	1
Donald Trump chose Reince Priebus as his chief of staff and Steve Bannon as a chief strategist and senior counselor	Trump chooses Reince Priebus as chief of staff and Steve Bannon as strategist and senior counselor.	1
Donald Trump chose Reince Priebus as his chief of staff and Steve Bannon as a chief strategist and senior counselor	Mr. Trump chose Reince Priebus as his chief of staff and Mr. Bannon as his chief strategist and senior counselor.	1
Donald Trump chose Reince Priebus as his chief of staff and Steve Bannon as a chief strategist and senior counselor	Trump chooses Reince Priebus as his Chief of Staff and Steve Bannon as his Chief Strategist and Senior Counsel	1
One high school student said that after the election , school is " a different environment	One High School Student Says After Election, School Is'a Different Environment	1
One high school student said that after the election , school is " a different environment	One high school student told me that school is'a different environment'after the election.	1
One high school student said that after the election , school is " a different environment	One High School Student Says After Election, School Is'A Different Environment.	1
The brash Conor McGregor delivered a knockout in the UFC's New York debut	Conor McGregor, the brash Conor McGregor, Delivers a Knockout in UFC's New York Debut	1
The brash Conor McGregor delivered a knockout in the UFC's New York debut	Conor McGregor, the brash Conor McGregor, delivered a knockout in the UFC's New York debut	1
The brash Conor McGregor delivered a knockout in the UFC's New York debut	Conor McGregor, the brash Conor McGregor, delivered a knockout in UFC's New York debut.	1
The brash Conor McGregor delivered a knockout in the UFC's New York debut	Conor McGregor, the brash Conor McGregor, Delivers a Knockout in the UFC's New York Debut	1
Preinstalled software in some Android phones monitor where users go , whom they talk to and what they write in texts	Preinstalled Software in Some Android Phones Monitor Where Users Go, Who They Talk To and What They Write in Texts	1
Preinstalled software in some Android phones monitor where users go , whom they talk to and what they write in texts	Preinstalled software in some Android phones monitor where users go, who they talk to, and what they write in texts	1
Preinstalled software in some Android phones monitor where users go , whom they talk to and what they write in texts	Preinstalled software in some Android phones monitors where users go, whom they talk to, and what they write in texts.	1
Preinstalled software in some Android phones monitor where users go , whom they talk to and what they write in texts	Preinstalled software on some Android phones monitor where users go, who they talk to and what they write in text	1
Preinstalled software in some Android phones monitor where users go , whom they talk to and what they write in texts	Preinstalled software in some Android phones monitor where users go, whom they talk to and what they write in texts.	1
Preinstalled software in some Android phones monitor where users go , whom they talk to and what they write in texts	Preinstalled software in some Android phones monitor where users go, who they talk to and what they write in texts	1
The overwhelming majority of Black Friday deals are duds . Here's how to find the bargains .	The overwhelming majority of Black Friday deals are duds. Here's how to find the bargains.	1
Republicans stole the Supreme Court . Democrats , dont let them get away with it .	Republicans Stole Supreme Court Democrats, Dont Let Them Get Away With It!	1
Dem establishment made and primed a doomsday device that Trump will now control	The Dem establishment made and primed a doomsday device that Trump will now control	1
49ers QB Colin Kaepernick I think it would be hypocritical of me to vote	49ers QB Colin Kaepernick: "I think it would be hypocritical of me to vote	1
Media coverage of " issues that divide us " is " irresponsible	Media coverage of'issues that divide us'is'irresponsible	1
Media coverage of " issues that divide us " is " irresponsible	News Coverage of'Issues That Divide Us'is'irresponsible	1
The 11 most soothing Joe Biden memes for a post-election America	The 11 most soothing Joe Biden memes for a post-election America.	1
Coddling campus crybabies Students take up toddler therapy after Trump win	CRYBABIES Coddling campus crybabies Students take up toddler therapy after Trump's win	1
In case what you're really looking for is a story about a lost dog in Brooklyn	What You're Really Looking For is a Story About a Lost Dog in Brooklyn	1
A renewed blitz on Syria's eastern Aleppo has killed almost 300 people in five days , rescuers say .	A renewed blitz on Syrian eastern Aleppo has killed nearly 300 people in five days, rescuers say.	1
Sprinklr acquires LittleBird , a tool for finding experts on anything via Twitter	Sprinklr acquires LittleBird, a tool for finding experts on anything via Twitter	1
Sprinklr acquires LittleBird , a tool for finding experts on anything via Twitter	Sprinklr acquires LittleBird, a tool for finding expert on anything via Twitter.	1
Sprinklr acquires LittleBird , a tool for finding experts on anything via Twitter	Sprinklr buys LittleBird, a tool for finding experts on anything via Twitter via	1
Sprinklr acquires LittleBird , a tool for finding experts on anything via Twitter	Srinklr acquires LittleBird, a tool for finding experts on anything via Twitter	1
Am I dead , too ? Facebook started telling users that their pages had been memorialized . Then things got awkward .	I'm dead too? Facebook started telling users that their pages had been memorialized. Then things got awkward.	1
Am I dead , too ? Facebook started telling users that their pages had been memorialized . Then things got awkward .	Am I dead too? Facebook started telling users that their pages had been memorialized. Then things got awkward.	1
Am I dead , too ? Facebook started telling users that their pages had been memorialized . Then things got awkward .	Are you dead too? Facebook started telling users that their pages had been memorialized. Then things got awkward.	1
Am I dead , too ? Facebook started telling users that their pages had been memorialized . Then things got awkward .	Facebook - Is I dead, too? Facebook started telling users that their pages had been memorialized. Then things got awkward.	1
For continuity's sake , CNN should keep paying him while he's in the White House	For continuity's sake, CNN should keep pay him while he's in the White House	1
For continuity's sake , CNN should keep paying him while he's in the White House	For continuity's sake, CNN should pay him while he's in the White House	1
For continuity's sake , CNN should keep paying him while he's in the White House	For continuity's sake, CNN should keep paying him while he's in the White House.	1
Snapchat's fans , not the media , are telling the world about Spectacles	Fans of Snapchat, not the media, are telling the world about Spectacles	1
It's time for Democrats to move far past the Clintons , says @FrankBruni	Its time for Democrats to move far past the Clintons, says @FrankBruni	1
It's time for Democrats to move far past the Clintons , says @FrankBruni	It's time for Democrats to move far past the Clintons ", says @FrankBruni	1
It's time for Democrats to move far past the Clintons , says @FrankBruni	It's time for Democrats to move far past the Clintons, says @FrankBruni	1
It's time for Democrats to move far past the Clintons , says @FrankBruni	It's time for Democrats to move far past the Clintons, @FrankBruni.	1
A 330-foot asteroid probably won't hit the Earth any time soon . But NASA and FEMA are preparing .	A 330-foot asteroid likely won't hit Earth anytime soon. But NASA and FEMA are preparing.	1
A 330-foot asteroid probably won't hit the Earth any time soon . But NASA and FEMA are preparing .	A 330-foot asteroid likely won't hit Earth any time soon. But NASA and FEMA are preparing.	1
China's leader spoke with US President-elect Donald Trump to congratulate him on his election victory .	China's leader spoke with US president-elect Donald Trump to congratulate him on his election victory	1
Donald Trump floats an olive branch might keep parts of the health law	Trump Floats an Olive Branch Might Keep Parts of The Health Law	1
Donald Trump floats an olive branch might keep parts of the health law	Trump Floats an Olive Branch Might Keep Parts of the Health Law.	1
Donald Trump floats an olive branch might keep parts of the health law	Trump floats an olive branch might keep parts of the health law	1
Donald Trump floats an olive branch might keep parts of the health law	Trump floats an olive branch might keep parts of Health Law.	1
Donald Trump floats an olive branch might keep parts of the health law	Donald Trump floats an olive branch might keep parts of the health law.	1
Donald Trump floats an olive branch might keep parts of the health law	Donald Trump Floats an Olive Branch Might Keep Parts of the Health Law.	1
Donald Trump floats an olive branch might keep parts of the health law	Trump Floats an Olive Branch Might Keep Parts of the Health Law	1
I can assure the American people " there won't be " any sort of undue influence .	I can assure the American people that there won't be " any sort of excessive influence.	1
I can assure the American people " there won't be " any sort of undue influence .	I can assure the American people there won't be'any sort of undue influence.	1
I can assure the American people " there won't be " any sort of undue influence .	I can assure the American people that " there won't be'any sort of undue influence.	1
I can assure the American people " there won't be " any sort of undue influence .	I can assure the American people : 'there won't be' any kind of undue influence.	1
I can assure the American people " there won't be " any sort of undue influence .	I can assure the American people, " there won't be'any sort of undue influence.	1
I can assure the American people " there won't be " any sort of undue influence .	I can assure the American people " there won't be " any sort of undue influence.	1
I can assure the American people " there won't be " any sort of undue influence .	I can assure the American people that there won't be'any sort of undue influence '.	1
I can assure the American people " there won't be " any sort of undue influence .	I can assure the American people " there won't be " any sort of unnecessary influence.	1
The ascent of California as a center of design has been unstoppable	The rise of California as a center of design has been unstoppable	1
The ascent of California as a center of design has been unstoppable	The ascension of California as a Center of Design has been unstoppable	1
The ascent of California as a center of design has been unstoppable	The ascent of California's design center has been unstoppable	1
Google and Facebook ban fake news sites from their advertising networks	Google and Facebook ban fake news from their advertising networks	1
Google and Facebook ban fake news sites from their advertising networks	Google and Facebook ban fake news from advertising networks.	1
Google and Facebook ban fake news sites from their advertising networks	Google and Facebook ban fake news sites from advertising	1
Google and Facebook ban fake news sites from their advertising networks	Google and Facebook ban fake news sites from their ads	1
It will be as close as we are ever going to have to a state-run media enterprise .	It will be as close to a state-run media enterprise as we are ever going to have.	1
It will be as close as we are ever going to have to a state-run media enterprise .	It will be as close as we are ever going to have to a state-run media enterprise.	1
It will be as close as we are ever going to have to a state-run media enterprise .	It will be as close as we are ever going to have to a state-owned media enterprise.	1
At least 73 people killed and more than 110 wounded in fuel truck explosion in Mozambique , government officials say	73 people were killed and more than 110 wounded in fuel truck explosion in Mozambique, government officials say	1
At least 73 people killed and more than 110 wounded in fuel truck explosion in Mozambique , government officials say	At least 73 people killed and more than 110 wounded in fuel truck explosion in Mozambique, government officials say	1
At least 73 people killed and more than 110 wounded in fuel truck explosion in Mozambique , government officials say	At least 73 people killed and more than 110 wounded in fuel truck explosion in #Mozambique Government officials say	1
At least 73 people killed and more than 110 wounded in fuel truck explosion in Mozambique , government officials say	At least 73 people killed and more than 110 wounded in fuel truck explosion in #Mozambique, government officials say	1
At least 73 people killed and more than 110 wounded in fuel truck explosion in Mozambique , government officials say	At least 73 people killed and more than 110 wounded in fuel truck explosion near #Mozambique, government officials say	1
Don't fear Trump legislation . It's what he can do without Congress that's terrifying .	Don't fear Trumps bill. It's what he can do without Congress that's terrifying.	1
Don't fear Trump legislation . It's what he can do without Congress that's terrifying .	Don't fear Trump's legislation. It's what he can do without Congress that's terrifying.	1
Don't fear Trump legislation . It's what he can do without Congress that's terrifying .	Don't fear Trump legislation it's what he can do without Congress that is terrifying.	1
Don't fear Trump legislation . It's what he can do without Congress that's terrifying .	Don't fear... Trump legislation is what he can do without Congress that's terrifying	1
Iraqi security forces discovered two mass graves near the city of Mosul containing around 250 bodies , police say .	Iraqi security forces discovered two mass graves near the city of Mosul containing around 250 bodies, police say.	1
Iraqi security forces discovered two mass graves near the city of Mosul containing around 250 bodies , police say .	Iraqi police discovered two mass graves near city of Mosul, which contain around 250 bodies, police say.	1
Iraqi security forces discovered two mass graves near the city of Mosul containing around 250 bodies , police say .	Iraqi security discovered two mass graves near the city of Mosul containing around 250 bodies, police say.	1
Iraqi security forces discovered two mass graves near the city of Mosul containing around 250 bodies , police say .	Iraqi security forces discovered two mass graves near the city of Mosul containing about 250 bodies, police say.	1
Iraqi security forces discovered two mass graves near the city of Mosul containing around 250 bodies , police say .	Iraqi security forces discovered two mass graves near city of Mosul, containing around 250 bodies, police say.	1
Where the Democrats go from here , by @BernieSanders .	Where the Democrats Go From Here by #BernieSanders	1
Where the Democrats go from here , by @BernieSanders .	Where the Democrats Go From Here by @BernieSanders	1
Where the Democrats go from here , by @BernieSanders .	Where the Democrats Go From Here, by @BernieSanders	1
When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999 , she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched  Gilmore Girls '' in 1999, she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	1
When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999 , she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999, she knew the final 4 words a character would speak.	1
When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999 , she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	In 1999, when Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched'Gilmore Girls'she knew the last 4 words a character would say	1
When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999 , she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	In 1999, when Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched  Gilmore Girls '', she knew the final 4 words a character would say	1
When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999 , she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched Gilmore Girls in 1999, she knew the final four words a character would speak	1
When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999 , she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched in 1999  Gilmore Girls '', she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	1
When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999 , she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched'Gilmore Girls'in 1999, she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	1
When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999 , she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched for Gilmore Girls in 1999, she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	1
When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999 , she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched'Gilmore Girls'in 1999, she knew the final 4 words a character would speak.	1
When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999 , she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	In 1999, when Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched  Gilmore Girls '', she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	1
When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999 , she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched in 1999,'Gilmore Girls ', she knew the final 4 words a character would say.	1
When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999 , she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched in 1999'Gilmore Girls ', she knew the last 4 words a character would speak.	1
When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999 , she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched in 1999  Gilmore Girls '' she knew the final 4 words a character would speak.	1
When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999 , she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	When Amy Sherman-Palladino wrote the 1999 film, Gilmore Girls, she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	1
When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999 , she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched in 1999'Gilmore Girls,' she knew the final 4 words a character would say	1
When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999 , she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched  Gilmore Girls '' in 1999, she knew the final 4 words a character would say	1
When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched " Gilmore Girls " in 1999 , she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	When Amy Sherman-Palladino pitched in 1999,'Gilmore Girls ', she knew the final 4 words a character would speak	1
As ratings plummet , the NFL considers reducing ads and the length of games	As Ratings Plummet, the NFL Considers Reducing Ads and Length of Games	1
As ratings plummet , the NFL considers reducing ads and the length of games	As Ratings Plummet, the NFL Considers Reducing Ads and Length of Games.	1
As ratings plummet , the NFL considers reducing ads and the length of games	As Ratings Plummet, NFL Considers Reducing Ads and Length of Games.	1
How to Survive an Autocracy . Masha Gessen , who grew up in Putin's Russia , has 6 rules for the Trump era .	How to Survive an Autocracy Masha Gessen, Growing Up in Putin's Russia, Has 6 Rules for the Trump Era	1
How to Survive an Autocracy . Masha Gessen , who grew up in Putin's Russia , has 6 rules for the Trump era .	How to Survive an Autocracy Masha Gessen, a Russian who grew up in Putin's Russia, has 6 rules for the Trump era	1
How to Survive an Autocracy . Masha Gessen , who grew up in Putin's Russia , has 6 rules for the Trump era .	How to Survive an Autocracy Masha Gessen, who grew up in Putin's Russia, has 6 rules for the Trump era.	1
How to Survive an Autocracy . Masha Gessen , who grew up in Putin's Russia , has 6 rules for the Trump era .	How to Survive an Autocracy. Masha Gessen, who grew up in Putin's Russia, has 6 rules for the Trump era	1
How to Survive an Autocracy . Masha Gessen , who grew up in Putin's Russia , has 6 rules for the Trump era .	How to Survive an Autocracy. Masha Gessen, Who grew up in Putin’s Russia, Has 6 Rules for the Trump Era	1
The political and social establishments are not the only establishments the Trumps have ignored , @VVFriedman writes	The Political and Social Establishments Were Not the Only Establishments That Trumps Have Ignored, writes @VVFriedman	1
The political and social establishments are not the only establishments the Trumps have ignored , @VVFriedman writes	The political and social establishments are not the only establishments that Trumps have ignored, @VVFriedman writes	1
The political and social establishments are not the only establishments the Trumps have ignored , @VVFriedman writes	The political and social establishments are not the only establishments the Trumps ignored, writes @VVFriedman	1
Putin looking to collect on his investment in Trump's campaign .	Putin looking to collect on his investment in Trump's campaign	1
Putin looking to collect on his investment in Trump's campaign .	Putin Looks to Collect on His Investment in Trump's Campaign.	1
Bernie Sanders on the election of Donald Trump I am saddened , but not surprised , by the outcome	Bernie Sanders on Trump Election: I am saddened, but not surprised, by the outcome.	1
Maine just voted for a better way to vote . So should you !	Maine Just Voted for a Better Way to Vote. And So Should You!	1
Maine just voted for a better way to vote . So should you !	Maine Just Voted for a Better Way to Vote. So Should You.	1
Maine just voted for a better way to vote . So should you !	Maine Just Voted for a Better Way to Vote, So Should You!	1
Maine just voted for a better way to vote . So should you !	Maine Just Voted for a Better Way to Vote, So Should You?	1
Maine just voted for a better way to vote . So should you !	Maine just voted for a better way to vote, so should you!	1
Maine just voted for a better way to vote . So should you !	Maine Just Voted for a Better Vote. And So Should You.	1
Maine just voted for a better way to vote . So should you !	Maine just voted for a better way to vote. So should you?	1
Maine just voted for a better way to vote . So should you !	Maine just voted for a better way to vote. So should you!	1
Maine just voted for a better way to vote . So should you !	Maine Just Voted for a Better Way to Vote. So Should You!	1
Americans are freaking out about losing Obamacare	Americans are freaking out about losing Obamacare.	1
Vice President-elect Mike Pence is taking over the Trump transition from Chris Christie	Vice President-elect Mike Pence will take over the Trump transition from Chris Christie	1
Vice President-elect Mike Pence is taking over the Trump transition from Chris Christie	Vice President-Elect Mike Pence to Take Over Trump Transition From Chris Christie	1
Vice President-elect Mike Pence is taking over the Trump transition from Chris Christie	Vice President-Elect Mike Pence will take over the Trump transition from Christie.	1
Grubhub CEO tells pro-Trump employees to resign	Grubhub CEO warns employees who support Trump to resign	1
Grubhub CEO tells pro-Trump employees to resign	Grubhub CEO tells employees pro-Trump to resign	1
One lesson for Dems Don't run the candidate whose turn it is .	One Lesson for Dems Don't Run the Candidate Whose Turn It Is	1
One lesson for Dems Don't run the candidate whose turn it is .	One Lesson for the Dems Don't Run the Candidate Whose Turn It Is	1
Can the " secret government " save us from Donald Trump ?	Can the'secret government'save America from Donald Trump?	1
Can the " secret government " save us from Donald Trump ?	Can the'Secret Government'Save Us From Donald Trump?	1
Leonard Cohen , epic and enigmatic songwriter , dies at 82	Leonard Cohen, epic and enigmatic songwriter, dies at 82	1
Leonard Cohen , epic and enigmatic songwriter , dies at 82	Leonard Cohen, epic and enigmatic songwriter, dies at 82!	1
Leonard Cohen , epic and enigmatic songwriter , dies at 82	Leonard Cohen, Epic and Enigmatic Songteller, Dies at 82	1
Leonard Cohen , epic and enigmatic songwriter , dies at 82	Leonard Cohen, Epic and Enigmatic Songteller, Dies At 82	1
Leonard Cohen , epic and enigmatic songwriter , dies at 82	Leonard Cohen, Epic and Enigmatic Songwriter, Dies at 82	1
Secretary of State Rudolph W . Hes the leading choice , Trump aides say	Secretary of State, Rudolph W. Hes the Leading Choice, Trump Aides Say	1
Secretary of State Rudolph W . Hes the leading choice , Trump aides say	Secretary of State Rudolph W. Hes the Leading Choice, Trump Aides Say	1
Since August , one area of Italy has endured about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks	Since August, one area of Italy has endured about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks.	1
Since August , one area of Italy has endured about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks	Since August, one area of Italy has endured around 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks.	1
Since August , one area of Italy has endured about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks	Since August, one area of Italy has suffered about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks.	1
Since August , one area of Italy has endured about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks	Since August, an area in Italy has had around 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks.	1
Since August , one area of Italy has endured about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks	Since August, an area of Italy has experienced about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks.	1
Since August , one area of Italy has endured about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks	A region in Italy has suffered about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks since August.	1
Since August , one area of Italy has endured about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks	Since August, one area of Italy has suffered around 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks	1
Since August , one area of Italy has endured about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks	One area of Italy has experienced a total of about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks since August.	1
Since August , one area of Italy has endured about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks	Since August, an area of Italy has endured around 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks	1
Since August , one area of Italy has endured about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks	Since August, one area of Italy has endured about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks	1
Since August , one area of Italy has endured about 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks	One area of Italy has been hit by an estimated 28,500 earthquakes and aftershocks since August.	1
Free beer for life ? These retirees are being cut off .	Free Beer for Life? These Retirees Are Cut Off!	1
Confronting Racism in Berlin , One Offensive T-Shirt at a Time	Confronting Racism in Berlin, One Offensive T-Shirt at a Time	1
Dog Parker , because even your dogs deserve a smart home	Dog Parker, because even your dogs deserve a smart home	1
Dog Parker , because even your dogs deserve a smart home	Dog Parker, Because Even Your Dogs Need a Smart Home	1
Dog Parker , because even your dogs deserve a smart home	Dog Parker, Because Even Your Dogs Should Have a Smart Home	1
In some states , a rapist can actually get parental rights to his victim's child .	In some states, a rapist can actually get parental rights to his victim's child.	1
In some states , a rapist can actually get parental rights to his victim's child .	In some states, a rapist can actually gain parental rights to his victim's child.	1
In some states , a rapist can actually get parental rights to his victim's child .	In some states, a rapist can even get parental rights for his victim's child.	1
In some states , a rapist can actually get parental rights to his victim's child .	In some states, a rapist can actually get parental rights for his victim's child.	1
In some states , a rapist can actually get parental rights to his victim's child .	In some states, a rapist can actually obtain parental rights for his child.	1
In some states , a rapist can actually get parental rights to his victim's child .	In some states, a rapist can actually obtain parental rights for his victim's child.	1
In some states , a rapist can actually get parental rights to his victim's child .	In some states a rapist can actually get parental rights to his victim's child.	1
In some states , a rapist can actually get parental rights to his victim's child .	In some states, a rapist can actually obtain parental rights to his victim's child.	1
In some states , a rapist can actually get parental rights to his victim's child .	In some states a rapist can actually get parental rights for his victim's child.	1
Soul and funk singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 of pancreatic cancer	Sharon Jones, Soul and Funk Singer, Dies at 60 Through Pancreatic Cancer	1
Soul and funk singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 of pancreatic cancer	Soul and Funk Singer Sharon Jones Dies at 60 from Pancreatic Cancer	1
Soul and funk singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 of pancreatic cancer	Soul and Funk Singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 from pancreatic cancer	1
Soul and funk singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 of pancreatic cancer	Soul and Funk Singer Sharon Jones Dead at 60 from Pancreatic Cancer	1
Soul and funk singer Sharon Jones dies at 60 of pancreatic cancer	Soul and Funk Singer Sharon Jones dead at 60 of pancreatic cancer	1
FBI TO BLAME ? tells #DNC fundraisers #Comey letter sank her presidential bid	FBI to blunder? tells #DNC fundraisers #Comey letter sank her presidential bid	1
Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner will not seek security clearances , sources say	Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner will not seek security clearances, sources say	1
St. Petersburg , Florida Durango , Colorado Georgetown , Delaware Traverse City , Michigan Mount Vernon , Ohio	St. Petersburg, Florida Durango, Colorado Georgetown, Delaware Traverse City, Michigan Mount Vernon, Ohio	1
St. Petersburg , Florida Durango , Colorado Georgetown , Delaware Traverse City , Michigan Mount Vernon , Ohio	St. Petersburg, Florida Durango, Colorado Georgetown, Delaware Traverse City, Michigan Mount Vernon, Ohio.	1
Police in Portland call anti-Trump protests a riot , saying projectiles thrown at officers and cars damaged .	Anti-Trump protests'riot police call the Portland police department a riot, saying projectiles thrown at officers and cars were damaged	1
Fake news on Facebook ? In foreign elections , thats not new .	Fake news in Facebook? In Foreign Elections, Thats Not New.	1
Fake news on Facebook ? In foreign elections , thats not new .	Fake news on Facebook in foreign elections, thats not new	1
Fake news on Facebook ? In foreign elections , thats not new .	Fake news on Facebook? in foreign elections, thats not new.	1
What will a Trump administration mean for the nation's public lands ? Hopes and fears abound .	What Will a Trump Administration Mean for Public Lands? Hopes and Fears Abound	1
What will a Trump administration mean for the nation's public lands ? Hopes and fears abound .	What Will a Trump Administration Mean for the Nation's Public Lands? Hopes and Fears Abound.	1
What will a Trump administration mean for the nation's public lands ? Hopes and fears abound .	What Will a Trump Administration Mean for the Nation’s Public Lands? Hopes and Fears Abound.	1
What will a Trump administration mean for the nation's public lands ? Hopes and fears abound .	What Will a Trump Administration Mean for Americas Public Lands? Hopes and Fears Abound.	1
What will a Trump administration mean for the nation's public lands ? Hopes and fears abound .	What Will a Trump Administration Mean for the Nation's Public Lands? Hopes and Fears Abound	1
How Apple Empowers , and Employs , the American Working Class	How Apple empowers and employs the American working class	1
How Apple Empowers , and Employs , the American Working Class	How Apple Empowers and Employs the American Working Class	1
How Apple Empowers , and Employs , the American Working Class	How Apple Empowers, and Employs, the American Working Class	1
How Apple Empowers , and Employs , the American Working Class	How Apple empowers and hires the American working class	1
How Apple Empowers , and Employs , the American Working Class	How Apple Empowers, and Employs the American Working Class	1
How Apple Empowers , and Employs , the American Working Class	How Apple empowers, and employs the American Working Class	1
How Apple Empowers , and Employs , the American Working Class	How Apple empowers, and employs the American working class	1
FBI director's letters about email probe ' stopped our momentum	Federal Bureau Director's Letters About Email Probe'Stopped Our Momentum	1
FBI director's letters about email probe ' stopped our momentum	FBI director's letters about email probe'stopped momentum	1
An important read if you're worried about how a President Trump will treat the press	What an important read if you're worried about how a President Trump will treat the press.	1
Snap is selling its camera-embedded sunglasses exclusively through vending machines	Snap is selling its camera-embedded sunglasses exclusively via vending machines	1
Snap is selling its camera-embedded sunglasses exclusively through vending machines	Snap are selling its camera-embedded sunglasses exclusively through vending machines	1
Snap is selling its camera-embedded sunglasses exclusively through vending machines	Snap is selling its camera-embedded sunglasses exclusively through vending machines.	1
Her passions are archaeology and baking . One day , she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread .	Her passions are archaeology and baking, and one day, she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread.	1
Her passions are archaeology and baking . One day , she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread .	Her passions are archaeology and baking and one day she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread.	1
Her passions are archaeology and baking . One day , she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread .	Her passions are archaeology and baking : one day she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread.	1
Her passions are archaeology and baking . One day , she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread .	Her hobbies are archaeology and baking : one day she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread.	1
Her passions are archaeology and baking . One day , she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread .	Her passions are archaeology and baking : one day she baked old cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread.	1
Her passions are archaeology and baking . One day , she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread .	Her passions are archaeology and baking, one day she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread.	1
Her passions are archaeology and baking . One day , she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread .	Her passions are archaeology and baking. One day she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread.	1
Her passions are archaeology and baking . One day , she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread .	Her passions are archaeology and baking, and one day she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread.	1
Her passions are archaeology and baking . One day , she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread .	Her passions are archaeology and baking : One day she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread.	1
Her passions are archaeology and baking . One day , she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread .	Her passions are archaeology and baking, one day baking ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread.	1
Her passions are archaeology and baking . One day , she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread .	She loves archaeology and baking : one day she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread.	1
Her passions are archaeology and baking . One day , she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread .	She loves archaeology and baking and one day she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread.	1
Her passions are archaeology and baking . One day , she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread .	She loves archaeology and baking : One day she baked ancient cuneiform tablets out of gingerbread.	1
Steve Bannon compares himself favorably to " Dick Cheney , Darth Vader , Satan	Steve Bannon compared himself favorably to'Dick Cheney, Darth Vader, Satan	1
Steve Bannon compares himself favorably to " Dick Cheney , Darth Vader , Satan	Steve Bannon compares himself favorably to " Dick Cheney, Darth Vader, Satan	1
From someone who covers the areas that I do having some major deja vu here .	From someone who covers the areas that I do, I am having some major deja vu here.	1
From someone who covers the areas that I do having some major deja vu here .	From someone who covers the areas I do, I am having some major deja vu here.	1
Snap has inverted the hardware funnel in a way that we havent seen since the Flip camera	Snap Snap has inverted the hardware funnel in a way that we havent seen since the Flip camera	1
Snap has inverted the hardware funnel in a way that we havent seen since the Flip camera	Snap has inverted the hardware funnel, in a way we havent seen since the Flip camera	1
Snap has inverted the hardware funnel in a way that we havent seen since the Flip camera	Snap has inverted the hardware funnel in a way we havent seen since the Flip camera	1
Meet the new Trump , same as the old Trump @AshleyRParker and me	Meet the New Trump. Same as the old Trump @AshleyRParker and me	1
15 families share the Thanksgiving dishes that speak most about their heritage and traditions	15 families share dishes from their Thanksgiving dishes that speak most about their heritage and traditions	1
Soyuz capsule carrying 3 astronauts docks with the International Space Station	Soyuz capsule carrying 3 astronauts docks with International Space Station	1
Soyuz capsule carrying 3 astronauts docks with the International Space Station	A Soyuz capsule carrying 3 astronauts docks with the International Space Station	1
Canceled classes , a cry-in and more College campuses reel from Trump win	Canceled classes, a cry-in and more College campuses reel from Trump win	1
Canceled classes , a cry-in and more College campuses reel from Trump win	Canceled classes, a cry-in, and more College campuses reel from Trump win	1
Canceled classes , a cry-in and more College campuses reel from Trump win	Canceled classes, a cry-in and more College campuses reel from Donald Trumps win	1
Canceled classes , a cry-in and more College campuses reel from Trump win	Canceled classes, a cry-in and more Colleges reel from Trump Win	1
Canceled classes , a cry-in and more College campuses reel from Trump win	Canceled classes, a cry-in, and more Colleges reel from Trump win	1
Howard Dean throws his hat into the ring for DNC chair	Dean throws his hat into the ring for DNC chair.	1
Carrie Fisher says she and Harrison Ford had an affair on the set of Star Wars	Carrie Fisher recounts she and Harrison Ford had an affair on the set of Star Wars.	1
Carrie Fisher says she and Harrison Ford had an affair on the set of Star Wars	Fisher says she and Harrison Ford had affair on the set of Star Wars.	1
Carrie Fisher says she and Harrison Ford had an affair on the set of Star Wars	Carrie Fisher says she and Harrison Ford had an affair on Star Wars set	1
Carrie Fisher says she and Harrison Ford had an affair on the set of Star Wars	Carrie Fisher says she and Harrison Ford had an affair on Star Wars set.	1
Carrie Fisher says she and Harrison Ford had an affair on the set of Star Wars	Carrie Fisher recounts how she and Harrison Ford had an affair on the set of Star Wars	1
Carrie Fisher says she and Harrison Ford had an affair on the set of Star Wars	Carrie Fisher says she and Harrison Ford had an affair on the set of Star Wars.	1
Carrie Fisher says she and Harrison Ford had an affair on the set of Star Wars	Carrie Fisher recounts her affair with Harrison Ford on the set of Star Wars	1
Carrie Fisher says she and Harrison Ford had an affair on the set of Star Wars	Carrie Fisher says she and Harrison Ford had an affair on Star Wars Set	1
Carrie Fisher says she and Harrison Ford had an affair on the set of Star Wars	Carrie Fisher says she and Harrison Ford had an affair on Star Wars' Set	1
Ivanka Trumps presence at meeting with the Prime Minister of Japan has raised more questions	Ivanka Trumps Presence at Meeting With Japanese Prime Minister raises questions	1
The stories of how these families celebrate Thanksgiving help tell the story of the U.S. , the story of who we are	The stories of how these families celebrate Thanksgiving help tell the story of America, the story of who we are	1
The stories of how these families celebrate Thanksgiving help tell the story of the U.S. , the story of who we are	The Stories of How These Families Celebrate Thanksgiving Help Tell the Story of the U.S., the Story of Who We Are	1
The stories of how these families celebrate Thanksgiving help tell the story of the U.S. , the story of who we are	The stories of how these families celebrate Thanksgiving help tell the story of the United States, the story of who we are	1
Trump's rumored housing secretary is best known for keeping his county segregated	Trump's rumored housing secretary is best known for keeping his county segregated.	1
Trump supporters vow never to use Grubhub after CEO memo goes viral	Trump supporters vow never to use #grubhub after CEO memo goes viral	1
Trump supporters vow never to use Grubhub after CEO memo goes viral	Trump supporters vow never to use grubhub after CEO memo goes viral.	1
Terror attacks in the developed world surge 650% in one year	Terror attacks in developed world surge 650% in one year	1
How Trump pushed the election map to the right	How Trump Pushes the Election Map to the Right	1
How Trump pushed the election map to the right	How Trump Moved the Election Map To the Right	1
How Trump pushed the election map to the right	How Trump pushed the electoral map to the right	1
The grandson of a sitting congressman was shot to death in Chicago Friday evening .	The grandson of a sitting congressman was shot to death Friday evening in Chicago.	1
The grandson of a sitting congressman was shot to death in Chicago Friday evening .	The grandson of a sitting congressman was shot dead Friday evening in Chicago.	1
The grandson of a sitting congressman was shot to death in Chicago Friday evening .	The grandson of a sitting congressman was shot to death Friday night in Chicago.	1
The grandson of a sitting congressman was shot to death in Chicago Friday evening .	The grandson of a sitting congressman was shot to death on Friday evening in Chicago.	1
Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism This world is racist , OK ?	Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism. This world is racist, okay?	1
Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism This world is racist , OK ?	Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism This world is racist, okay?	1
Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism This world is racist , OK ?	Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism This world is racist, OK?	1
Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism This world is racist , OK ?	Kanye West just wants black people to stop focusing on racism This world is racist, OK?	1
Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism This world is racist , OK ?	Kanye West Wants Black People to Stop focusing on Racism. This World Is Racist.	1
Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism This world is racist , OK ?	Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism. This world is racist.	1
Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism This world is racist , OK ?	Kanye West Wants Black People to Stop focusing on Racism This World Is Racist, OK?	1
Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism This world is racist , OK ?	Kanye West says black people must stop focusing on racism This world is racist, OK?	1
Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism This world is racist , OK ?	Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism The world is racist, OK?	1
Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism This world is racist , OK ?	Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism. This world is racist, OK?	1
Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism This world is racist , OK ?	Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism this world is racist, OK?	1
Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism This world is racist , OK ?	Kanye West Wants Black People to Stop Focusing on Racism. This World Is Racist.	1
Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism This world is racist , OK ?	Kanye West: Black People Must Stop focusing on Racism The World Is Racist, OK?	1
Kanye West wants black people to stop focusing on racism This world is racist , OK ?	Kanye West says black people should stop focusing on racism This world is racist, OK?	1
Why it's difficult to predict what Trump will actually do as president	Why it's difficult to predict what Trump will actually do as president.	1
Why it's difficult to predict what Trump will actually do as president	Why It's Hard to Predict What Trump Will Actually Do As President	1
Why it's difficult to predict what Trump will actually do as president	Why Its Hard to Predict What Trump Will Actually Do as President	1
Being American in the Donald Trump years	Being American in the Trump Years,	1
Being American in the Donald Trump years	Being American in the Trump Years	1
Being American in the Donald Trump years	Becoming American in the Trump Years	1
Being American in the Donald Trump years	Being American in the Trump Years.	1
This is what we're normalizing and flags are just the beginning .	This is what we're normalizing and flags are just the beginning.	1
This is what we're normalizing and flags are just the beginning .	This is what we're normalizing and Flags are just the beginning.	1
This is what we're normalizing and flags are just the beginning .	This is what we're normalizing, and the flags are just the beginning.	1
This is what we're normalizing and flags are just the beginning .	This is what we're normalizing. Flags are just the beginning.	1
This is what we're normalizing and flags are just the beginning .	This is what we're normalizing, and flags are just the beginning.	1
This is what we're normalizing and flags are just the beginning .	This is what we're normalizing and flags are only the beginning.	1
This is what we're normalizing and flags are just the beginning .	Obviously, this is what we're normalizing, and flags are just the beginning.	1
At Standing Rock , protesters need their own kind of fuel . They get it via a chaotic yet robust network .	At Standing Rock, protesters need their own fuel, they get it via a chaotic yet robust network.	1
At Standing Rock , protesters need their own kind of fuel . They get it via a chaotic yet robust network .	At Standing Rock, Protesters Need Their Own Fuel. They Get It via a Chaotic Yet Robust Network.	1
At Standing Rock , protesters need their own kind of fuel . They get it via a chaotic yet robust network .	Protesters at Standing Rock Need Their Own Fuel: They Get It via a Chaos Yet Robust Network.	1
At Standing Rock , protesters need their own kind of fuel . They get it via a chaotic yet robust network .	At Standing Rock, Protesters Need Their Own Fuel, They Get It via a Chaos, Yet Robust Network.	1
At Standing Rock , protesters need their own kind of fuel . They get it via a chaotic yet robust network .	At Standing Rock, Protesters Need Their Own Fuel, Get It via a Chaos, Yet Robust Network.	1
writes that all Donald Trump needs to do is what he presumably does best	wrote: All Donald Trump needs to do is what he presumably does best	1
writes that all Donald Trump needs to do is what he presumably does best	Writes That All Donald Trump Needs to Do Is What He Probably Does Best.	1
writes that all Donald Trump needs to do is what he presumably does best	wrote: All Trump needs to do is what he presumably does best.	1
writes that all Donald Trump needs to do is what he presumably does best	writes that all Trump needs to do is what he presumably does best.	1
writes that all Donald Trump needs to do is what he presumably does best	writes that all Trump needs to do is what he presumably does best	1
Hillary Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate besides Obama	Hillary Clinton Likely Received More Votes Than Any Presidential Candidate Outside Obama	1
Hillary Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate besides Obama	Clinton Likely Received More Votes Than Any Presidential Candidate besides Obama	1
Hillary Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate besides Obama	Clinton Likely Received More Votes Than Any Presidential Candidate Except Obama	1
Man attempts illegal soak in acidic Yellowstone hot pool reduced to wallet and flip-flops	Man attempts illegal soak in acidic Yellowstone hot pool, reduced to wallet and flip flops.	1
Man attempts illegal soak in acidic Yellowstone hot pool reduced to wallet and flip-flops	Man attempts illegal soak in acidic Yellowstone hot pool, is reduced to wallet and flip-flops	1
Man attempts illegal soak in acidic Yellowstone hot pool reduced to wallet and flip-flops	Man attempts illegal soak in acidic Yellowstone hot pool, reduced to wallet and flip-flops	1
Suck it up Lawmaker wants to cut funding for schools coddling students over Trump	Suck it up Lawmaker wants to cut funding for schools coddling students over Trump.	1
Suck it up Lawmaker wants to cut funding for schools coddling students over Trump	Suck it up A lawmaker wants to cut funding for schools coddling students over Trump	1
Suck it up Lawmaker wants to cut funding for schools coddling students over Trump	Suck it up A Lawmaker Wants to Cut Funding for Schools Coddling Students Over Trump	1
Mall Santa loses job for telling girl Hillary Clinton on naughty list	Mall Santa loses job for telling girl Hillary Clinton on naughty list.	1
Mall Santa loses job for telling girl Hillary Clinton on naughty list	Mall Santa loses job for telling girl Hillary Clinton on naughty list!	1
Liberal activists are doing deeper strategizing for what they think will be tumultuous times under Donald Trump	Liberal activists are doing deep strategizing for what they think will be tumultuous times under Trump	1
They swore allegiance to the " Hong Kong nation . Now they're barred from the legislature .	They Swore Allegiance to the Hong Kong Nation, and Were Blocked From The Legislative.	1
20 things Donald Trump said he wants to get rid of as president	20 Things Donald Trump Said He Wanted to Get Rid of as President.	1
20 things Donald Trump said he wants to get rid of as president	20 Things Donald Trump Said He Wanted To Get Rid of as President.	1
20 things Donald Trump said he wants to get rid of as president	20 Things Donald Trump Said He Wanted to Get Rid of As President Then	1
20 things Donald Trump said he wants to get rid of as president	20 Things Trump Said He Wanted to Get Rid of as President.	1
Anyone close to Chris Christie got dumped . All the level-headed people are stepping aside .	Anyone close to Chris Christie has been dumped. All the level-headed people are stepping aside	1
Anyone close to Chris Christie got dumped . All the level-headed people are stepping aside .	Anyone close to Chris Christie got dumped. All the level-headed people are stepping aside.	1
Anyone close to Chris Christie got dumped . All the level-headed people are stepping aside .	Anyone close to Chris Christie has been dumped. All the level-headed people are stepping aside.	1
When Melania Trump and Michelle Obama met , their clothes did some of the talking	When Melania Trump Meets Michelle Obama, Their Clothes Did Some of the Talking	1
When Melania Trump and Michelle Obama met , their clothes did some of the talking	When Melania Trump Met Michelle Obama, Their Clothes Did Some of The Talking	1
When Melania Trump and Michelle Obama met , their clothes did some of the talking	When Melania Trump met Michelle Obama, their clothes did some of the talking	1
Chelsea Manning asks President Obama to reduce the remainder of her sentence to the more than 6 years she has served	Chelsea Manning asks Obama to cut her sentence to the more than 6 years she has served	1
Chelsea Manning asks President Obama to reduce the remainder of her sentence to the more than 6 years she has served	Chelsea Manning asks Obama to reduce her sentencing to the 6+ years she has served.	1
One of the influences on Donald Trump could come from an unlikely quarter	One of the influences on Donald Trump could come from an unlikely quarter.	1
Celebrities Getting Cold Feet About Leaving the U.S. After Trump's Victory	Celebrities Went Cold Feet About Leaving the U.S. After Trump's Victory	1
Celebrities Getting Cold Feet About Leaving the U.S. After Trump's Victory	Celebrities Get Cold Feet About Leaving the U.S. After Trump's Victory	1
Celebrities Getting Cold Feet About Leaving the U.S. After Trump's Victory	Celebrities Get Cold Feet About Leaving The U.S. After Trump's Victory	1
Celebrities Getting Cold Feet About Leaving the U.S. After Trump's Victory	Celebrities Get Cold Feet About Leaving the US After Trump's Victory	1
Celebrities Getting Cold Feet About Leaving the U.S. After Trump's Victory	Celebrities Getting Cold Feet About Leaving the US After Trump's Victory	1
Celebrities Getting Cold Feet About Leaving the U.S. After Trump's Victory	Celebrities Getting Cold Feet About Leaving The US After Trump's Victory	1
The biggest problem had with Archer is the number of Jews that attend .	The biggest problem with Archer is the number of Jews attending.	1
The biggest problem had with Archer is the number of Jews that attend .	The biggest problem Archer has with Jews is the number of attendees.	1
The biggest problem had with Archer is the number of Jews that attend .	The biggest problem Archer faces is the number of Jews attending.	1
The biggest problem had with Archer is the number of Jews that attend .	The biggest problem Archer has is the number of Jews attending.	1
The biggest problem had with Archer is the number of Jews that attend .	The biggest problem with Archer is the number of attendee Jews.	1
The biggest problem had with Archer is the number of Jews that attend .	The biggest problem with Archer is the number of Jewish people attending.	1
An incomplete list of racist incidents since Donald Trump was elected president	An Incomplete List of Racist Incidents Since Donald Trump Is Elected President	1
An incomplete list of racist incidents since Donald Trump was elected president	An incomplete list of racist incidents since Donald Trump was elected president.	1
An incomplete list of racist incidents since Donald Trump was elected president	An Incomplete List of Racist Incidents Since Trump Was Elected President	1
An incomplete list of racist incidents since Donald Trump was elected president	An incomplete list of racist incidents since Trump's election	1
like I said , they did screw up initially . I think they'll find their footing .	Like I said, they did screw up initially. I think they'll find their footing.	1
like I said , they did screw up initially . I think they'll find their footing .	Like I said, they did screw up initially and I think they'll find their footing.	1
like I said , they did screw up initially . I think they'll find their footing .	They did screw up initially, but I think they'll find their footing	1
like I said , they did screw up initially . I think they'll find their footing .	Like I said, they did screw up initially, but I think they'll find their footing.	1
AMERICAN SPEED DEMON Cop clocks driver at insane mph during chase	AMERICAN SPEED DEMON : Cop clocks driver at insane mph during chase	1
Students at a Michigan middle school started chanting in the cafeteria Build the wall	Students at Michigan Middle School Start Chanting in the Cafeteria Build the Wall.	1
Students at a Michigan middle school started chanting in the cafeteria Build the wall	Students at a Michigan Middle School Start Chanting in the Cafeteria Build the Wall	1
Students at a Michigan middle school started chanting in the cafeteria Build the wall	Students at Michigan Middle School Start Chanting in the Cafeteria: Build the Wall	1
Students at a Michigan middle school started chanting in the cafeteria Build the wall	Students at Michigan Middle School started chanting in the Cafeteria: Build the Wall	1
Students at a Michigan middle school started chanting in the cafeteria Build the wall	Students at Michigan Middle School Start Chanting in the Cafeteria Build the Wall	1
Students at a Michigan middle school started chanting in the cafeteria Build the wall	A group of students at a Michigan middle school started chanting "Build the Wall" in the cafeteria.	1
Students at a Michigan middle school started chanting in the cafeteria Build the wall	Students at Michigan Middle School started chanting in the Cafeteria Build the Wall.	1
Students at a Michigan middle school started chanting in the cafeteria Build the wall	Kids at Michigan Middle School Start Chanting in Cafeteria Building the Wall	1
Students at a Michigan middle school started chanting in the cafeteria Build the wall	Students at a Michigan middle school started chanting in the cafeteria Building the wall	1
Students at a Michigan middle school started chanting in the cafeteria Build the wall	The students at a Michigan middle school started chanting in the cafeteria. Build the wall!	1
High in Trump Tower , Trump goes about his daily routine reading , tweeting , rewarding loyalty , fomenting infighting	Trump, High in Trump Tower, Goes About His Daily Routine Reading, Tweeting, Recognising Loyalty, Fomenting Infighting	1
Rudy Giuliani has had ties to a company that has provided image consulting to Russian oligarchs , records show	Rudy Giuliani had ties to a firm that has provided image consulting to Russian oligarchs, records show.	1
Rudy Giuliani has had ties to a company that has provided image consulting to Russian oligarchs , records show	Rudy Giuliani has had ties to a company that has provided image consulting to Russian oligarchs, records show	1
Rudy Giuliani has had ties to a company that has provided image consulting to Russian oligarchs , records show	Rudy Giuliani had connections to a company that has provided image consulting to Russian oligarchs, records show	1
Popular heartburn meds may increase stroke risk by as much as 79% , according to new research	Popular heartburn medicines may increase stroke risk by as much as 79%, according to new research	1
Popular heartburn meds may increase stroke risk by as much as 79% , according to new research	Popular heartburn medications may increase stroke risk by as much as 79% according to new research	1
Popular heartburn meds may increase stroke risk by as much as 79% , according to new research	Popular heartburn meds may increase stroke risk by as much as 79%, according to new research	1
Donald Trump's victory proves that America hates women	Trump's win shows America hates women	1
Donald Trump's victory proves that America hates women	Donald Trump's victory proves America hates women	1
Donald Trump's victory proves that America hates women	Donald Trumps Victory Proves That America Hates Women	1
Donald Trump's victory proves that America hates women	Donald Trump's victory shows that America hates women	1
Donald Trump's victory proves that America hates women	Donald Trump's victory proves that America hates women.	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you !	Maine Voted for a Better Way to Vote, and So Should You!	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you !	Maine Just Voted for Better Voting, and So Should You!	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you !	Maine Voted for a Better Voting System, and So Should You	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you !	Maine Voted for a Better Voting System, and So Should You!	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you !	Maine Voted for Better Voting, and So Should You!	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you !	Maine Is Voting for a Better Way to Vote, and So Should You!	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you !	Maine Voted for a Better Way to Vote, and So Should You	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you !	Maine Voted for a Better Vote. And So Should You!	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you !	Maine Voted for a Better Way to Vote, And So Should You	1
Q-Tip on Phife I just want to celebrate him , you know ? A Tribe Called Quest's 1st album in 18 years	Q-Tip on Phife I just want to celebrate him, you know? A Tribe Called Quests 1st Album in 18 Years	1
Q-Tip on Phife I just want to celebrate him , you know ? A Tribe Called Quest's 1st album in 18 years	Q-Tip: Phife: Just want to celebrate him, you know? A Tribe Called Quest's 1st Album in 18 Years	1
Q-Tip on Phife I just want to celebrate him , you know ? A Tribe Called Quest's 1st album in 18 years	Q-Tip : Phife I just want to celebrate him, you know? A Tribe Called Quest's 1st Album in 18 Years	1
Q-Tip on Phife I just want to celebrate him , you know ? A Tribe Called Quest's 1st album in 18 years	Q-Tip on Phife : I just want to celebrate him, you know? A Tribe Called Quest’s 1st Album in 18 Years	1
Q-Tip on Phife I just want to celebrate him , you know ? A Tribe Called Quest's 1st album in 18 years	Q-Tip on Phife I just want to celebrate him, you know? A Tribe Called Quest, Their 1st Album in 18 Years	1
On Donald Trump's potential Supreme Court list , the Ivy League is out , and the heartland is in	On Donald Trump's Supreme Court List, the Ivy League Is Out and the Heartland Is In	1
On Donald Trump's potential Supreme Court list , the Ivy League is out , and the heartland is in	On Trump's Supreme Court List, the Ivy League Is Out, and the Heartland Is In	1
Increasingly paranoid ISIS leader reportedly refuses to sleep without suicide vest	An increasingly paranoid ISIS leader reportedly refuses to sleep without a suicide vest	1
Increasingly paranoid ISIS leader reportedly refuses to sleep without suicide vest	The increasingly paranoid ISIS leader reportedly refuses to sleep without a suicide vest	1
Increasingly paranoid ISIS leader reportedly refuses to sleep without suicide vest	More paranoid ISIS leader reportedly refuses to sleep without suicide vest!	1
Increasingly paranoid ISIS leader reportedly refuses to sleep without suicide vest	Increasingly paranoid ISIS leader reportedly refuses to sleep without suicide vest.	1
Increasingly paranoid ISIS leader reportedly refuses to sleep without suicide vest	The Increasingly Paranoid ISIS Leader Refuses Sleep Without Suicide Vest	1
Without any warning , the Norwegian police deported a boy and his family to Afghanistan . It was his 7th birthday .	Without warning, the Norwegian police deported a boy and his family to Afghanistan. It was his 7th birthday.	1
Harmony Space win top prize at MIT Hacking Arts for music learning app tha .	Harmony Space wins top prize at MIT Hacking Arts for Tha music learning app	1
Harmony Space win top prize at MIT Hacking Arts for music learning app tha .	Harmony Space win Top Prize at MIT Hacking Arts for Music Learning App Tha	1
Harmony Space win top prize at MIT Hacking Arts for music learning app tha .	Harmony Space wins top prize at MIT Hacking Arts for music learning app tha.	1
Harmony Space win top prize at MIT Hacking Arts for music learning app tha .	Harmony Space wins top prize at MIT Hacking Arts for music learning app THa.	1
Harmony Space win top prize at MIT Hacking Arts for music learning app tha .	Harmony Space win top prize at MIT Hacking Arts for music learning app tha.	1
The Zika virus is growing in Wisconsin up a flight of stairs , past a flier for yoga and behind a locked door	Zika virus is growing up stairs in Wisconsin, past a flier for yoga and behind a locked door.	1
The Zika virus is growing in Wisconsin up a flight of stairs , past a flier for yoga and behind a locked door	The Zika virus is growing up in Wisconsin, on a flight of stairs, past a flier for yoga and behind a locked door.	1
The Zika virus is growing in Wisconsin up a flight of stairs , past a flier for yoga and behind a locked door	Zika virus is growing in Wisconsin up a flight of stairs, past a flier for yoga, and behind a locked door	1
No group believes things have changed for the worse more than white evangelical Protestants	No One Believes Things Have Changed for the Worst More Than White Evangelical Protestants	1
No group believes things have changed for the worse more than white evangelical Protestants	No group believes things have changed worse than white evangelical Protestants	1
No group believes things have changed for the worse more than white evangelical Protestants	No group believes things have changed for the worse more than white evangelical Protestants.	1
No group believes things have changed for the worse more than white evangelical Protestants	No one believes things have changed for the worse more than white evangelicals.	1
No group believes things have changed for the worse more than white evangelical Protestants	No group believes things have changed more for the worse than white evangelical Protestants	1
How data science and rocket science will get humans to Mars	How data science and rocket science will get humans to Mars.	1
How data science and rocket science will get humans to Mars	How rocket science and data science will get humans to Mars	1
Two minutes ' silence marks day of national remembrance	2 Minutes of Silence Marks Day of National Remembrance	1
Two minutes ' silence marks day of national remembrance	Two Minutes of Silence Marks Day of National Remembrance	1
Two minutes ' silence marks day of national remembrance	Two minutes of silence mark Day of National Remembrance	1
Two minutes ' silence marks day of national remembrance	Two minutes'silence marks day of national remembrance	1
Two minutes ' silence marks day of national remembrance	Two minutes silence marks day of national remembrance	1
Reminder that Frank Gaffney was considered insane enough to actually be banned from CPAC .	Reminder that Frank Gaffney was considered insane enough to be banned from CPAC.	1
Reminder that Frank Gaffney was considered insane enough to actually be banned from CPAC .	Reminder that Frank Gaffney was considered insane enough to be banned from CPAC actually.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone 'ever elected president'Trump	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anybody ever elected President.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected President.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone has ever elected president.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Donald Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than any presidential candidate has ever faced	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Donald Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone has ever elected President.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than any president has ever been.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Donald Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than any president who has ever been elected.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anybody ever elected a president.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than any President ever elected.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than any ever elected president.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than any elected president in history.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than any president ever elected.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Donald Trump Has More Potential Conflicts of Interest Than Anyone Elected President	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Donald Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than any president has ever elected.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Donald Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than any elected president.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than any elected president has ever faced	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than any presidential candidate ever had.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than any elected president has ever.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than any elected president ever did.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than any presidential candidate ever has.	1
Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than anyone ever elected president .	Trump has more potential conflicts of interest than any presidential candidate ever.	1
Intel is laying off a major portion of its wearables group	Intel has a plan to lay off a significant portion of its wearables group.	1
Intel is laying off a major portion of its wearables group	Intel is laying off a major portion of its wearables team.	1
Intel is laying off a major portion of its wearables group	Intel is laying off a major portion of its wearables-group	1
At least 2 dead in powerful New Zealand earthquake , PM says	At least 2 dead in powerful New Zealand earthquake, PM says	1
When did fucking Cobra Commander join the NYPD	When did the fucking cobra commander join the NYPD?	1
When did fucking Cobra Commander join the NYPD	When did a fucking cobra commander join the NYPD?	1
When did fucking Cobra Commander join the NYPD	When Did Fucking Cobra Commander Join the NYPD?	1
When did fucking Cobra Commander join the NYPD	When did the fucking Cobra Commander join the NYPD?	1
Energized By Trump's Win , White Nationalists Gather To ' Change The World	energized by Trump's win, white nationalists gather to'change the world	1
Energized By Trump's Win , White Nationalists Gather To ' Change The World	Energized by Trump's Win, White Nationalists Gather To Change the World	1
nixes presidential salary , may spend time in New York , Florida	nixes presidential salary, may spend time in Florida, New York	1
nixes presidential salary , may spend time in New York , Florida	nixes president salary, may spend time in New York, Florida.	1
nixes presidential salary , may spend time in New York , Florida	nixes presidential salary, may spend time in'New York'Florida	1
nixes presidential salary , may spend time in New York , Florida	nixes presidential salary, may spend time in new york, FL	1
nixes presidential salary , may spend time in New York , Florida	nixes presidential salary, may spend time in New York, Florida	1
nixes presidential salary , may spend time in New York , Florida	nixes presidential salary, may spend time in'New York, Florida	1
nixes presidential salary , may spend time in New York , Florida	Nixes Presidential Salary, May Spend Time in New York, Florida	1
nixes presidential salary , may spend time in New York , Florida	Nixes presidential salary, may spend time in New York, Florida	1
Zadie Smith on appropriation , male critics , and how Trump interests her novelistically	Zadie Smith on appropriation, male critics and how Trump interests her novelistically	1
Zadie Smith on appropriation , male critics , and how Trump interests her novelistically	Zadie Smith on appropriation, male critics, and how Trump interests her more novelistically	1
Muslim woman in Louisiana who reported Donald Trump-inspired attack admits she made it up , police say .	Muslim Woman in Louisiana Who Reported Trump-Inspired Attack Admits She Made It Up, Police Say	1
Muslim woman in Louisiana who reported Donald Trump-inspired attack admits she made it up , police say .	Muslim Louisiana woman who reported Trump-inspired attack admits she made it up, police say	1
Muslim woman in Louisiana who reported Donald Trump-inspired attack admits she made it up , police say .	A Muslim Woman in Louisiana Who Reported Trump-Inspired Attack Admits She Made It Up, Police Say	1
Person dies from heart attack in Christchurch , New Zealand , following earthquake	A person dies from a heart attack following a earthquake in Christchurch, New Zealand.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it planned neither to close its Louisville, Ky. plant or to reduce its number of jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky. plant nor to reduce the number of jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said that it 'd neither close the Louisville, Ky plant or reduce employment there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it didnt plan to close the Louisville, Ky plant nor reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford has stated that it neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant nor to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford has not reportedly planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant or to reduce its jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford has said it was neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky, plant, nor to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant, nor to reduce its jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it was neither planning to close or to reduce jobs at its Louisville, Ky plant.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford has said it's not planned'to close the Louisville, Ky plant, nor to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky. plant or to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it's neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky. plant nor to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford has said it had neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant, nor to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it had neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant or to reduce job creation there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford has said it had neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant or reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford had said that it did not plan to close the Louisville, Ky plant nor to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford had said it did not plan to close the Louisville, Ky plant or reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky. plant nor to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it did not plan to close the Louisville, Ky plant or reduce its jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant nor to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said that it had no plans to close the Louisville, Ky plant, nor to reduce job openings there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it planned neither to close the Louisville, Ky plant or reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said that it neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant, nor to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford has said that it neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant nor to reduce job.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it had no plans to close the Louisville, Ky plant or to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford has said that it did not plan to close the Louisville, Ky plant, nor to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said that it was neither planning to close the Louisville, Ky plant or to reduce the number of jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant or to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it had neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant or reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant nor to reduce its jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford has said it neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant or to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford has said it neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant, nor to reduce the number of jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford has said that it had neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant, nor to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it did not plan to close the Louisville, Ky plant or reduce job creation there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford has said that it had neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant or to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it had neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant nor to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant, nor to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford has said it neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant nor to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford has said it was neither planning to close the Louisville, Ky plant nor to reduce job openings there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it planned neither to close the Louisville, Ky plant or to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford has said it did not plan to close the Louisville, Ky plant, nor to reduce the number of jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford has said it neither planned to close the Louisville, Ky plant, nor to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford has said it did not plan to close the Louisville, Ky plant or to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it planned neither to close the Louisville, Ky plant nor to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford has said it did not plan to close the Louisville, Ky plant nor to reduce jobs there.	1
Ford said it neither planned to close the Louisville , Ky plant nor reduce jobs there .	Ford said it did not plan to close the Louisville, Ky plant nor to reduce jobs there.	1
Saudi-led campaign in Yemen has destroyed factories that make yogurt , ceramics and chips .	The Saudi-led campaign in Yemen destroyed factories that produce yogurt, ceramics and chips.	1
Saudi-led campaign in Yemen has destroyed factories that make yogurt , ceramics and chips .	The Saudi-led campaign in Yemen has destroyed factories that make yogurt, ceramics and chips.	1
Saudi-led campaign in Yemen has destroyed factories that make yogurt , ceramics and chips .	Saudi-led campaign in Yemen has destroyed factories that produce yogurt, ceramics and chips.	1
Saudi-led campaign in Yemen has destroyed factories that make yogurt , ceramics and chips .	The Saudi-led campaign in Yemen destroyed factories that make yogurt, ceramics and chips.	1
Saudi-led campaign in Yemen has destroyed factories that make yogurt , ceramics and chips .	Saudi-led campaign in Yemen destroyed factories that make yogurt, ceramics, and chips.	1
Saudi-led campaign in Yemen has destroyed factories that make yogurt , ceramics and chips .	Saudi-led campaign in Yemen destroyed factories that make yogurt, ceramics and chips.	1
Saudi-led campaign in Yemen has destroyed factories that make yogurt , ceramics and chips .	Saudi-led campaign in Yemen destroyed factories that produce yogurt, ceramics and chips.	1
Saudi-led campaign in Yemen has destroyed factories that make yogurt , ceramics and chips .	The Saudi-led campaign has destroyed factories making yogurt, ceramics and chips in Yemen.	1
Saudi-led campaign in Yemen has destroyed factories that make yogurt , ceramics and chips .	Saudi-led campaign in Yemen has destroyed factories that make yogurt, ceramics and chips.	1
Not all Trump voters are deplorables . If Democrats dont get that , theyll keep losing	Not All Trump Voters Are Deplorables. If Democrats Dont Get That, Theyll Keep Losing	1
Donald Trump has agreed to pay $25 million to settle three lawsuits against Trump University .	Trump agrees to pay $25 million to settle 3 lawsuits against Trump University	1
Donald Trump has agreed to pay $25 million to settle three lawsuits against Trump University .	Donald Trump agrees to pay $25 million to settle 3 lawsuits against Trump University	1
Donald Trump has agreed to pay $25 million to settle three lawsuits against Trump University .	Trump agrees to pay $25 million to settle three lawsuits against Trump University	1
hey guys , i know we've exhausted the subject , but THIS IS ACTUALLY HOW THE HOLOCAUST STARTED	hey guys, i know we've exhausted the subject, but THIS IS REALLY HOW THE HOLOCAUST STARTED!	1
hey guys , i know we've exhausted the subject , but THIS IS ACTUALLY HOW THE HOLOCAUST STARTED	Hey guys, i know we've exhausted the topic, but this is actually how the HOLOCAUST started	1
hey guys , i know we've exhausted the subject , but THIS IS ACTUALLY HOW THE HOLOCAUST STARTED	Hey Guys, I know we've exhausted the subject, but this is actually how the holocaust started	1
hey guys , i know we've exhausted the subject , but THIS IS ACTUALLY HOW THE HOLOCAUST STARTED	Hey guys, we've exhausted the topic, but THIS IS ACTUALLY HOW THE HOLOCAUST STARTED	1
The more tumultuous times are , the more vibrant and important the arts become	The more turbulent times are, the more vibrant and important the arts become	1
The more tumultuous times are , the more vibrant and important the arts become	The more turbulent times are, the more vibrant and important arts become	1
The more tumultuous times are , the more vibrant and important the arts become	The more tumultuous times are, the more vibrant and important the arts become	1
The more tumultuous times are , the more vibrant and important the arts become	More Tumultuous Times Are, the More Vital and Important the Arts Be	1
The more tumultuous times are , the more vibrant and important the arts become	The more tumultuous times are, the more vibrant and important the arts become.	1
The more tumultuous times are , the more vibrant and important the arts become	The more turbulent times are, the more vital and important the arts become	1
The more tumultuous times are , the more vibrant and important the arts become	The more turbulent times are, the more vibrant and important the arts become.	1
The more tumultuous times are , the more vibrant and important the arts become	More turbulent times are, the more vibrant and important the arts become	1
Amazon sells out of the NES Classic Edition in seconds	Amazon sells out of the NES Classic Edition in a few seconds	1
Amazon sells out of the NES Classic Edition in seconds	Amazon sells out of the NES Classic Edition in just seconds	1
Amazon sells out of the NES Classic Edition in seconds	In seconds Amazon sells out of the NES Classic Edition	1
Amazon sells out of the NES Classic Edition in seconds	Amazon sells out of the NES Classic Edition in seconds!	1
I've seen America fall down one woman said and a big part of Trump that appealed to me was his business plan	I've seen America fall down. One woman said. and a big part of Trump appealed to me was his business plan.	1
I've seen America fall down one woman said and a big part of Trump that appealed to me was his business plan	I've seen America fall down, one woman said. A big part of Trump that appealed to me was his business plan.	1
I've seen America fall down one woman said and a big part of Trump that appealed to me was his business plan	I've seen America fall down, one woman said and a big part of Trump that appealed to me was his business plan.	1
I've seen America fall down one woman said and a big part of Trump that appealed to me was his business plan	I've seen America fall down one woman said and a big part of Trump that appealed to me was his business plan.	1
I've seen America fall down one woman said and a big part of Trump that appealed to me was his business plan	I've seen America fall down one woman said and a big part of Trump appealed to me was his business plan.	1
I've seen America fall down one woman said and a big part of Trump that appealed to me was his business plan	I've seen America fall down, one woman said. A big part of Trump appealed to me was his business plan.	1
I've seen America fall down one woman said and a big part of Trump that appealed to me was his business plan	I've seen America fall down, one woman said. A big part of Trump that appealed to me was his business plan	1
When someone tells you they're a snake , believe they're a snake .	If someone tells you they're a snake, believe they're a snake.	1
When someone tells you they're a snake , believe they're a snake .	When someone tells you they're a snake, believe they're a snake.	1
When someone tells you they're a snake , believe they're a snake .	If someone tells you that they're a snake, believe they're a snake.	1
When someone tells you they're a snake , believe they're a snake .	When someone tells you that they're a snake, believe it is a snake.	1
When someone tells you they're a snake , believe they're a snake .	When someone says they're a snake, believe they're a snake.	1
Incoming NSC adviser retweeted an insane story about Hillary and sex crimes with children	Incoming NSC adviser retweeted insane story about Hillary and sex crimes with children	1
Why Michigan backed a Republican presidential candidate for the first time since 1988 .	Why Michigan has backed a Republican presidential candidate for the first time since 1988	1
Why Michigan backed a Republican presidential candidate for the first time since 1988 .	... why Michigan has backed a Republican presidential candidate for the first time since 1988	1
Why Michigan backed a Republican presidential candidate for the first time since 1988 .	Why Michigan backed a Republican presidential candidate for the first time since 1988.	1
Why Michigan backed a Republican presidential candidate for the first time since 1988 .	Why Michigan backed a Republican Presidential Candidate for the First Time Since 1988	1
Melania and Barron will not move to the White House initially	Melania and Barron will not be moving to the White House initially.	1
Melania and Barron will not move to the White House initially	Melania and Barron will not move to the White House first	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island and released her debut single at the age of 40.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones, who once worked as a correctional officer on Rikers Island, released her debut single at the age of 40.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a Correctional Officer at Rikers Island and released her debut single at age 40.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones, who was 40 when she released her debut single, once worked as a correction officer in Rikers Island.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a Correction Officer at Rikers Island and at 40 she released her debut single.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island. She was 40 when she released her debut single.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a correctional officer on Rikers Island, when she released her debut single at age 40.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island and released her debut single at age 40.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a corrections officer at Rikers Island. She was 40 when she released her debut single.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a correctional officer at Rikers Island and was 40 when she released her debut single.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer on Rikers Island and released her debut single at the age of 40.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a correctional officer at Rikers Island, when she released her debut single at 40.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a Correction Officer on Rikers Island and was 40 when she released her debut single.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island, when she was 40 when she released her debut single.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a corrections officer at Rikers Island and released her debut single at the age of 40.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a Correction Officer at Rikers Island and released her debut single at the age of 40.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a correctional officer on Rikers Island and released her debut single at the age of 40.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer on Rikers Island and was 40 when she released her debut single.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island and was 40 when she released her debut single.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a corrections officer at Rikers Island, when she released her debut single at age 40.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer on Rikers Island and released her debut single at 40.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a correctional officer at Rikers Island and released her debut single at age 40.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a corrections officer on Rikers Island and was 40 when she released her debut single.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a correctional officer at Rikers Island and released her debut single at the age of 40.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a corrections officer at Rikers Island, when she released her debut single at 40.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a corrections officer on Rikers Island and released her debut single at 40.	1
Sharon Jones once worked as a correction officer at Rikers Island . She was 40 when she released her debut single .	Sharon Jones once worked as a corrections officer at Rikers Island, and when she was 40 she released her debut single.	1
SEC Chair Mary Jo White says she will step down at the end of the Obama administration .	Mary Jo White, SEC chair, announces she will step down at the end of the Obama administration.	1
And in other news Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones became fashion icons .	In other news Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones Became Fashion Icons	1
And in other news Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones became fashion icons .	In other news, Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones were fashion icons.	1
And in other news Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones became fashion icons .	And in other news Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones became fashion icons.	1
And in other news Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones became fashion icons .	In other news, Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones were fashion icons	1
And in other news Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones became fashion icons .	And in other news, Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones Became Fashion Icons	1
And in other news Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones became fashion icons .	And in other news, Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones became fashion icons.	1
And in other news Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones became fashion icons .	In other news, Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones Became Fashion Icons.	1
And in other news Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones became fashion icons .	In other news Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones Became Fashion Icons.	1
And in other news Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones became fashion icons .	In other news Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones became fashion icons.	1
And in other news Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones became fashion icons .	In other news, Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones became fashion icons.	1
And in other news Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones became fashion icons .	And in other news Mick Jagger talks about how the Rolling Stones became fashion icons	1
Facebook launches a unified inbox for businesses on Facebook , Messenger and Instagram	Facebook is rolling out a unified inbox for businesses on Facebook, Messenger and Instagram,	1
Facebook launches a unified inbox for businesses on Facebook , Messenger and Instagram	Facebook launches a unified inbox for businesses on Facebook, Messenger and Instagram	1
In its first episode since Donald Trump was elected , #SNL embraced the tension that many of its viewers surely feel	In its first episode since Donald Trump was elected, SNL embraced the tension many of its viewers surely feel	1
In its first episode since Donald Trump was elected , #SNL embraced the tension that many of its viewers surely feel	In its first episode since Trump's election, SNL has embraced the tension that many of its viewers surely feel.	1
In its first episode since Donald Trump was elected , #SNL embraced the tension that many of its viewers surely feel	In its first episode since Donald Trump's election, SNL embraced the tension many of its viewers surely feel.	1
My goal was to keep everyone alive . Doctors struggled to treat patients with mental illness at Guantnamo .	My goal was to keep everyone alive. Doctors struggled to treat patients with mental illness at Guantnamo.	1
My goal was to keep everyone alive . Doctors struggled to treat patients with mental illness at Guantnamo .	My goal was to keep everyone alive. Doctors struggled at Guantnamo to treat patients with mental illness.	1
Is Netflix Disney's next big buy and is Reed Hastings its next CEO ?	Is Netflix Disneys next big buy, and is Reed Hastings its next CEO?	1
Is Netflix Disney's next big buy and is Reed Hastings its next CEO ?	Is Netflix Disney's next big buy, and is Reed Hastings the next CEO?	1
Is Netflix Disney's next big buy and is Reed Hastings its next CEO ?	Is Netflix Disney's next big purchase and is Reed Hastings its next CEO?	1
Were supposed to have an inauguration on Jan . Are we going to have a governor ?	Were we supposed to have an inauguration on Jan. Are we going to have a governor?	1
Were supposed to have an inauguration on Jan . Are we going to have a governor ?	Were supposed to have an inauguration on Jan. Are we going to have a governor?	1
Were supposed to have an inauguration on Jan . Are we going to have a governor ?	Were suppose to have an inauguration on Jan. Are we going to have a governor?	1
Some Middle East Muslims fear a Trump presidency ; others see it as an opportunity	Some Muslims in the Middle East fear a Trump presidency, others see it as an opportunity	1
Some Middle East Muslims fear a Trump presidency ; others see it as an opportunity	Some Muslims in the Middle East fear a Trump presidency, others see it as an opportunity.	1
Some Middle East Muslims fear a Trump presidency ; others see it as an opportunity	Middle East Muslims Fear a Trump Presidency ; Others See It As an Opportunity	1
Some Middle East Muslims fear a Trump presidency ; others see it as an opportunity	Middle East Muslims Fear Trump Presidency, Others See It as Opportunity	1
Some Middle East Muslims fear a Trump presidency ; others see it as an opportunity	Some Middle East Muslims Fear Trump Presidency ; Others See It As An Opportunity	1
Some Middle East Muslims fear a Trump presidency ; others see it as an opportunity	Middle East Muslims Fear a Trump Presidency, Others See It as an Opportunity	1
Some Middle East Muslims fear a Trump presidency ; others see it as an opportunity	Some Middle Eastern Muslims Fear a Trump Presidency; Others See It as an Opportunity	1
Some Middle East Muslims fear a Trump presidency ; others see it as an opportunity	Muslims in Middle East fear President Trump and some see it as opportunity	1
The ACLU Is Receiving an Outpouring of Support . Heres What We Plan on Doing With It .	The ACLU is receiving an outpouring of support. Heres What We Plan on Doing With It.	1
The ACLU Is Receiving an Outpouring of Support . Heres What We Plan on Doing With It .	ACLU Receives an Outpouring of Support. Heres What We Will Do With It	1
The ACLU Is Receiving an Outpouring of Support . Heres What We Plan on Doing With It .	The ACLU is receiving an outpouring of support. Heres What We Will Do With It.	1
Exercise may be an effective treatment for depression , studies show	Some studies show that exercise helps prevent depression.	1
Exercise may be an effective treatment for depression , studies show	Exercise can be an effective treatment for depression, new study shows	1
Exercise may be an effective treatment for depression , studies show	Exercise can improve depression, study shows.	1
Exercise may be an effective treatment for depression , studies show	Exercise Could Be an Effective Treatment for Depression, New research shows	1
More Democrats should be talking like Harry Reid right now .	More Democrats Should Be Talking Like Harry Reid Right Now, Too.	1
More Democrats should be talking like Harry Reid right now .	More Democrats Should Be Talking Like Harry Reid Right Now.	1
More Democrats should be talking like Harry Reid right now .	Should More Democrats Talk Like Harry Reid Right Now?	1
More Democrats should be talking like Harry Reid right now .	Now more Democrats should be talking like Harry Reid right now	1
How the US media begins the process of ' normalising ' Donald Trump	How the US media begins the process of'normalising'Donald Trump	1
How the US media begins the process of ' normalising ' Donald Trump	How the US media begins the process of'normalising'Trump	1
How the US media begins the process of ' normalising ' Donald Trump	How the US media begins the process of'normalising'Donald Trump.	1
How the US media begins the process of ' normalising ' Donald Trump	How the US Media Begines the Process of Normalising Trump	1
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin spoke by phone on Monday about the future of US-Russia ties	Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin spoke by phone Monday about the future of US-Russia ties	1
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin spoke by phone on Monday about the future of US-Russia ties	Trump and Putin spoke Monday via phone about the future of US-Russia ties.	1
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin spoke by phone on Monday about the future of US-Russia ties	Trump and Putin spoke Monday by phone about the future of US-Russia ties.	1
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin spoke by phone on Monday about the future of US-Russia ties	Trump and Putin talked Monday via the phone about the future of US-Russia ties	1
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin spoke by phone on Monday about the future of US-Russia ties	Trump and Putin spoke Monday by phone about the future of US-Russia ties	1
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin spoke by phone on Monday about the future of US-Russia ties	Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin spoke by phone Monday about the future of US-Russia ties.	1
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin spoke by phone on Monday about the future of US-Russia ties	Trump and Putin spoke about the future of US-Russia ties via phone Monday.	1
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin spoke by phone on Monday about the future of US-Russia ties	Trump and Putin spoke by phone Monday about the future of US-Russia ties.	1
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin spoke by phone on Monday about the future of US-Russia ties	Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin spoke Monday by phone about the future of US-Russia ties	1
Trump's tweets stunned the " Hamilton " cast and jolted many who are worried about Trump's tolerance for dissent	Trump tweets stunned " Hamilton " cast and jolted many who are worried about Trump's tolerance for dissent	1
Trump's tweets stunned the " Hamilton " cast and jolted many who are worried about Trump's tolerance for dissent	Trump's tweets stifled 'Hamilton' cast and jolted many who are worried about Trump's tolerance for dissent	1
Coming to terms with Charleston's past as a former slave-trading center .	Coming to terms with Charleston's past as a former slave-trading center.	1
Coming to terms with Charleston's past as a former slave-trading center .	Coming to terms with Charleston’s past as a former slave-trading center.	1
Coming to terms with Charleston's past as a former slave-trading center .	Coming to terms with Charlestons past as a former slave-trading center.	1
Coming to terms with Charleston's past as a former slave-trading center .	Coming to terms with Charleston's past as a former slave-trade center.	1
Coming to terms with Charleston's past as a former slave-trading center .	Coming to terms with Charleston's past as a former slave trading center.	1
After Trump win , New Yorkers volunteer to aid fearful commuters	Following Trump Presidency, New Yorkers Volunteer to Aid Fearful Travelers	1
We are not planning on erecting a deportation force	We are not planning to erect a deportation force	1
We are not planning on erecting a deportation force	We are not planning to build a deportation force!	1
California history teacher placed on leave after comparing Trump to Hitler	A California history teacher was placed on leave after comparing Trump to Hitler.	1
California history teacher placed on leave after comparing Trump to Hitler	History teacher in California put on leave after comparing Trump to Hitler.	1
California history teacher placed on leave after comparing Trump to Hitler	A California history teacher has been placed on leave following comparing Trump to Hitler.	1
California history teacher placed on leave after comparing Trump to Hitler	CA history teacher placed on leave after comparing Trump to Hitler.	1
California history teacher placed on leave after comparing Trump to Hitler	A California history teacher has been placed on leave after comparing Trump to Hitler.	1
California history teacher placed on leave after comparing Trump to Hitler	California history teacher placed on leave after comparing Trump to Hitler.	1
California history teacher placed on leave after comparing Trump to Hitler	CA history teacher placed on leave after comparing Trump to Hitler	1
Donald Trump is a racist . Heres why many Americans dont see him that way	Donald Trump Is a Racist. Heres Why Many Americans Dont See Him That Way	1
Donald Trump is a racist . Heres why many Americans dont see him that way	Donald Trump Is a Racist. Heres Why Many Americans Dont See Him That Way.	1
The scene of protests against President-elect Donald Trump in Miami and Atlanta tonight	The scene of protests against President-elect Donald Trump tonight in Miami and Atlanta	1
The scene of protests against President-elect Donald Trump in Miami and Atlanta tonight	Scene of Protests Against President-elect Donald Trump in Miami and Atlanta Tonight	1
The scene of protests against President-elect Donald Trump in Miami and Atlanta tonight	The scene of protests against President-elect Donald Trump in Atlanta and Miami tonight.	1
How Russia Pulled Off the Biggest Election Hack in U.S. History	How Russia Pulled Off the Biggest Election Hack in US History	1
Sharon Jones , the lead singer with the band Dap-Kings , has died at the age of 60 .	Sharon Jones, the lead singer with the Dap-Kings band, has died at 60.	1
Sharon Jones , the lead singer with the band Dap-Kings , has died at the age of 60 .	Sharon Jones, Lead Singer with Band Dap-Kings, Dies At 60	1
Sharon Jones , the lead singer with the band Dap-Kings , has died at the age of 60 .	Sharon Jones, the lead singer with Dap-Kings, dies at 60.	1
Sharon Jones , the lead singer with the band Dap-Kings , has died at the age of 60 .	Sharon Jones, the lead singer with Dap-Kings band, dies at the age of 60.	1
Sharon Jones , the lead singer with the band Dap-Kings , has died at the age of 60 .	Sharon Jones, the lead singer with the band Dap-Kings, dies at 60.	1
Sharon Jones , the lead singer with the band Dap-Kings , has died at the age of 60 .	Sharon Jones, the singer with the band Dap-Kings, Dies at 60.	1
Kellyanne Conway , a key Trump adviser , on Steve Bannon People should look at the full rsum	Conway, a key Trump adviser, on Steve Bannon People should look at the full rsum	1
Kellyanne Conway , a key Trump adviser , on Steve Bannon People should look at the full rsum	Kellyanne Conway, Key Trump Adviser, On Steve Bannon People Should Look at The Full SUM	1
I'm excited , " I have somebody who is going to help me with jobs	I'm excited,'I have somebody who is going to help me with jobs	1
I'm excited , " I have somebody who is going to help me with jobs	I'm excited, " I have somebody who is going to help me with jobs.	1
I'm excited , " I have somebody who is going to help me with jobs	I'm excited, 'I have somebody who is going to help me with jobs.	1
I'm excited , " I have somebody who is going to help me with jobs	I'm excited, I have somebody who is going to help me with jobs	1
The gangs that make El Salvador the murder capital of the world are mafias of the poor	The gangs that make El Salvador the murder capital of the world are the mafias of the poor	1
The gangs that make El Salvador the murder capital of the world are mafias of the poor	The gangs that make El Salvador the world's murder capital are the mafias of the poor	1
The gangs that make El Salvador the murder capital of the world are mafias of the poor	The gangs that make El Salvador the murder capital of the world are Mafias of the Poor.	1
The gangs that make El Salvador the murder capital of the world are mafias of the poor	The gangs that make El Salvador the murder capital of the world are the Mafias of the Poor	1
I know many of you are disappointed about the election results , " I am too , more than I can ever express .	I know many of you are disappointed about the election results,'I am too, more than I can ever express.	1
I know many of you are disappointed about the election results , " I am too , more than I can ever express .	I know many of you are disappointed about the election results. I am too, more than I can ever express.	1
I know many of you are disappointed about the election results , " I am too , more than I can ever express .	I know many of you are disappointed about the election results, " I am too, more than I can ever express.	1
I know many of you are disappointed about the election results , " I am too , more than I can ever express .	I know many of you are disappointed about the election results : I am too, more than I can ever express ''.	1
I know many of you are disappointed about the election results , " I am too , more than I can ever express .	I know many of you are disappointed with the election results. I am too, more than I can ever express.	1
I hope " there is a clean sweep " in the DNC	I hope'there is a clean sweep'in the DNC	1
I hope " there is a clean sweep " in the DNC	I hope there is a "clean sweep " of DNC	1
I hope " there is a clean sweep " in the DNC	I hope " there is a clean sweep " in the DNC.	1
We are on the verge of a consumer M & A avalanche	We are on the verge of a consumer M & A avalanche.	1
The sting of defeat still fresh , Democrats are trying to figure out how it all fell apart	The sting of defeat still fresh, Democrats try to figure out how it all fell apart	1
The sting of defeat still fresh , Democrats are trying to figure out how it all fell apart	The sting of defeat is still fresh, Democrats are trying to figure out how it all fell apart.	1
Giuliani denies Russian officials ' claims they'd been in touch with Trump's campaign	Giuliani denies Russian officials'claims they'd been in touch with Trump's campaign	1
Giuliani denies Russian officials ' claims they'd been in touch with Trump's campaign	Giuliani denies Russian officials'claims they'd been in touch with Trump's campaign.	1
If millennials had their way , Hillary Clinton would have won and that's worth noting , writes @jdsutter	If millennials had their way, Hillary Clinton would have won. And this is worth noting, @JDsutter says	1
Defiant Rahm Emanuel to @realDonaldTrump Chicago Will Always Be Sanctuary City	The defiant Rahm Emanuel to @realDonaldTrump Chicago Will Always Be Sanctuary City	1
Battle Lines Over Trumps Lands Policy Stretch Across 640 Million Acres	Battle Lines Over Trump Lands Policy Stretch Across 640 Million Acres	1
Battle Lines Over Trumps Lands Policy Stretch Across 640 Million Acres	Battle Lines Over Trump's Lands Policy Stretch Across 640 Million Acres	1
Battle Lines Over Trumps Lands Policy Stretch Across 640 Million Acres	Battle Lines Over Trumps Lands Policy Stretch Across 640 Million Acres.	1
has tags with hundreds of posts for " Black Crime " " Muslims " " Globalism " " Alt-Right " etc .	has tags with hundreds of posts for " black crime " " Muslims " globalism " Alt Right ", etc.	1
has tags with hundreds of posts for " Black Crime " " Muslims " " Globalism " " Alt-Right " etc .	Has tags with hundreds of posts for " Black Crime " " Muslims " Globalism " Alt Right " etc.	1
has tags with hundreds of posts for " Black Crime " " Muslims " " Globalism " " Alt-Right " etc .	Has tags with hundreds of posts for " Black Crime " Muslims " Globalism " Alt Right " etc.	1
has tags with hundreds of posts for " Black Crime " " Muslims " " Globalism " " Alt-Right " etc .	Has tags with hundreds of posts for " Black Crime " Muslims, " Globalism " Alt-Right ", etc.	1
has tags with hundreds of posts for " Black Crime " " Muslims " " Globalism " " Alt-Right " etc .	It has tags with hundreds of posts for " black crime " " Muslims " globalism " alt right " etc.	1
has tags with hundreds of posts for " Black Crime " " Muslims " " Globalism " " Alt-Right " etc .	Has tags with hundreds of posts for " Black Crime ", Muslims " Globalism " Alt Right " etc.	1
has tags with hundreds of posts for " Black Crime " " Muslims " " Globalism " " Alt-Right " etc .	has tags with hundreds of posts for " Black Crime " " Muslims " Globalism " Alt Right " etc.	1
has tags with hundreds of posts for " Black Crime " " Muslims " " Globalism " " Alt-Right " etc .	Has tags with hundreds of posts for " black crime " Muslims " globalism " Alt Right " etc.	1
has tags with hundreds of posts for " Black Crime " " Muslims " " Globalism " " Alt-Right " etc .	has tags with hundreds of posts for " Black Crime " Muslims " Globalism " Alt Right " etc.	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was .	I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe was.	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was .	I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was.	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was .	I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment I used to believe it was.	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was .	I no longer think of being nice as being quite the compliment I used to believe it was.	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was .	I no longer think of being nice as a quite the compliment that I used to believe it was.	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was .	I no longer think of being nice as the compliment I used to believe was.	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was .	I no longer think of being nice as a quite the compliment I used to believe in.	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was .	I no longer think of being nice as a quite the compliment I used to believe it was.	1
This is so important . Stay focused on what the real story is .	This is so important! Focus on what the real story is!	1
This is so important . Stay focused on what the real story is .	This is so important. Stay focused on what the real story is.	1
Philosopher who predicted Trump in 1998 also predicted his first act as president-elect	Philosopher who predicted Trump in 1998 also predicted his 1st act as president-elect	1
Philosopher who predicted Trump in 1998 also predicted his first act as president-elect	Philosopher who predicted Trump in'98 also predicted his first act as president-elect	1
Philosopher who predicted Trump in 1998 also predicted his first act as president-elect	Philosopher who predicted Trump in '98 also predicted his first act as president-elect	1
This instantly reminded me of a Muhammad Ali quote about why he not serving in this military	This Instantly Reminded Me of a Quote by Muhammad Ali About Why He Was Not Serving in This Military.	1
This instantly reminded me of a Muhammad Ali quote about why he not serving in this military	This instantly reminded me of a quote by Muhammad Ali about why he not serving in this military.	1
This instantly reminded me of a Muhammad Ali quote about why he not serving in this military	This instantly reminded me of a quote by Muhammad Ali of why he was not serving in this military	1
President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by his supporters	President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by supporters.	1
President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by his supporters	President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racial and sexist abuse by supporters	1
President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by his supporters	President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject sexist and racist abuse by his supporters	1
President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by his supporters	President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by his supporters.	1
President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by his supporters	President-Elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by his supporters.	1
President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by his supporters	President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racism and sexist abuse by his supporters	1
President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by his supporters	Trump has the moral duty to reject racism and sexist abuse by his supporters	1
President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by his supporters	President-Elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by supporters	1
President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by his supporters	President-elect Trump has the moral obligation to reject racist and sexist abuse by supporters.	1
President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by his supporters	President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racism and sexist abuse by supporters	1
President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by his supporters	President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by supporters	1
President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by his supporters	Donald Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by his supporters	1
President-elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racist and sexist abuse by his supporters	President-Elect Trump has the moral duty to reject racial and sexist abuse by his supporters	1
The country Donald Trump will inherit is not on the same page when it comes to race	The Country Donald Trump Will Embrace Is Not on the Same Page When It Comes to Race	1
Mike Pence is emerging as a commanding figure in the Trump administration	Mike Pence Emerges as a Commanding Figure in the Trump Administration	1
New York State Senator & gt ; & gt ; & gt	New York State Senator gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt	1
New York State Senator & gt ; & gt ; & gt	New York State Senator & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; New York State Senator & gt	1
New York State Senator & gt ; & gt ; & gt	New York State Senator ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt	1
New York State Senator & gt ; & gt ; & gt	New York State Senator & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt ; & gt	1
My colleague @davidfolkenflik reports on Trump's WH chief strategist , Steve Bannon	My colleague @DavidFolkenflik writes on Trump's WH chief strategist, Steve Bannon	1
My colleague @davidfolkenflik reports on Trump's WH chief strategist , Steve Bannon	My colleague @DavidFolkenflik speaks on Trump's WH chief strategist, Steve Bannon	1
My colleague @davidfolkenflik reports on Trump's WH chief strategist , Steve Bannon	My colleague @davidfolkenflik speaks on Trump's WH chief strategist, Steve Bannon	1
My colleague @davidfolkenflik reports on Trump's WH chief strategist , Steve Bannon	My colleague David Folkenflik reports on Trump's WH chief strategist, Steve Bannon	1
Team Trump is already filled with Washington insiders	Team Trump Is Already Filling With Washington Insiders	1
Team Trump is already filled with Washington insiders	Team Trump Is Already Filling With Washington Insiders.	1
Don't lose heart Hillary Clinton says . Don't give up on the values we share .	Don't lose heart Hillary Clinton says Don't give up on the values we share	1
The world is about to find out what Donald Trump really believes	World is about to find out what Donald Trump really believes	1
The world is about to find out what Donald Trump really believes	World Is About to Find Out What Donald Trump Really Believes	1
A Trump presidency could be the end of the social safety net . Call it the Null Deal	A Trump Presidency Could Be the End of the Social Safety Net. Call It the Null Deal.	1
A Trump presidency could be the end of the social safety net . Call it the Null Deal	A Trump Presidency Could Be the End of the Social Safety Net. Call It the Null Deal	1
A Trump presidency could be the end of the social safety net . Call it the Null Deal	Trump presidency could spell the end of the social safety net. Call it the null deal.	1
Mayor says Chicago will ' always be a sanctuary city ' in face of deportation threats	Mayor of Chicago says city will always be a sanctuary in face of deportation threats	1
Mayor says Chicago will ' always be a sanctuary city ' in face of deportation threats	Mayor says Chicago will'always be a sanctuary city ', in face of deportation threats	1
North Carolina GOP condemns KKK parade honoring President-elect Donald Trump	NC GOP condemns KKK parade honoring President-elect Donald Trump	1
North Carolina GOP condemns KKK parade honoring President-elect Donald Trump	NC GOP condemns KKK parade honoring President-elect Trump	1
Four Americans were killed in attack in Afghanistan , Defense Secretary Ash Carter said .	Four Americans were killed in an attack in Afghanistan, defense secretary Ash Carter said.	1
Why women did not unite to vote against Donald Trump	Why Women Did Not Unite to Vote Against Trump	1
Just keep this tab open for the next 4 years Boing Boing's White Supremacy Euphemism Generator for journalists	Keep this tab open for the next 4 years Boing Boing's White Supremacy Euphemism Generator for journalists.	1
Flynn has said that Shariah , or Islamic law , is spreading in the United States .	Flynn has said that Shariah, or Islamic law, is spreading in the United States.	1
Flynn has said that Shariah , or Islamic law , is spreading in the United States .	Flynn has said that Shariah, or Islamic law, is spreading in the US.	1
Flynn has said that Shariah , or Islamic law , is spreading in the United States .	Flynn has said that Shariah, or Islamic law, is spread in the United States.	1
Flynn has said that Shariah , or Islamic law , is spreading in the United States .	Flynn has said that Shariah or Islamic law is spread in the United States.	1
Flynn has said that Shariah , or Islamic law , is spreading in the United States .	Flynn has said that Shariah or Islamic Law is spreading in the United States.	1
Flynn has said that Shariah , or Islamic law , is spreading in the United States .	Flynn has said that Shariah or Islamic law is spreading in the United States.	1
Flynn has said that Shariah , or Islamic law , is spreading in the United States .	Flynn has said that Shariah, or Islamic Law, is spreading in the United States.	1
Meet the president unable to enter the tiny country he created	Meet the president unable to enter the tiny country he created.	1
Canadians say there's plenty of room in their country for Americans who are fearful of Trump	Canadians Say There's Plenty of Room in Their Country for Americans Fearful of Trump	1
Canadians say there's plenty of room in their country for Americans who are fearful of Trump	Canadians say there's plenty of room in their country for Americans fearful of Trump	1
Canadians say there's plenty of room in their country for Americans who are fearful of Trump	Canadians see plenty of room in their country for Americans who are afraid of Trump	1
Canadians say there's plenty of room in their country for Americans who are fearful of Trump	Canadians Say They See Plenty of Room in Their Country for Americans Fearful of Trump	1
Businessman Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for commerce secretary , a source tells CNN	Businessman Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for Commerce Secretary, source tells CNN	1
Businessman Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for commerce secretary , a source tells CNN	Wilbur Ross is a lead contender for commerce secretary, source tells CNN	1
Businessman Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for commerce secretary , a source tells CNN	Businessman Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for commerce secretary, source tells CNN	1
Businessman Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for commerce secretary , a source tells CNN	Businessman Wilbur Ross a leading contender for Commerce Secretary, Source tells CNN	1
Businessman Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for commerce secretary , a source tells CNN	Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for commerce secretary, source tells CNN	1
Businessman Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for commerce secretary , a source tells CNN	Businessman Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for Commerce Secretary, Source Tells CNN	1
Businessman Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for commerce secretary , a source tells CNN	Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for Commerce Secretary, source tells CNN	1
Businessman Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for commerce secretary , a source tells CNN	Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for Commerce Secretary, a source tells CNN	1
Businessman Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for commerce secretary , a source tells CNN	Businessman Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for commerce secretary, a source tells CNN	1
Businessman Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for commerce secretary , a source tells CNN	Businessman Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for Commerce Secretary, a source tells CNN	1
Businessman Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for commerce secretary , a source tells CNN	Wilbur Ross is a top contender for commerce secretary, a source tells CNN	1
Businessman Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for commerce secretary , a source tells CNN	Businessman Wilbur Ross is a leading contender for Commerce Secretary, Source tells CNN	1
Putting the Polling Miss of the Election in Perspective	Put the Polling Miss of the Election in Perspective	1
Putting the Polling Miss of the Election in Perspective	Placing the Polling Miss of the Election in Perspective	1
Putting the Polling Miss of the Election in Perspective	Putting the Polling Miss of the Election in Perspective.	1
TOMORROW ON @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast .	TOMORROW on @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast	1
TOMORROW ON @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast .	TOMORROW ON @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for @BeautyAndTheBeast.	1
TOMORROW ON @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast .	TOMORROW ON @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast.	1
TOMORROW ON @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast .	Tomorrow on @GMA A world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast	1
TOMORROW ON @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast .	TOMORROW ON @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast	1
TOMORROW ON @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast .	TOMORROW on @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast.	1
TOMORROW ON @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast .	TOMORROW ON @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for @BeautyAndTheBeast	1
TOMORROW ON @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast .	ToMorrow on @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast	1
TOMORROW ON @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast .	Tomorrow on @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast	1
TOMORROW ON @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast .	Tomorrow on @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast.	1
TOMORROW ON @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast .	Tomorrow on @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for @BeautyAndTheBeast	1
TOMORROW ON @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast .	Tomorrow on @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for @BeautyAndTheBeast.	1
TOMORROW ON @GMA The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast .	Tomorrow on @GMA - The world premiere of the trailer for #BeautyAndTheBeast	1
Secrecy and mistrust at Guantnamo limited doctors ' ability to treat mental illness among detainees	Secrets and mistrust at Guantnamo limited doctors ability to treat mental illness among prisoners	1
Secrecy and mistrust at Guantnamo limited doctors ' ability to treat mental illness among detainees	Secrets and mistrust at Guantnamo Limited Doctors Ability to Treat Mental Health Among Detainees	1
Secrecy and mistrust at Guantnamo limited doctors ' ability to treat mental illness among detainees	Secrets and mistrust at Guantnamo Limited Doctors' Ability to Treat Mental Health Among Detainees	1
Secrecy and mistrust at Guantnamo limited doctors ' ability to treat mental illness among detainees	Secret and mistrust at Guantnamo hampered doctors ability to treat mental illness among detainees.	1
Trump tweets praise for protesters hours after calling them ' very unfair	Trump tweets praise for protesters hours after calling them'very unfair	1
Apple wants to sell you a $300 photo book about its products	Apple wants to sell you a $300 photo book about its products.	1
Apple wants to sell you a $300 photo book about its products	@Apple wants to sell you a $300 photo book about its products	1
We reviewed Apple's new MacBook Pro Here are the highlights and lowlights	We have reviewed Apple's new MacBook Pro. Here are the highlights and lowlights.	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you	Maine has voted for a better way to vote. And so should you.	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you	Maine Voted for a Better Way to Vote, and So Should You	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you	Maine voted for a better way to vote, and so should you	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you	Maine Voted for a Better Way to Vote, and So Should You Vote	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you	Maine Just Voted for a Better Way to Vote, and So Should You	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you	Maine Voted for a Better Way to Vote, and So Should You.	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you	Maine Just Voted for a Better Way to Vote, and So Should You.	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you	Maine Voted for a Better Way to Vote, and So Should You?	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you	Maine Voted for a Better Vote, and So Should You.	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you	Maine Just Voted for a Better Way to Vote, and So Should You?	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you	Maine Voted for a Better Vote, and So Should You Vote!	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you	Maine Just Voted for a Better Vote, and So Should You.	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you	Maine Voted for a Better Voting System, and So Should You	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you	Maine voted for a better way to vote. So should you?	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you	Maine voted for a better way to vote, and so should you?	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you	Maine Voted for a Better Vote, and So Should You!	1
Maine voted for a better way to vote , and so should you	Maine voted for a better way to vote, and so should you!	1
Samantha Bee calls out white people , and specifically white women , for ruining America	Samantha Bee Calls Out White People, and Specifically White Women, for Ruining America	1
Samantha Bee calls out white people , and specifically white women , for ruining America	Samantha Bee calls out white people, and  specifically white women, for ruining America.	1
Samantha Bee calls out white people , and specifically white women , for ruining America	Samantha Bee calls out white people, and particularly white women, for ruining America	1
President Barack Obama spoke first . President-elect Donald Trump barely looked at him AP Photo http	Obama spoke first. President-elect Trump barely looked at him AP Photo http	1
President Barack Obama spoke first . President-elect Donald Trump barely looked at him AP Photo http	President Obama spoke first President-elect Trump barely looked at him AP Photo http	1
President Barack Obama spoke first . President-elect Donald Trump barely looked at him AP Photo http	Barack Obama spoke first. President-elect Trump barely looked at him @AP Photo	1
President Barack Obama spoke first . President-elect Donald Trump barely looked at him AP Photo http	President Barack Obama spoke first. President-elect Donald Trump barely looked at him AP Photo	1
Kanye West went into a 17-minute tirade during a concert , praising Donald Trump and calling out Beyonc	Kanye West Gripped into a 17-Minute Tirade During a Concert, Praising Donald Trump and Calling Out Beyonc	1
Kanye West went into a 17-minute tirade during a concert , praising Donald Trump and calling out Beyonc	Kanye West Goes Down in a 17-Minute Tirade during a Concert, Praising Donald Trump and Calling Out Beyonc	1
Verizon buys LQD WiFi to expand its IoT strategy into " smart cities	Verizon acquires LQD WiFi to expand its IoT strategy in " smart cities	1
Verizon buys LQD WiFi to expand its IoT strategy into " smart cities	Verizon buys LQD WiFi to expand its IoT strategy into "Smart Cities	1
Verizon buys LQD WiFi to expand its IoT strategy into " smart cities	Verizon buys LQD WiFi to expand IoT strategy, also creating " smart cities	1
Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House by picking Bannon	Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House by picking Bannon.	1
Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House by picking Bannon	Trump is implementing white nationalism in the White House by picking Bannon	1
Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House by picking Bannon	Donald Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House by picking Bannon	1
Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House by picking Bannon	Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House, by picking Bannon.	1
Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House by picking Bannon	Donald Trump Is Installing White Nationalism in the White House by Picking Bannon	1
Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House by picking Bannon	Trump is installing White Nationalism in the White House by picking Bannon.	1
Two strong earthquakes hit the east coast of New Zealand early this morning	Two powerful earthquakes hit New Zealands east coast early this morning.	1
Two strong earthquakes hit the east coast of New Zealand early this morning	2 Strong earthquakes hit New Zealand's east coast early this morning.	1
Two strong earthquakes hit the east coast of New Zealand early this morning	Two powerful earthquakes hit the east coast of New Zealand early this morning.	1
Two strong earthquakes hit the east coast of New Zealand early this morning	Two powerful earthquakes hit the east coast of New Zealand early today morning.	1
200 people hospitalized with breathing difficulties in Tennessee as wildfires scorched across Southeast .	200 people hospitalized with breathing difficulties in Tennessee as wildfires scorched the Southeast.	1
200 people hospitalized with breathing difficulties in Tennessee as wildfires scorched across Southeast .	200 people hospitalized with breathing difficulties in Tennessee after wildfires scorched across the Southeast.	1
Boss says employees who agree with Trump's rhetoric should resign	Boss says employees who agree with Trump's rhetoric should resign.	1
Boss says employees who agree with Trump's rhetoric should resign	Boss tells employees who agree with Trump's rhetoric to resign	1
Boss says employees who agree with Trump's rhetoric should resign	Boss believes employees who agree with Trump's rhetoric should resign	1
Boss says employees who agree with Trump's rhetoric should resign	The bosses are saying that employees who agree with Trump's rhetoric should resign.	1
Boss says employees who agree with Trump's rhetoric should resign	Boss tells employees who agree with Trump's rhetoric to resign.	1
Boss says employees who agree with Trump's rhetoric should resign	Boss Says Employees Who Applaud Trump's Rhetoric Should Resign	1
Boss says employees who agree with Trump's rhetoric should resign	Boss: Employees who agree with Trump's rhetoric should resign	1
It's not just glass ceilings ; women are prevented from being leaders by glass walls on all sides .	It's not just glass ceilings ; women are kept from being leaders by glass walls on all sides.	1
It's not just glass ceilings ; women are prevented from being leaders by glass walls on all sides .	It's not just glass ceilings, women are prevented from being leaders by glass walls on all sides.	1
It's not just glass ceilings ; women are prevented from being leaders by glass walls on all sides .	It's not just glass ceilings. Women are also prevented from being leaders by glass walls on all sides.	1
It's not just glass ceilings ; women are prevented from being leaders by glass walls on all sides .	Its not just glass ceilings ; women are prevented from being leaders by glass walls on all sides.	1
It's not just glass ceilings ; women are prevented from being leaders by glass walls on all sides .	It’s not just glass ceilings ; Women are blocked from being leaders by glass walls on all sides.	1
It's not just glass ceilings ; women are prevented from being leaders by glass walls on all sides .	It's not just glass ceilings ; Women are prevented from being leaders by glass walls on all sides.	1
It's not just glass ceilings ; women are prevented from being leaders by glass walls on all sides .	Its not just glass ceilings. Women are prevented from being leaders by glass walls on all sides.	1
No , turnout didn't plummet this year . Yes , Democrats still have a turnout problem .	No, Turnout Didnt Plummet This Year. Yes, Democrats Still Have a Turnout Problem.	1
No , turnout didn't plummet this year . Yes , Democrats still have a turnout problem .	No, Turnout Didnt Plummet This Year. Yes, Democrats Still Have a Turnout Problem	1
Why did some white Obama voters go for Trump ?	Why did some white Obama voters go for Trump?	1
Why did some white Obama voters go for Trump ?	Why Did Some White Obama Voters Go for Trump?	1
Why did some white Obama voters go for Trump ?	Why Some White Obama Voters Go for Trump?	1
Why did some white Obama voters go for Trump ?	Why did some White Obama Voters Go for Trump?	1
Donald Trumps victory was built on unique coalition of white voters	Trump's victory was built on unique coalition of white voters	1
It is not normal for the KKK to celebrate the election of a president they view as their champion .	It is not normal for the KKK to celebrate the election of a president they regard as their champion.	1
It is not normal for the KKK to celebrate the election of a president they view as their champion .	It is not normal for the KKK to celebrate the election of a president they view as their champion.	1
It is not normal for the KKK to celebrate the election of a president they view as their champion .	It is not normal for the KKK to celebrate the election of a President they see as their champion.	1
It is not normal for the KKK to celebrate the election of a president they view as their champion .	It is not normal for the KKK to celebrate the election of a president they consider their champion.	1
It is not normal for the KKK to celebrate the election of a president they view as their champion .	It is not normal for the KKK to celebrate the election of a president they see as their champion.	1
It is not normal for the KKK to celebrate the election of a president they view as their champion .	It is not normal for the KKK to celebrate the election of a President they view as their champion.	1
I was speaking Spanish on the phone a few min ago in North Phoenix and a man was glaring at me	I was speaking Spanish on the phone a few min ago in North Phoenix and a man was glaring at me.	1
I was speaking Spanish on the phone a few min ago in North Phoenix and a man was glaring at me	I was speaking Spanish on the phone a few minutes ago in North Phoenix and a man was glaring at me.	1
I was speaking Spanish on the phone a few min ago in North Phoenix and a man was glaring at me	I was speaking Spanish on the phone a few minutes ago in North Phoenix and a man was glaring at me	1
I was speaking Spanish on the phone a few min ago in North Phoenix and a man was glaring at me	Just a few min ago, I was speaking Spanish on the phone in North Phoenix and a man was glaring at me.	1
Democrats just don't want to live where they'd need to live to turn . the map blue	The Democrats just don't want to live where they'd need to live to turn blue. The map shows	1
A reminder of what a horrid thing VP-elect Mike Pence is .	A reminder of what a horrible thing VP-elect Mike Pence is.	1
A reminder of what a horrid thing VP-elect Mike Pence is .	a reminder of what a horrendous thing VP-elect Mike Pence is.	1
A reminder of what a horrid thing VP-elect Mike Pence is .	A reminder of what a horrid thing VP-elect Mike Pence is.	1
A reminder of what a horrid thing VP-elect Mike Pence is .	A reminder of what a horrid thing VP-elect Mike Pence is	1
After Trump victory , Indian students are balking at going to U.S. for college . Is it safe ?	After Trump Victory, Indian Students Are Balking at Going to the USA for College. Is It Safe?	1
After Trump victory , Indian students are balking at going to U.S. for college . Is it safe ?	After Trump Victory, Indian Students Are Balking at Going to U.S. College. Is It Safe?	1
President Xi Jinping wants to be called " comrade . There is just one problem The term has multiple meanings .	president Xi Jinping wants to be called'comrade. There is just one problem The word has multiple meanings.	1
President Xi Jinping wants to be called " comrade . There is just one problem The term has multiple meanings .	President Xi Jinping Wants to Be Called'Comrade. There Is Just One Problem The term has Multiple Meanings.	1
President Xi Jinping wants to be called " comrade . There is just one problem The term has multiple meanings .	President Xi Jinping Wants to Be called'Comrade. There Is Just One Problem The term has multiple meanings.	1
President Xi Jinping wants to be called " comrade . There is just one problem The term has multiple meanings .	President Xi Jinping wants to be called'comrade. There is only one problem. The term has multiple meanings.	1
Sen. Reid to Trump Show America that racism , bullying and bigotry have no place in the White House or in America	Sen. Reid to Trump: " Racism, bullying and prejudice have no place in the White House or in America	1
Sen. Reid to Trump Show America that racism , bullying and bigotry have no place in the White House or in America	Sen. Reid to Trump to Show America That Racism, Bullying and Bigotry Have No Place in the White House or in America	1
Sen. Reid to Trump Show America that racism , bullying and bigotry have no place in the White House or in America	Sen. Reid to Trump Show America Racism, Bullying and Bigotry Have No Place in the White House or in America	1
Calls to crisis and suicide prevention hotlines surge post-election	Calls to crisis and suicide prevention hotlines surge post-election.	1
Calls to crisis and suicide prevention hotlines surge post-election	Calls to crisis and suicide prevention hotlines surge post-election!	1
Calls to crisis and suicide prevention hotlines surge post-election	Calls to crisis, suicide prevention hotlines surge post-election	1
Calls to crisis and suicide prevention hotlines surge post-election	Calls to Crisis, Suicide Prevention Hotlines Surge Post-Election	1
megyn kelly got more steamed at the concept of a black santa claus than at this shit	Maggie kelly got more steamed at the concept of a black santa claus than at this shit	1
megyn kelly got more steamed at the concept of a black santa claus than at this shit	Megyn kelly got more steamed at the concept of a black Santa Claus than at this shit.	1
megyn kelly got more steamed at the concept of a black santa claus than at this shit	Megyn kelly got more steamed at the idea of a black Santa Claus claus than at this shit	1
NES Classic Edition and all 30 games on it	The NES Classic Edition and all 30 games on it	1
After Donald Trump's win , Mexico is in a state of anguish and paralysis	After Trump's Win, Mexico Is In a State of Anguish and Paralysis	1
After Donald Trump's win , Mexico is in a state of anguish and paralysis	Mexico is in a state of anguish and paralysis after Trump's victory	1
Donald Trump Says He'd ' Absolutely ' Require Muslims to Register , just like Nazi list of Jews	Donald Trump Says He Would'Absolutely'Require Muslims to Register, Just Like Nazi List Of Jews.	1
Donald Trump Says He'd ' Absolutely ' Require Muslims to Register , just like Nazi list of Jews	Trump Says He Would'Absolutely'Require Muslims to Register, Just Like Nazi List of Jews	1
Donald Trump Says He'd ' Absolutely ' Require Muslims to Register , just like Nazi list of Jews	Donald Trump Says He Would Absolutely Require Muslims to Register, Just Like Nazi List Of Jews	1
Donald Trump Says He'd ' Absolutely ' Require Muslims to Register , just like Nazi list of Jews	Trump says he would'absolutely'require Muslims to register, just like Nazi list of Jews	1
Donald Trump Says He'd ' Absolutely ' Require Muslims to Register , just like Nazi list of Jews	Donald Trump says he would'absolutely'require Muslims to register, just like Nazi List of Jews.	1
Donald Trump Says He'd ' Absolutely ' Require Muslims to Register , just like Nazi list of Jews	Donald Trump says he would'absolutely'require Muslims to register, just like Nazi list of Jews.	1
Donald Trump Says He'd ' Absolutely ' Require Muslims to Register , just like Nazi list of Jews	Donald Trump says he would'absolutely'require Muslims to register, just like Nazi list of Jews	1
Donald Trump Says He'd ' Absolutely ' Require Muslims to Register , just like Nazi list of Jews	Donald Trump says he'd'absolutely'require Muslims to register, just like Nazi list of Jews	1
Donald Trump Says He'd ' Absolutely ' Require Muslims to Register , just like Nazi list of Jews	Donald Trump says he'd absolutely'require Muslims to register, just like Nazi list of Jews	1
Donald Trump Says He'd ' Absolutely ' Require Muslims to Register , just like Nazi list of Jews	Trump says he would absolutely require Muslims to register, just like Nazi list of Jews.	1
Donald Trump Says He'd ' Absolutely ' Require Muslims to Register , just like Nazi list of Jews	Donald Trump Says He Would'Absolutely'Require Muslims to Register, Just Like Nazi List of Jews.	1
Donald Trump Says He'd ' Absolutely ' Require Muslims to Register , just like Nazi list of Jews	Trump says he would'absolutely'require Muslims to register, just like Nazi list of Jews.	1
Donald Trump Says He'd ' Absolutely ' Require Muslims to Register , just like Nazi list of Jews	Trump Says He'd'Absolutely'Require Muslims to Register, Just Like Nazi List of Jews.	1
Donald Trump Says He'd ' Absolutely ' Require Muslims to Register , just like Nazi list of Jews	Trump says he would absolutely require Muslim registers, just like Nazi list of Jews.	1
A former Valeant executive and a pharmacy chief have been charged in a fraud and kickback scheme	The former Valeant executive and pharmacy chief were charged with fraud and kickback schemes.	1
Zuck denies Facebook News Feed bubble impacted the election	Zuck denies facebook news feed bubble impacted election	1
Zuck denies Facebook News Feed bubble impacted the election	Zuck denies Facebook News Feed bubble impacted election	1
The West Coast feel increasingly like an island unto its own	Increasingly, the West Coast feels like an island to its own.	1
The West Coast feel increasingly like an island unto its own	West Coast feel increasingly like an island to its own.	1
Donald Trump's ex-wife Ivana says she wants to be ambassador to the Czech Republic	Trump's ex-wife Ivana says she wants to be Czech ambassador.	1
Donald Trump's ex-wife Ivana says she wants to be ambassador to the Czech Republic	Trump's ex-wife Ivana wants to be ambassador to the Czech Republic	1
Donald Trump's ex-wife Ivana says she wants to be ambassador to the Czech Republic	Donald Trump's ex-wife Ivana wants to be ambassador to the Czech Republic.	1
Trump has chosen Mike Pompeo to lead the CIA . He was a sharp critic of Hillary Clinton on the Benghazi committee .	Trump chooses Mike Pompeo as CIA Director, and he was a sharp critic of Clinton on the Benghazi committee.	1
Trump has chosen Mike Pompeo to lead the CIA . He was a sharp critic of Hillary Clinton on the Benghazi committee .	Trump has chosen Mike Pompeo as CIA director. He was a sharp critic of Clinton on the Benghazi committee.	1
Gale force winds and heavy rain hamper New Zealand earthquake evacuation .	Gale force winds and heavy rain hamper New Zealand quake evacuation	1
Gale force winds and heavy rain hamper New Zealand earthquake evacuation .	New Zealand earthquake, gale force winds and heavy rain hamper evacuation	1
Gale force winds and heavy rain hamper New Zealand earthquake evacuation .	Gale force winds and heavy rain hamper New Zealand's earthquake evacuation	1
Gale force winds and heavy rain hamper New Zealand earthquake evacuation .	New Zealand's gale force winds and heavy rain hamper earthquake evacuation	1
Gale force winds and heavy rain hamper New Zealand earthquake evacuation .	Gale force winds and heavy rain hamper New Zealand earthquake evacuation.	1
The State Department confirms that , like the Pentagon , it has not heard from anyone on Donald Trumps team	State Dept confirms that, like the Pentagon, it has not heard from anyone on Trumps team	1
The State Department confirms that , like the Pentagon , it has not heard from anyone on Donald Trumps team	State Department confirms that, like the Pentagon, it has not heard from anyone on Trumps team.	1
The State Department confirms that , like the Pentagon , it has not heard from anyone on Donald Trumps team	State Dept confirms that like the Pentagon, it has not heard from anyone on Donald Trumps team.	1
Marijuana use can weaken heart muscles , particularly in young men , according to a new study	New study shows marijuana use can weaken heart muscles, especially in young men	1
Marijuana use can weaken heart muscles , particularly in young men , according to a new study	Researchers found that marijuana use can weaken heart muscles, particularly in young men.	1
Marijuana use can weaken heart muscles , particularly in young men , according to a new study	A new study suggests that marijuana use can weaken heart muscles, particularly in young men.	1
Marijuana use can weaken heart muscles , particularly in young men , according to a new study	New study shows marijuana use can weaken heart muscles, especially in young men.	1
Marijuana use can weaken heart muscles , particularly in young men , according to a new study	A new study suggests marijuana use can weaken heart muscles, particularly in young men.	1
Marijuana use can weaken heart muscles , particularly in young men , according to a new study	A new study suggests marijuana use can weaken heart muscles, especially in young men	1
Marijuana use can weaken heart muscles , particularly in young men , according to a new study	New study finds marijuana use can weaken heart muscles, especially in young men	1
Marijuana use can weaken heart muscles , particularly in young men , according to a new study	Researchers have found that cannabis use can weaken heart muscles, particularly in young men.	1
Marijuana use can weaken heart muscles , particularly in young men , according to a new study	This study shows that marijuana use can weaken heart muscles, particularly in young men.	1
Marijuana use can weaken heart muscles , particularly in young men , according to a new study	According to a new study, marijuana use can weaken heart muscles, particularly in young men	1
Marijuana use can weaken heart muscles , particularly in young men , according to a new study	Research shows that marijuana use can weaken heart muscles, especially in young men.	1
Marijuana use can weaken heart muscles , particularly in young men , according to a new study	A new study suggests that marijuana use can weaken heart muscles, especially in young men.	1
Marijuana use can weaken heart muscles , particularly in young men , according to a new study	Cannabis use can weaken heart muscles, especially in young men, according to a new study	1
Marijuana use can weaken heart muscles , particularly in young men , according to a new study	This study shows that marijuana use can weaken heart muscles, especially in young men.	1
Marijuana use can weaken heart muscles , particularly in young men , according to a new study	Marijuana can weaken heart muscles, particularly in young men, according to a new study	1
Marijuana use can weaken heart muscles , particularly in young men , according to a new study	According to a new study, marijuana use can weaken heart muscles, especially in young men	1
Obama is answering a few more questions at his first news conference since Trump was elected	Obama is answering a few more questions at his first news conference since Trump's election to office	1
Humanitarian agencies say the latest bombings in Syria are a pattern of deliberate attacks on health care facilities	Humanitarian agencies say new bombings in Syria are a pattern of deliberate attacks on healthcare facilities	1
Humanitarian agencies say the latest bombings in Syria are a pattern of deliberate attacks on health care facilities	Humanitarian agencies say the latest bombings in Syria are a pattern of deliberate attacks on health care facilities.	1
Humanitarian agencies say the latest bombings in Syria are a pattern of deliberate attacks on health care facilities	Humanitarian agencies say the latest bombings are a pattern of deliberate attacks on health care facilities in Syria	1
Humanitarian agencies say the latest bombings in Syria are a pattern of deliberate attacks on health care facilities	The latest bombings in Syria are a pattern of deliberate attacks on health care facilities, humanitarian agencies say	1
Humanitarian agencies say the latest bombings in Syria are a pattern of deliberate attacks on health care facilities	Humanitarian agencies cite recent bombings in Syria as a pattern of deliberate attacks on health care facilities	1
Humanitarian agencies say the latest bombings in Syria are a pattern of deliberate attacks on health care facilities	Humanitarian agencies say latest bombings in Syria are pattern of deliberate attacks on health care facilities	1
Humanitarian agencies say the latest bombings in Syria are a pattern of deliberate attacks on health care facilities	Humanitarian agencies call on the latest bombings in Syria a pattern of deliberate attacks on health care facilities.	1
Humanitarian agencies say the latest bombings in Syria are a pattern of deliberate attacks on health care facilities	The latest bombings in Syria are a pattern of deliberate attacks on health care facilities, humanitarian agencies say.	1
Humanitarian agencies say the latest bombings in Syria are a pattern of deliberate attacks on health care facilities	Humanitarian agencies say latest bombings in Syria are a pattern of deliberate attacks on health care facilities	1
Humanitarian agencies say the latest bombings in Syria are a pattern of deliberate attacks on health care facilities	Humanitarian agencies cite latest Syria bombings as deliberate attacks on health care facilities	1
Dave Chappelle hosted " SNL . Kate McKinnon , as Hillary Clinton , sang the Leonard Cohen song " Hallelujah .	Dave Chappelle hosted'SNL. Kate McKinnon'as Hillary Clinton sang the Leonard Cohen song, " Hallelujah.	1
Dave Chappelle hosted " SNL . Kate McKinnon , as Hillary Clinton , sang the Leonard Cohen song " Hallelujah .	Dave Chappelle hosted'SNL. Kate McKinnon, as Hillary Clinton sang Leonard Cohens song  Hallelujah ''	1
Zuckerberg denies Facebook's ' fake news ' tilted election	Zuckerberg denies Facebooks'fake news'tilted election	1
Zuckerberg denies Facebook's ' fake news ' tilted election	Zuckerberg denies Facebook's'fake news'tilted election!	1
Zuckerberg denies Facebook's ' fake news ' tilted election	Zuckerberg denies Facebook's 'fake news' tilted election	1
Zuckerberg denies Facebook's ' fake news ' tilted election	Zuckerberg denies Facebook's'fake news'tilted election	1
Zuckerberg denies Facebook's ' fake news ' tilted election	Zuckerberg denies Facebook's'fake news'tilted election.	1
JPMorgan pays $264 million to settle charges of a ' systematic bribery scheme ' aimed at winning business in China .	JPMorgan has agreed to pay $264m to settle charges of a'systematic bribery scheme' aimed at winning business in China.	1
The Electoral College is an instrument of white supremacyand sexism	The Electoral College Is an Instrument of White Supremacy and Sexism	1
The Electoral College is an instrument of white supremacyand sexism	The electoral college is an instrument of white supremacy, and sexism	1
How one tweet from a 35-year-old with 40 followers started a nationwide conspiracy theory about anti-Trump protests	How One Tweet From a 35-Year-Old with 40 Followers Started a National Conspiracy Theory About Anti-Trump Protests	1
How one tweet from a 35-year-old with 40 followers started a nationwide conspiracy theory about anti-Trump protests	How one tweet from a 35-year-old with 40 followers started a nationwide conspiracy theory about anti-Trump protests.	1
How one tweet from a 35-year-old with 40 followers started a nationwide conspiracy theory about anti-Trump protests	How one tweet from a 35-year-old with 40 followers began a nationwide conspiracy theory about anti-Trump protests	1
How one tweet from a 35-year-old with 40 followers started a nationwide conspiracy theory about anti-Trump protests	How One Tweet From a 35-Year-Old with 40 Followers Begun a National Conspiracy Theory About Anti-Trump Protests	1
Michael Moore pushes back against notion that Americans who voted for #DonaldTrump are racist	Michael Moore pushes back against notion that Americans who voted for @DonaldTrump are racist.	1
Michael Moore pushes back against notion that Americans who voted for #DonaldTrump are racist	Michael Moore pushes back against idea that Americans who voted for #DonaldTrump are racist	1
Michael Moore pushes back against notion that Americans who voted for #DonaldTrump are racist	Michael Moore pushes back against notion that Americans who voted for #DonaldTrump are racist.	1
It's not just its unicorn-like tusk that makes the narwhal seem unbelievable	It is not just its unicorn-like tusk that makes the narwhal seem unbelievable	1
It's not just its unicorn-like tusk that makes the narwhal seem unbelievable	It's not just its unicorn-like tusk that makes the narwhal seem unbelievable.	1
Priebus defends Trump's call to keep fiery Breitbart boss in inner circle	Priebus defends Trump's call to keep fiery Breitbart boss in inner circle.	1
Alex Jones , looking to be the enforcer of Trump's promises to the right	Alex Jones, trying to be the enforcer of Trump's promises to the right	1
Alex Jones , looking to be the enforcer of Trump's promises to the right	Alex Jones, looking to be the enforcer of Trump's promises to the right	1
the key detail here is Trump admitting he committed way more than 25 million worth of fraud	Key Detail here is Trump admitting he committed way more than 25 million worth of fraud.	1
Khizr Khan on Trump I hate to continue to give him lessons in civics	Khizr Khan on Donald Trump I hate to continue to give him lessons in civics	1
Khizr Khan on Trump I hate to continue to give him lessons in civics	Khizr Khan on Trump I hate to continue to give him lessons in civics.	1
Khizr Khan on Trump I hate to continue to give him lessons in civics	Khizr Khan on Trump : I hate to continue to give him lessons in civics.	1
Khizr Khan on Trump I hate to continue to give him lessons in civics	Khizr Khan on Trump : I hate to continue to give him lessons in civics	1
Khizr Khan on Trump I hate to continue to give him lessons in civics	Khizr Khan on Trump, I hate to continue to give him lessons in civics	1
Hillary Clinton in emotional post-election speech Coming here tonight wasn't the easiest	Hillary Clinton in emotional post-election speech: "Coming here tonight wasn't the easiest	1
Hillary Clinton in emotional post-election speech Coming here tonight wasn't the easiest	Hillary Clinton in emotional post-election speech Coming here tonight wasnt the easiest	1
Business ties could complicate Rudy Giuliani's bid for secretary of state	business ties could complicate Giuliani's bid for Secretary of State.	1
Bernie Sanders ' humiliated ' Democrats can't talk to ' white working class ' voters	Bernie Sanders'humiliated'Democrats can't talk to'white working class'voters	1
Trump transition team is " scrambling " after reorganization , source tells CBS	Trump Transition Team Is " scrambling " after reorganization, source tells CBS	1
Trump transition team is " scrambling " after reorganization , source tells CBS	Trump Transition Team Is'scrambling'after reorganization, source tells CBS	1
Claude Monet's " Grainstack " sets record with $81.4 million at auction	Monet's'Grainstack'sets record with $81.4 million at auction	1
Claude Monet's " Grainstack " sets record with $81.4 million at auction	Monet's Grainstack Sets Record With $81.4 Million at Auction	1
Claude Monet's " Grainstack " sets record with $81.4 million at auction	Monet's'Grainstack'Sets Record With $81.4 Million at Auction	1
In less than four minutes , SNL shows exactly how Trump will break the media	In Less Than 4 Minutes, SNL Shows Exact How Trump Will Break the Media	1
In less than four minutes , SNL shows exactly how Trump will break the media	In Less Than Four Minutes, SNL Shows Exactly How Trump Will Break the Media	1
In less than four minutes , SNL shows exactly how Trump will break the media	In Less Than Four Minutes, SNL Shows Exactly How Trump Will Break the Media.	1
Actually , I think Donald Trump has given us many , many , many clues	Donald Trump has given us many, many, many clues.	1
Obama commends Greece for spending 2% of GDP on defence on his final foreign trip	Obama commends Greece for spending 2% of GDP on defense on his final foreign trip	1
Obama commends Greece for spending 2% of GDP on defence on his final foreign trip	Obama commends Greece for spending 2% of GDP on defence on his last foreign trip	1
Obama commends Greece for spending 2% of GDP on defence on his final foreign trip	Obama commends Greece for spending 2% of GDP on defense in his final foreign trip	1
Obama commends Greece for spending 2% of GDP on defence on his final foreign trip	Obama commends Greece for spending 2% of GDP on defense during final foreign trip	1
The Electoral College is an instrument of white supremacyand sexism .	The Electoral College is an instrument of white supremacy and of sexism.	1
The Electoral College is an instrument of white supremacyand sexism .	The Electoral College is an instrument of white supremacy and sexism.	1
The Electoral College is an instrument of white supremacyand sexism .	The Electoral College Is an Instrument of White Supremacy and Sexism.	1
The Electoral College is an instrument of white supremacyand sexism .	The electoral college is an instrument of white supremacy and sexism.	1
The Electoral College is an instrument of white supremacyand sexism .	The electoral college is an instrument of white supremacyand sexism.	1
The Electoral College is an instrument of white supremacyand sexism .	The electoral college is an instrument of sexism and white supremacy.	1
President Obama says hes not worried about being the last Democratic president	Presidency Obama says he is not worried about being the last Democratic president.	1
President Obama says hes not worried about being the last Democratic president	Obama says he is not worried about being the last Democratic president.	1
President Obama says hes not worried about being the last Democratic president	President Barack Obama says he is not concerned about being the last Democratic President.	1
President Obama says hes not worried about being the last Democratic president	Obama says he's not worried about being the last Democratic president.	1
President Obama says hes not worried about being the last Democratic president	Obama says he is not worried about being the last Democratic president	1
President Obama says hes not worried about being the last Democratic president	President Barack Obama says he is not worried about being the last Democratic president.	1
President Obama says hes not worried about being the last Democratic president	Obama says hes not worried about being the last Democratic President.	1
Russia to withdraw from International Criminal Court on President Vladimir Putin's orders .	Russia to withdraw from International Criminal Court at President Putin's request	1
Do young Americans have a right to a stable climate ? They are suing the US for just that	Do young Americans have a right to a stable climate? They are suing the U.S. for just that	1
Do young Americans have a right to a stable climate ? They are suing the US for just that	Do young Americans have a right to a stable climate? They are suing the US for just that.	1
Trump reportedly appeared not to understand scope of presidency during Obama meeting	Trump apparently appeared not to understand scope of presidency at Obama meeting	1
Facebooks algorithm only serves real and fake news that reinforces your world view	Facebooks algorithm serves only real and fake news that reinforces your worldview	1
Facebooks algorithm only serves real and fake news that reinforces your world view	Facebooks algorithm serves only real and fake news that reinforces your world view	1
Facebooks algorithm only serves real and fake news that reinforces your world view	Facebooks algorithm serves only real and fake news that reinforces your view of the world	1
Facebooks algorithm only serves real and fake news that reinforces your world view	Facebooks algorithm only serves real and fake news that reinforces your worldview	1
Muslim student made up report of assault , robbery by man wearing ' Trump ' hat , police say	Muslim Student Made Up Report of Assault, Robbery by Man Wearing 'Trump'Hat, Police Say	1
Muslim student made up report of assault , robbery by man wearing ' Trump ' hat , police say	Muslim Student Makes Up Report Of Assault, Robbery by Man Wearing'Trump'Hat, Police Say	1
Muslim student made up report of assault , robbery by man wearing ' Trump ' hat , police say	Muslim student fabricated report of assault, robbery by man wearing'Trump'hat, police say	1
Muslim student made up report of assault , robbery by man wearing ' Trump ' hat , police say	Muslim student made up report of assault and robbery by man wearing'Trump'hat, police say.	1
Muslim student made up report of assault , robbery by man wearing ' Trump ' hat , police say	Muslim student made up report of assault, robbery by man wearing'Trump'hat, police say	1
Muslim student made up report of assault , robbery by man wearing ' Trump ' hat , police say	Muslim student is made up report of assault, robbery by man wearing'Trump'hat, police say	1
Muslim student made up report of assault , robbery by man wearing ' Trump ' hat , police say	Muslim Student, Made Up Report of Assault, Robbery by Man Wearing'Trump'Hat, Police Say	1
Now that the election is over , is it time to break up with Twitter ?	Now that the election is over, is it time to break up with #Twitter?	1
How journalists failed in 2016and what we must do now that Trump is president	How Journalists Failed in 2016 And What We Must Do Now That Trump Is President	1
Trump dispatching ' landing teams ' to Obama agencies , as Cabinet vetting heats up	Donald Trump will send'landing teams'to Obama agencies, as cabinet vetting heats up	1
Trump dispatching ' landing teams ' to Obama agencies , as Cabinet vetting heats up	Trump sending'landing teams'to Obama agencies, as cabinet vetting heats up	1
U.S. taxpayers footing the bill for security at unused ' Ghost Hotel ' in Kabul	U.S. taxpayers footing the bill for security at unused'Ghost Hotel'in Kabul	1
U.S. taxpayers footing the bill for security at unused ' Ghost Hotel ' in Kabul	US taxpayers footing the bill for security at unused'Ghost Hotel'in Kabul	1
U.S. taxpayers footing the bill for security at unused ' Ghost Hotel ' in Kabul	US taxpayers foot the bill for security at unused'Ghost Hotel'in Kabul	1
With Donald Trump in power , the Fed is getting ready for a reckoning	With Donald Trump in Power, the Fed Gets Ready for a Reckoning	1
With Donald Trump in power , the Fed is getting ready for a reckoning	With Donald Trump in Power, the Federal Reserve is getting ready for a reckoning	1
With Donald Trump in power , the Fed is getting ready for a reckoning	With Donald Trump in Power, the Fed Is Getting Ready for a Reckoning	1
With Donald Trump in power , the Fed is getting ready for a reckoning	With Donald Trump in Power, the Federal Reserve Gets Ready for a Reckoning	1
With Donald Trump in power , the Fed is getting ready for a reckoning	With Donald Trump in Power, the Fed is getting ready for a reckoning	1
With Donald Trump in power , the Fed is getting ready for a reckoning	With Donald Trump in Power, the Fed Is Get Ready for a Reckoning	1
With Donald Trump in power , the Fed is getting ready for a reckoning	With Donald Trump in Power, the Fed is Get Ready for a Reckoning	1
This is the story of the Paris attacks by those who lived through them one year ago .	This is the story of the Paris attacks by those who lived through them, one year ago.	1
This is the story of the Paris attacks by those who lived through them one year ago .	This is the story of the Paris attacks by those who lived through them a year ago.	1
This is the story of the Paris attacks by those who lived through them one year ago .	This is the story of the Paris attacks of those who lived through them, a year ago.	1
This is the story of the Paris attacks by those who lived through them one year ago .	This is the story of the Paris attacks of those who lived through them a year ago.	1
This is the story of the Paris attacks by those who lived through them one year ago .	This is the story of the Paris attacks by those who lived through them one year ago.	1
This is the story of the Paris attacks by those who lived through them one year ago .	This is the story of the Paris attacks of those who lived through them one year ago.	1
Please never let go of your ability to be outraged . Horror normalizes if it never stops .	Do not let go of your ability to be outraged. Horror normalizes if it never stops.	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	Immigrants who came to the US as children are worried about being deported Under Trump	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	Immigrants Who Came to the U.S. as Children Fear Deportation Under Trump	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are concerned about being deported under Trump	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	US immigrants who came to the United States as children are concerned about being deported under Trump	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump.	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	Immigration Immigrants Who Came to U.S. as Children Are Worried About Being Deported Under Trump	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	immigrants who came to the United States as children are concerned about being deported under Trump.	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	Immigrants, who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	Immigrants Who Came to the United States as Children Fear Deportation Under Trump	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump.	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	Immigrants Who Came to the U.S. As Children Fear Deportation Under Trump	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	Many immigrants who came to the U.S. as children fear being deported under Donald Trump.	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	Immigrants who came to the United States as children are worried about being deported under Trump	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	Immigrants Who Came to the U.S. as Children Fear Deportation Under Trump.	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	Immigrants Who Came to the U.S. as Children Are Fearing Deportation Under Trump	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	immigrants who came to the United States as children are worried about being deported under Trump	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	Immigrants Who Came to the United States as Children Are Worried About Being Deported Under Trump	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	Immigrants Who Came to the United States as Children Are Fearing Deportation Under Trump	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	Immigrants who came to the US as children are worried about being deported under Trump.	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	Immigrants who came to the US as children are worried about being deported under Trump	1
Immigrants who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump	Those who came to the U.S. as children are worried about being deported under Trump.	1
What can one girl's death show about violence in Chicago ? Meet Veronica Lopez , 15 .	What Can One Girl's Death Show About Violence in Chicago? Meet Veronica Lopez, 15.	1
Rebels in Syria are bracing for a cutoff of U.S. support once Donald Trump takes office .	Rebels in Syria are ready for a cutoff of U.S. support once Trump takes office	1
Hillary Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate besides Obama .	Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate before Obama.	1
Hillary Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate besides Obama .	Clinton Probably Received More Votes Than Any Presidential Candidate Besides Obama.	1
Hillary Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate besides Obama .	Hillary probably received more votes than any presidential candidate other than Obama.	1
Hillary Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate besides Obama .	Hillary Clinton Likely Received More Votes Than Any Presidential Candidate besides Obama.	1
Hillary Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate besides Obama .	Hillary Clinton Likely Received More Votes Than Any Presidential Candidate Besides Obama	1
Hillary Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate besides Obama .	Clinton Likely Received More Votes Than Any Candidate Other Than Obama.	1
Hillary Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate besides Obama .	Hillary Clinton Probably Received More Votes Than Any Presidential Candidate Aside Obama	1
Hillary Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate besides Obama .	Hillary Clinton Likely Received More Votes Than Any Presidential Candidate Aside Obama	1
Hillary Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate besides Obama .	Hillary Clinton Likely Received More Votes Than Any Presidential Candidate Other Than Obama	1
Hillary Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate besides Obama .	Clinton probably received more votes than any other candidate outside Obama.	1
Hillary Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate besides Obama .	Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate other than Obama.	1
Hillary Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate besides Obama .	Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate else except Obama.	1
Hillary Clinton probably received more votes than any candidate besides Obama .	Hillary Clinton Likely Received More Votes Than Any Presidential Candidate Aside From Obama.	1
Obama , Clinton should call for calm ; Reid should ' be very careful	Obama, Clinton should call for calm, Reid should'be very careful	1
Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism . That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon , " critic says .	Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism That gives Trump 'a fully loaded weapon'critic says	1
Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism . That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon , " critic says .	President Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism. That gives Trump'a fully loaded weapon,' critic says.	1
Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism . That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon , " critic says .	Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism. That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon, " critic says.	1
Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism . That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon , " critic says .	Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism. That gives Trump "a fully loaded weapon, " critic says	1
Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism . That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon , " critic says .	Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism, giving Trump'a fully loaded weapon, " critic says	1
Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism . That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon , " critic says .	Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism. That gives Trump "a fully loaded weapon, " critic says.	1
Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism . That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon , " critic says .	Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism. That gives Trump a fully loaded weapon, critic says.	1
Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism . That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon , " critic says .	Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism That gives Trump 'a fully loaded weapon,' critic says.	1
Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism . That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon , " critic says .	Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism that gives Trump "a fully loaded weapon," critic says.	1
Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism . That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon , " critic says .	Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism. That gives Trump 'a fully loaded weapon,' critic says.	1
Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism . That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon , " critic says .	Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism. That gives Trump 'a fully loaded weapon,' critic says	1
Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism . That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon , " critic says .	Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism. That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon " critic says.	1
Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism . That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon , " critic says .	Obama's imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism. That gives Trump a fully loaded weapon, critic says.	1
Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism . That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon , " critic says .	Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism. That gives Trump'a fully loaded weapon,' critic says.	1
Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism . That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon , " critic says .	Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism. That gives Trump "a fully loaded weapon," critic says.	1
Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism . That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon , " critic says .	Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism. That gives Trump'a fully loaded weapon'critic says.	1
Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism . That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon , " critic says .	Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism. That gives Trump'a fully loaded weapon,'critic says.	1
Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism . That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon , " critic says .	Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism That gives Trump "a fully loaded weapon" critic says	1
Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism . That gives Trump " a fully loaded weapon , " critic says .	Obama imposed his own limits on power to fight terrorism. That gives Trump a fully loaded weapon, critic says	1
Trump called for " total & amp ; complete shutdown of Muslims entering the U.S. " on 1215 .	Trump called for " total & amp ; complete shutdown of Muslim entry to the US " on 1215	1
Trump called for " total & amp ; complete shutdown of Muslims entering the U.S. " on 1215 .	Trump calls for'total & amp ; complete shutdown of Muslims entering the US'on 1215	1
Trump called for " total & amp ; complete shutdown of Muslims entering the U.S. " on 1215 .	Donald Trump called for a complete & amp ; complete shutdown for Muslims entering the US on 1215.	1
Dispatches from various states of Trump's America show a country at odds with itself	Dispatches from various states of Trumps America show a country at odds with itself	1
Dispatches from various states of Trump's America show a country at odds with itself	Dispatches From Different States of Trumps America Show a Country At odds With Itself	1
Dispatches from various states of Trump's America show a country at odds with itself	Dispatches From Different States of Trump's America Show a Country At odds With Itself	1
Dispatches from various states of Trump's America show a country at odds with itself	Dispatches From Different States of Trump's America Show a Country at odds With Itself	1
Women are advising each other to get IUDs now a form of birth control that could last through a Trump presidency	Women are telling each other to get IUDs, a form of birth control that could last through a Trump presidency	1
Facebook is embroiled in accusations that it spread fake news stories that influenced how Americans voted	Facebook embroiled in accusations of spreading fake news stories that influenced how Americans voted	1
Facebook is embroiled in accusations that it spread fake news stories that influenced how Americans voted	@Facebook is embroiled in accusations that it spread fake news stories that influenced how Americans voted	1
Facebook is embroiled in accusations that it spread fake news stories that influenced how Americans voted	Facebook is embroiled in accusations that it spread fake news stories that influenced how Americans voted.	1
Aaron Wixson is utilizing the military's recently adopted " gender transition process	Aaron Wixson is utilizing the military's recently adopted " gender transition process ".	1
Aaron Wixson is utilizing the military's recently adopted " gender transition process	Aaron Wixson is using the military's recently adopted " gender transition process ".	1
Aaron Wixson is utilizing the military's recently adopted " gender transition process	Aaron Wixson is utilizing the recently-adopted " gender transition process" of the military	1
We reviewed all 30 games on the NES Classic Edition	We reviewed all 30 games on the NES Classic Edition.	1
We reviewed all 30 games on the NES Classic Edition	We reviewed all 30 games on NES Classic Edition.	1
Philosopher who predicted Trump in 1998 also predicted his 1st act as president-elect	Philosopher who predicted Trump in 98 also predicted his 1st act as president-elect	1
Philosopher who predicted Trump in 1998 also predicted his 1st act as president-elect	Philosopher who predicted Trump in 1998 also predicted his 1st act as president-elect.	1
A president of the United States should not have a racist at his side	A president of the United States should not have a racist at his side.	1
A president of the United States should not have a racist at his side	A President of the United States should not have a racist at his side!	1
A president of the United States should not have a racist at his side	A president of the US should not have a racist at his side!	1
A president of the United States should not have a racist at his side	A President of the United States should not have a racist at his side.	1
A federal judge ordered the release of Brendan Dassey , the " Making a Murderer " subject	A federal judge ordered the release of Brendan Dassey, the " Making a Murderer " subject.	1
A federal judge ordered the release of Brendan Dassey , the " Making a Murderer " subject	A federal judge ordered the release of Brendan Dassey, the Making a Murderer'subject.	1
This House GOP photo is making waves , and not because Mike Pence is using a selfie stick	House GOP Photo Is Making Waves, and Not Because Mike Pence Is Using a Selfie Stick	1
Fake news ran wild on our platform during the entire campaign season	Fake news ran wild on our platform throughout the entire campaign season	1
Fake news ran wild on our platform during the entire campaign season	Fake news ran wild on our platform during the entire campaign season.	1
Fake news ran wild on our platform during the entire campaign season	Fake news ran wild on the platform, during the entire campaign season	1
Fake news ran wild on our platform during the entire campaign season	Fake news ran wild on our platform, throughout the entire campaign season	1
Fake news ran wild on our platform during the entire campaign season	Fake news ran wild on our platform throughout the entire campaign season.	1
Fake news ran wild on our platform during the entire campaign season	Fake news ran wild on our platform, during the entire campaign season	1
Fake news ran wild on our platform during the entire campaign season	During the entire campaign season, fake news ran wild on our platform	1
Donald Trump lashed out on Twitter early Sunday against his critics in the entertainment business	Trump Lashed Out on Twitter Early Sunday Against His Critics in the Entertainment Business	1
Donald Trump lashed out on Twitter early Sunday against his critics in the entertainment business	Trump lashed out on Twitter early Sunday against his critics in the entertainment business.	1
Donald Trump lashed out on Twitter early Sunday against his critics in the entertainment business	Trump lashed out on Twitter early Sunday against critics in the entertainment business	1
This bird looks like Donald Trump and the internet is LOSING it	This bird looks like Donald Trump and the internet is LOSING IT.	1
Republicans in Congress plan swift action on agenda with Donald Trump	Republicans in Congress plan quick action on agenda with Donald Trump	1
Republicans in Congress plan swift action on agenda with Donald Trump	Republicans in Congress Plan Quick Action on Agenda With Donald Trump	1
Youre deluding yourself if you think that Twitter messages , posts and likes are a productive use of your time	Youre Deluding Yourself If You Think Twitter Texts, Posts, and Likes Are a Productive Use of Your Time	1
Youre deluding yourself if you think that Twitter messages , posts and likes are a productive use of your time	Youre deluding yourself if you think that Twitter messages, posts and likes are a productive use of your time.	1
Does Trump want to start a trade war with China ? If so , he has weapons .	Do Trump Want to Start a Trade War With China? If So, He Has Weapons	1
Does Trump want to start a trade war with China ? If so , he has weapons .	Does Trump want to start a trade war with China? In those cases, he has weapons	1
LinkedIn is to be blocked in Russia after a court ruled that it had breached the countrys data protection rules	LinkedIn is to be blocked in Russia After Court Rules That It Had Breached the Countrys Data Protection Policies	1
Two years after super-hack of US secrets , White House agency getting worse at cyber-defense	Two years after super-hack of US secrets, White House agency getting worse at cyber-defense	1
Two years after super-hack of US secrets , White House agency getting worse at cyber-defense	2 years after super-hack of US secrets, White House agency getting worse at cyber-defense.	1
Two years after super-hack of US secrets , White House agency getting worse at cyber-defense	Two years after super-hack of US secrets, white house agency getting worse at cyber-defense	1
Two years after super-hack of US secrets , White House agency getting worse at cyber-defense	2 years after super-hack of US secrets, White House agency getting worse at cyber-defense	1
Two years after super-hack of US secrets , White House agency getting worse at cyber-defense	2 Years After Super-Hack of US Secrets, White House Agency Becoming Worse at Cyber-Defense	1
Two years after super-hack of US secrets , White House agency getting worse at cyber-defense	Two years after super-hack of US secrets, White House agency getting worse at cyber-defense.	1
The $5 PoisonTap quickly , completely hijacks even a locked computer's internet	The $5 PoisonTap quickly, completely hijacks even a locked computer's internet	1
The $5 PoisonTap quickly , completely hijacks even a locked computer's internet	The $5 PoisonTap quickly, completely hijacks even a locked computer's Internet	1
The $5 PoisonTap quickly , completely hijacks even a locked computer's internet	The $5 PoisonTap quickly and completely hijacks even a locked computer's internet	1
The $5 PoisonTap quickly , completely hijacks even a locked computer's internet	The $5 PoisonTap quickly, completely hijacks even a locked computer's internet.	1
The Queen lays a wreath to honour all those who have died in conflict	The Queen lays a wreath in honour of all those who have died in conflict	1
The Queen lays a wreath to honour all those who have died in conflict	The Queen lays a wreath to honour all those who died in conflict	1
The Queen lays a wreath to honour all those who have died in conflict	The Queen lays a wreath to honor all those who have died in conflict	1
The Queen lays a wreath to honour all those who have died in conflict	The Queen laid a wreath in honour of all those who died in conflict.	1
The Queen lays a wreath to honour all those who have died in conflict	The Queen lay a wreath to honor all those who have died in conflict.	1
The Queen lays a wreath to honour all those who have died in conflict	The Queen lays a wreath to honour all those who have died in conflict.	1
Leon Russell , a hit maker and musicians ' musician , dies at 74	Leon Russell, Hit Maker and Musicians Musician, Dies at 74	1
Leon Russell , a hit maker and musicians ' musician , dies at 74	Leon Russell, hit maker and musicians musician, dies at 74	1
Leon Russell , a hit maker and musicians ' musician , dies at 74	Leon Russell, Hit Maker and Musicians Man, Dies at 74	1
Leon Russell , a hit maker and musicians ' musician , dies at 74	Leon Russell, Hit Maker and Musicians Musicians Man, Dies at 74	1
a night of terror Paris , Nov . a day of silence and mourning	A night of terror Paris, Nov. a day of silence and mourning.	1
Facebook is under fire for spreading fake news . But it's getting away with a bigger lie	Facebook is under fire for spreading fake news. But it's getting away with a bigger lie.	1
Facebook is under fire for spreading fake news . But it's getting away with a bigger lie	Facebook is under fire for spreading fake news. But it's getting away with a larger lie!	1
Facebook is under fire for spreading fake news . But it's getting away with a bigger lie	Facebook is under fire for spreading fake news. But it's getting away with a bigger lie	1
It's Time to Grow Up Hannity Goes Off on ' Coddled , Crybaby Liberals	It's time to grow up Hannity goes off on'Coddled, Crybaby Liberals	1
It's Time to Grow Up Hannity Goes Off on ' Coddled , Crybaby Liberals	It's time to grow up: Hannity Goes Off on 'Coddled, Crybaby Liberals'	1
DHS just published " strategic principles " for IoT security .	DHS just released " strategic principles " for IoT security.	1
DHS just published " strategic principles " for IoT security .	DHS has just issued " strategic principles " for IoT security	1
Nobody would fight harder for free speech than me " Donald Trump , 5 May 2015	NOBODY would fight harder for free speech than I " Donald Trump, 5 May 2015	1
Nobody would fight harder for free speech than me " Donald Trump , 5 May 2015	No one would fight harder for free speech than I. Donald Trump, May 5th 2015	1
At least 29 arrested during anti-Trump riots in Portland , Ore	29 people were arrested in Portland, Ore, during anti-Trump riots.	1
At least 29 arrested during anti-Trump riots in Portland , Ore	At least 29 people have been arrested in anti-Trump riots in Portland, Ore.	1
At least 29 arrested during anti-Trump riots in Portland , Ore	At least 29 people were arrested during anti-Trump riots in Portland, Ore.	1
At least 29 arrested during anti-Trump riots in Portland , Ore	At least 29 people have been arrested during anti-Trump riots in Portland, Ore.	1
Twitter has unveiled several new measures to curb online abuse and hate speech	Twitter announces new measures to curb online abuse and hate speech	1
Twitter has unveiled several new measures to curb online abuse and hate speech	Twitter Announces New Measures To Combat Online Abuse and Hate Speech	1
Twitter has unveiled several new measures to curb online abuse and hate speech	Twitter unveils several new measures to curb online abuse and hate speech.	1
Twitter has unveiled several new measures to curb online abuse and hate speech	Twitter introduces new measures to curb online abuse and hate speech	1
Twitter has unveiled several new measures to curb online abuse and hate speech	Twitter just announced several new measures to curb online abuse and hate speech	1
Vice President-elect Mike Pence will lead the presidential transition , sources say	Vice President-elect Mike Pence will lead the presidential transition, sources say	1
Vice President-elect Mike Pence will lead the presidential transition , sources say	Vice President-Elect Pence will lead the presidential transition, sources say	1
Vice President-elect Mike Pence will lead the presidential transition , sources say	Vice President-Elect Mike Pence will lead the presidential transition, sources say	1
Vice President-elect Mike Pence will lead the presidential transition , sources say	Vice President-elect Pence will lead the presidential transition, sources say.	1
Vice President-elect Mike Pence will lead the presidential transition , sources say	Vice President-elect Mike Pence will lead presidential transition, sources say.	1
Kids are taking the feds and possibly Trump to court over climate change	Kids are taking the feds, possibly Trump to court over climate change.	1
Kids are taking the feds and possibly Trump to court over climate change	Children Are Taking the Feds and possibly Trump to Court Over Climate Change	1
Make America White Again Hate speech and crimes following Donald Trump's presidential win	Make America White Again Hate speech and crimes following Donald Trumps Presidential win	1
Ethics lawyers are pointing to the Emoluments Clause as a potential problem for Trump	Ethics lawyers point to the "Emoluments Clause" as potential problem for Trump	1
The whole world is watching the Trump transition nine weeks and 3,998 appointments to go !	The world is watching Donald Trumps transition nine weeks and 3,998 appointments to go	1
The whole world is watching the Trump transition nine weeks and 3,998 appointments to go !	The Globe Is Watching the Trump Transition Nine Weeks and 3,998 Appointments to Go!	1
The whole world is watching the Trump transition nine weeks and 3,998 appointments to go !	The Globe is Watching the Trump Transition Nine Weeks and 3,998 Appointments to Go	1
The whole world is watching the Trump transition nine weeks and 3,998 appointments to go !	The world is watching the Trump transition nine weeks and 3,998 appointments to go	1
The whole world is watching the Trump transition nine weeks and 3,998 appointments to go !	The world is watching Trump transition nine weeks and 3,998 appointments to go	1
Florida cops keep peace as Trump protesters run into Marines at pub	Florida cops keep peace as Trump protesters run into the Marines at pub	1
Coca-Cola made a selfie bottle but luckily humans only have 1,000 years left	Coca-Cola Makes a Selfie Bottle, but luckily Humans Only Have 1,000 Years Left	1
Coca-Cola made a selfie bottle but luckily humans only have 1,000 years left	Coca-Cola made a selfie bottle, but luckily humans only have 1,000 years left.	1
Coca-Cola made a selfie bottle but luckily humans only have 1,000 years left	Coca-Cola Made a Selfie Bottle, but luckily Humans Only Have 1,000 Years Left for.	1
Coca-Cola made a selfie bottle but luckily humans only have 1,000 years left	Coca-Cola Makes a Selfie Bottle, but luckily humans Only Have 1,000 Years Left.	1
Coca-Cola made a selfie bottle but luckily humans only have 1,000 years left	Coca-Cola makes a selfie bottle, luckily humans only have 1,000 years left	1
Coca-Cola made a selfie bottle but luckily humans only have 1,000 years left	Coca-Cola Makes a Selfie Bottle, but Luckily Humans Only Have 1,000 Years Left.	1
Coca-Cola made a selfie bottle but luckily humans only have 1,000 years left	Coca-Cola makes a selfie bottle, but luckily humans only have 1,000 years left	1
Coca-Cola made a selfie bottle but luckily humans only have 1,000 years left	Coca-Cola Makes a Selfie Bottle, but luckily humans only have 1,000 Years Left	1
Coca-Cola made a selfie bottle but luckily humans only have 1,000 years left	Coca-Cola Makes a Selfie Bottle, but luckily Humans Only Have 1,000 Years Left.	1
Zuckerberg claims 99% of Facebook posts " authentic , " denies fake news ther .	Zuckerberg claims 99% of Facebook posts " authentic, " denies fake news ther	1
Zuckerberg claims 99% of Facebook posts " authentic , " denies fake news ther .	Zuckerberg claims 99% of Facebook posts " authentic, " denies fake news ther.	1
Zuckerberg claims 99% of Facebook posts " authentic , " denies fake news ther .	Zuckerberg claims 99% of Facebook posts are authentic,'denies fake news ther	1
Zuckerberg claims 99% of Facebook posts " authentic , " denies fake news ther .	Zuckerberg claims 99% of Facebook posts are authentic, denies fake news.	1
Zuckerberg claims 99% of Facebook posts " authentic , " denies fake news ther .	Zuckerberg says 99% of Facebook posts are 'authentic,' he denies fake news ther	1
After more than 3 years of digging into JPMorgan Chases hiring practices in China , a $264 settlement is expected	After more than 3 years digging into JPMorgan Chases hiring practices in China, a $264 settlement is expected....	1
After more than 3 years of digging into JPMorgan Chases hiring practices in China , a $264 settlement is expected	After more than 3 years of digging into JPMorgan Chases hiring practices in China, a $264 settlement is expected.	1
After more than 3 years of digging into JPMorgan Chases hiring practices in China , a $264 settlement is expected	A $264 settlement is expected after more than 3 years of digging into JPMorgan Chases hiring practices in China.	1
Nigel Farage and Donald Trump have a " very productive " meeting at Trump Tower	Nigel Farage and Donald Trump hold a " very productive " meeting in Trump Tower	1
Nigel Farage and Donald Trump have a " very productive " meeting at Trump Tower	Nigel Farage and Donald Trump have a'very productive'meeting at Trump Tower	1
Nigel Farage and Donald Trump have a " very productive " meeting at Trump Tower	Nigel Farage, Donald Trump have a " very productive " meeting at Trump Tower	1
Nigel Farage and Donald Trump have a " very productive " meeting at Trump Tower	Nigel Farage and Donald Trump hold a'very productive'meeting at Trump Tower	1
Nigel Farage and Donald Trump have a " very productive " meeting at Trump Tower	Nigel Farage and Donald Trump hold a " very productive " meeting at Trump Tower	1
Nigel Farage and Donald Trump have a " very productive " meeting at Trump Tower	Nigel Farage, Donald Trump hold a'very productive'meeting at Trump Tower	1
Nigel Farage and Donald Trump have a " very productive " meeting at Trump Tower	Nigel Farage and Donald Trump have a very productive meeting at Trump Tower	1
Guess which president elect has shares in the Dakota Access Pipeline ?	Guess which President elect has Shares in Dakota Access Pipeline	1
Guess which president elect has shares in the Dakota Access Pipeline ?	Guess which presidential candidate has shares in the Dakota Access Pipeline?	1
Guess which president elect has shares in the Dakota Access Pipeline ?	Guess which president elect has shares in the Dakota Access Pipeline?	1
Guess which president elect has shares in the Dakota Access Pipeline ?	Guess which President elect has shares in the Dakota Access Pipeline?	1
Guess which president elect has shares in the Dakota Access Pipeline ?	Guess which president elect has stakes in the Dakota Access Pipeline?	1
Boing Boing's @maureenherman interviews @MMFlint on his " To Do List For a Revolution , " an intervention for liberals .	Boing Boing's Marieenherman interviews @MMFlint on his 'To Do List for a Revolution,' an intervention for liberals.	1
Trump named directors of his " blind trust " to White House transition team	Donald Trump names directors of his " blind trust " to White House transition team	1
Trump named directors of his " blind trust " to White House transition team	Donald Trump appointed directors of his " blind trust " to the White House transition team	1
Trump named directors of his " blind trust " to White House transition team	Trump names directors of his " blind trust " to White House transition team	1
Trump named directors of his " blind trust " to White House transition team	Trump named directors of his'blind trust'to White House Transition Team	1
Trump can't unilaterally erase Obamas climate rules . But he can refuse to carry out the Paris plan in the U.S.	Trump can't unilaterally erase Obama's Climate Change Rules. But he can refuse to carry out Paris Plan in the U.S.	1
Trump can't unilaterally erase Obamas climate rules . But he can refuse to carry out the Paris plan in the U.S.	Trump can't unilaterally erase Obamas climate rules. But he can refuse to carry out Paris plan in the US.	1
Trump can't unilaterally erase Obamas climate rules . But he can refuse to carry out the Paris plan in the U.S.	Trump can't unilaterally erase Obama's climate policies. But he can refuse to carry out the Paris plan in the US	1
Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spell disaster for civil rights in America	Attorney General Jeff Sessions Would Spell a Storm for Civil Rights in America	1
Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spell disaster for civil rights in America	Attorney General Jeff Sessions would cast a spell of disaster for civil rights in America.	1
Ryan nominated for 2nd term as speaker , as Pelosi rule faces potential challenge	Nominee Ryan for 2nd term as Speaker, as Pelosi Rule Faces Potential Challenge	1
Ryan nominated for 2nd term as speaker , as Pelosi rule faces potential challenge	Paul Ryan is nominated for 2nd term as speaker, as Pelosi rule faces potential challenge	1
Ryan nominated for 2nd term as speaker , as Pelosi rule faces potential challenge	Ryan Nominated 2nd Term as Pelosi Speaker, as Pelosi Rule Faces Potential Challenge	1
Ryan nominated for 2nd term as speaker , as Pelosi rule faces potential challenge	Ryan nominated for 2nd term as speaker, as Pelosi Rule faces potential challenge	1
Ryan nominated for 2nd term as speaker , as Pelosi rule faces potential challenge	Ryan Nominated for 2nd Term as Pelosi Speaker, as Pelosi Rule Faces Potential Challenge	1
Ryan nominated for 2nd term as speaker , as Pelosi rule faces potential challenge	Ryan nominated for 2nd term as speaker, as Pelosi rule faces potential challenge	1
Ryan nominated for 2nd term as speaker , as Pelosi rule faces potential challenge	Ryan Nominated for 2nd Term as Speaker, as Pelosi Rule Faces Potential Challenge	1
The Democratic establishment is finished . What a joke .	The Democratic establishment is finished What a joke	1
The Democratic establishment is finished . What a joke .	What a joke, though. The Democratic establishment is finished.	1
The Democratic establishment is finished . What a joke .	The Democratic establishment is finished. What a joke.	1
The Democratic establishment is finished . What a joke .	The Democratic Party is finished. What a joke.	1
They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news , " one source told Gizmodo .	They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news," one source tells Gizmodo	1
They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news , " one source told Gizmodo .	They have the tools to shut down fake news, " one source told Gizmodo	1
They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news , " one source told Gizmodo .	They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news, one source told Gizmodo.	1
They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news , " one source told Gizmodo .	They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news, " one source told Gizmodo.	1
They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news , " one source told Gizmodo .	They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news, " a source told Gizmodo.	1
They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news , " one source told Gizmodo .	They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news,'source told Gizmodo	1
They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news , " one source told Gizmodo .	These guys absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news, one source told Gizmodo	1
They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news , " one source told Gizmodo .	One source tells Gizmodo'They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news.	1
They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news , " one source told Gizmodo .	They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news,'source tells Gizmodo	1
They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news , " one source told Gizmodo .	They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news,' a source told Gizmodo.	1
They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news , " one source told Gizmodo .	They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news, " one source told Gizmodo	1
They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news , " one source told Gizmodo .	They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news," one source told Gizmodo.	1
They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news , " one source told Gizmodo .	They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news, one source tells Gizmodo	1
They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news , " one source told Gizmodo .	They absolutely have the tools to shut down fake news,' one source told Gizmodo.	1
Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states , while Democrats will have just six	Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states, while Democrats will have just six	1
Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states , while Democrats will have just six	Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states, while Democrats will have just six states	1
Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states , while Democrats will have just six	Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states, while Democrats have just six states	1
Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states , while Democrats will have just six	Republicans and Democrats Will Have a Governing Trifecta in 24 States, while Democrats Will Have Just 6	1
Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states , while Democrats will have just six	Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states, while Democrats just have six	1
Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states , while Democrats will have just six	Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states, while Democrats will have just six.	1
Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states , while Democrats will have just six	Republicans will have the Governing Trifecta in 24 states, while Democrats will have just six	1
Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states , while Democrats will have just six	Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states, while Democrats will have just 6	1
Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states , while Democrats will have just six	Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states, while Democrats just have 6	1
Republicans will have a governing trifecta in 24 states , while Democrats will have just six	Republicans Will Have a Governing Trifecta in 24 States, while Democrats Will Have Just Six	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump Will Be the Second Foreign-born First Lady in US History.	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump Is Become Just the Second Foreign-born First Lady in US History	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump Will Be Just the Second Foreign-born First Lady in US History.	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump to become just the second foreign-born First Lady in US history	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump, just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump Will Be the Just the Second Foreign-born First Lady in U.S. History	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump Will Be Just the Second Foreign-born First Lady in US History	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump will become only the second foreign-born first lady in US history.	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump Will Just Be the Second Foreign-born First Lady in US History	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump becomes only the second foreign-born first lady in US history.	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump Is Become Just the Second Foreign-born First Lady in U.S. History	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump Will Be the Just The Second Foreign-born First Lady in the U.S.	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump to Be the 2nd Foreign-born First Lady in US History	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born US lady in history	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump Will Be the 2nd Foreign-born First Lady in US History	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump will become only the second foreign-born US lady in the history of the United States	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump Will Be the Second Foreign-born First Lady in U.S. History	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump is about to become just the second foreign-born First Lady in U.S. history.	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump Will Be Just the Second Foreign-born First Lady in U.S. History	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump to become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump Becomes Just the Second Foreign-born First Lady in U.S. History	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history.	1
Melania Trump will become just the second foreign-born first lady in US history	Melania Trump is going to become just the second foreign-born first lady in U.S. history	1
Minnesota officer who fatally shot Philando Castile during a traffic stop charged with second-degree manslaughter .	The Minnesota officer who fatally shot Philando Castile during a traffic stop charged with second-degree manslaughter	1
What Donald Trump taught us about ourselves	What Trump taught us about ourselves	1
What Donald Trump taught us about ourselves	What Donald Trump Teach Us About We ourselves	1
Disabled , that dry term once applied to so many others over my lifetime , now applies to me .	Disabled, that dry term that was once applied to so many others over my lifetime now applies to me.	1
Disabled , that dry term once applied to so many others over my lifetime , now applies to me .	Disabled, that dry term that was once applied to so many others over my lifetime, now applies to me.	1
Disabled , that dry term once applied to so many others over my lifetime , now applies to me .	Disabled, that dry term, which was once applied to so many others over my lifetime, now applies to me.	1
Disabled , that dry term once applied to so many others over my lifetime , now applies to me .	Disabled, that dry term that once applied to so many others over my lifetime now applies to me.	1
Disabled , that dry term once applied to so many others over my lifetime , now applies to me .	Disabled, that dry term that was once applied to so many others during my lifetime now applies to me.	1
Disabled , that dry term once applied to so many others over my lifetime , now applies to me .	Disabled, that dry term that was once applied to so many others over my life, now applies to me.	1
Disabled , that dry term once applied to so many others over my lifetime , now applies to me .	Disabled, that dry term that once applied to so many others during my lifetime, now applies to me.	1
Why We Cant Know Whether Facebook Is to Blame for Trumps Election .	Why We Cant Know Whether Facebook Is to Blame for Trumps Election.	1
Why We Cant Know Whether Facebook Is to Blame for Trumps Election .	Why We Cant Know Whether Facebook Is to Blame for Trumps Election	1
Hillary Clinton cast blame for her election loss on James Comey's decision to revive an email inquiry	Hillary Clinton lays blame for her loss on Comey's decision to revive an email inquiry	1
I'm with @BernieSanders . The next DNC Chair should be @keithellison . Add your name if you agree	I'm with @BernieSanders. The next DNC chair should be @keithellison. Add your name if you agree	1
I'm with @BernieSanders . The next DNC Chair should be @keithellison . Add your name if you agree	I'm with @BernieSanders. The next DNC Chair should be @keithellison. Add your name if you agree	1
I'm with @BernieSanders . The next DNC Chair should be @keithellison . Add your name if you agree	I'm with #BernieSanders. Next DNC Chair should be @keithellison. Add your name if you agree	1
I'm with @BernieSanders . The next DNC Chair should be @keithellison . Add your name if you agree	I'm with @BernieSanders. The next DNC Chair should be @keithellison. If you agree, add your name!	1
I'm with @BernieSanders . The next DNC Chair should be @keithellison . Add your name if you agree	I'm with @BernieSanders. The next DNC Chair should be @keithellison. Please add your name if you agree	1
I'm with @BernieSanders . The next DNC Chair should be @keithellison . Add your name if you agree	I'm with @BernieSanders. The next DNC Chair should be @keithellison. Please add your name if you agree.	1
Donald Trump wants to " drain the swamp , " but change will likely be complex and costly	Donald Trump Wants to Drain the Swamp, but Change Will Be Complex and Costly.	1
Donald Trump wants to " drain the swamp , " but change will likely be complex and costly	Mr. Trump Wants to Drain the Swamp, but Change Will Be Complex and Costly.	1
Donald Trump wants to " drain the swamp , " but change will likely be complex and costly	Donald Trump Wants to Drain the Swamp, but Change Will Be Complex and Costly	1
Donald Trump wants to " drain the swamp , " but change will likely be complex and costly	Donald Trump wants to drain the swamp but the change will be complex and costly.	1
Donald Trump wants to " drain the swamp , " but change will likely be complex and costly	Trump Tries to Drain the Swamp, but Change Will Be Complex and Costly	1
Donald Trump wants to " drain the swamp , " but change will likely be complex and costly	Trump wants to'drain the swamp,'but the change will likely be complex and costly.	1
Donald Trump wants to " drain the swamp , " but change will likely be complex and costly	Trump Wants to Drain the Swamp, but Change Will Be Complex and Costly	1
Donald Trump wants to " drain the swamp , " but change will likely be complex and costly	Trump Wants to Drain the Swamp, But Change Will Be Complex and Costly	1
Donald Trump wants to " drain the swamp , " but change will likely be complex and costly	Trump wants to'drain the swamp,'but change will likely be complex and costly.	1
Donald Trump wants to " drain the swamp , " but change will likely be complex and costly	Trump wants to'drain the swamp,' but change will likely be complex and costly	1
I will always live with the fact that I saw ringing cellphones that said Papa , Maman , on the dead	I will always live with the fact that I saw ringing cellphones that said Papa, Maman, on the dead	1
I will always live with the fact that I saw ringing cellphones that said Papa , Maman , on the dead	I will always live with the fact that I saw ringing cellphones that said: Papa, Maman, on the dead.	1
I will always live with the fact that I saw ringing cellphones that said Papa , Maman , on the dead	I will always live with the fact that I saw ringing cellphones that said Papa, Maman, on the dead.	1
I will always live with the fact that I saw ringing cellphones that said Papa , Maman , on the dead	I will always live with the fact that I saw ringing cellphones that said: " Papa, Maman, on the dead	1
I will always live with the fact that I saw ringing cellphones that said Papa , Maman , on the dead	I will always live with the fact that I saw ringing cellphones that said Maman, Papa, and on the dead	1
Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron , " asking how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a " sanctuary .	Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron, " asking how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a " sanctuary.	1
Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron , " asking how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a " sanctuary .	Gutfeld called Emanuel a'moron'by asking how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a'sanctuary '.	1
Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron , " asking how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a " sanctuary .	Gutfeld called Emanuel a'moron'and asked how he could label a city with 600 murders a year a'sanctuary '.	1
Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron , " asking how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a " sanctuary .	Gutfeld called Emanuel a'moron'asking how he could label a city with 600 murders a year a'sanctuary '.	1
Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron , " asking how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a " sanctuary .	Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron ', asking how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a " sanctuary.	1
Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron , " asking how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a " sanctuary .	Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron, " asking how he could label a city with 600 murders a year a " sanctuary.	1
Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron , " asking how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a " sanctuary .	Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron, " asking how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a'sanctuary '.	1
Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron , " asking how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a " sanctuary .	Gutfeld called Emanuel a'moron,' asking how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a " sanctuary.	1
Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron , " asking how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a " sanctuary .	Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron'and asked how he could label a city with 600 murders a year a " sanctuary.	1
Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron , " asking how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a " sanctuary .	Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron, " asking how he could label a city with 600 murders a year a'sanctuary '.	1
Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron , " asking how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a " sanctuary .	Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron " and asked how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a " sanctuary.	1
Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron , " asking how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a " sanctuary .	Gutfeld called Emanuel a'moron,'asking how he could label a city with 600 murders a year a'sanctuary '.	1
Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron , " asking how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a " sanctuary .	Gutfeld called Emanuel a " moron " asking how he could label a city that has 600 murders a year a " sanctuary.	1
Amazon sells out of NES Classic Editions in seconds	Amazon sells out of NES Classic Editions in just a few seconds	1
Amazon sells out of NES Classic Editions in seconds	Sells Out of NES Classic Editions in Seconds via Amazon	1
Amazon sells out of NES Classic Editions in seconds	Amazon sells out of NES classic editions in only seconds.	1
Amazon sells out of NES Classic Editions in seconds	Amazon sells out of the NES Classic Edition in seconds	1
Amazon sells out of NES Classic Editions in seconds	amazon sells out of the NES Classic Edition in seconds	1
Amazon sells out of NES Classic Editions in seconds	Amazon sells out of NES Classic Editions in seconds.	1
Amazon sells out of NES Classic Editions in seconds	Amazon sells out of NES Classic Editions in seconds!	1
Amazon sells out of NES Classic Editions in seconds	Amazon sells out of NES Classic Edition in a matter of minutes	1
it's even more depressing to have known it for ages and been TRYING to TELL you	It is even more depressing to have known it for ages and been TRYING to tell you	1
it's even more depressing to have known it for ages and been TRYING to TELL you	Its even more depressing to have known it for ages and been trying to tell you	1
it's even more depressing to have known it for ages and been TRYING to TELL you	It's even more depressing to have known it for ages and have been trying to tell you	1
it's even more depressing to have known it for ages and been TRYING to TELL you	It is even more depressing to have known it for ages and been trying to tell you.	1
it's even more depressing to have known it for ages and been TRYING to TELL you	it’s even more depressing to have known it for ages and been trying to tell you	1
it's even more depressing to have known it for ages and been TRYING to TELL you	Its even more depressing to have known it for ages and been trying to tell you.	1
it's even more depressing to have known it for ages and been TRYING to TELL you	Its even more depressing to have known it for ages and been TRYING to tell you	1
it's even more depressing to have known it for ages and been TRYING to TELL you	Its even more depressing to have known it for ages and been TRYING to tell you.	1
it's even more depressing to have known it for ages and been TRYING to TELL you	It's even more depressing to have known it for years and been TRYING to tell you	1
it's even more depressing to have known it for ages and been TRYING to TELL you	...it's even more depressing to have known it for ages and been trying to tell you.	1
it's even more depressing to have known it for ages and been TRYING to TELL you	it's even more depressing to have known it for ages and been trying to tell you.	1
it's even more depressing to have known it for ages and been TRYING to TELL you	it is even more depressing to have known it for ages and been trying to tell you	1
A bump for Colorado or Florida ? A fall for WVU & amp ; Utah ? drops at 2 p.m. ET .	A Bounce for Colorado or Florida? A Fall for WVU & amp ; Utah? Drops at 2 p.m. ET	1
A bump for Colorado or Florida ? A fall for WVU & amp ; Utah ? drops at 2 p.m. ET .	A bump for Colorado or Florida? A fall for WVU & amp ; Utah? Drops at 2 p.m. ET	1
The anti-Trump protests of the past week are only the opening act of what organizers expect will be years of discord	Anti-Trump Protests This Week Are merely the Opening Act of What Organisers Expect Will Be Years of Discord	1
The anti-Trump protests of the past week are only the opening act of what organizers expect will be years of discord	Anti-Trump Protests of the Past Week Are Only the Opening Act of What Organisers Expect Will Be Years of Discord	1
The anti-Trump protests of the past week are only the opening act of what organizers expect will be years of discord	Anti-Trump Protests of the Past Week Only the Opening Act of What Organisers Expect to Be Years of Discord	1
The anti-Trump protests of the past week are only the opening act of what organizers expect will be years of discord	anti-Trump protests of the past week are only the opening act of what organizers expect will be years of discord	1
The anti-Trump protests of the past week are only the opening act of what organizers expect will be years of discord	Anti-Trump Protests of the Past Week, Only Opening Act to What Organisers Expect Will Be Years of Discord	1
The anti-Trump protests of the past week are only the opening act of what organizers expect will be years of discord	Anti-Trump Protests of the Past Week Only the Opening Act of What Organisers Expect Will Be Years of Discord	1
The anti-Trump protests of the past week are only the opening act of what organizers expect will be years of discord	The anti-Trump protests of the past week are only the opening act of what organizers expect will be years of discord.	1
The anti-Trump protests of the past week are only the opening act of what organizers expect will be years of discord	Anti-Trump Protests of the Past Week Are Only the Opening Act of What Organisers Expect to Be Years of Discord	1
The anti-Trump protests of the past week are only the opening act of what organizers expect will be years of discord	Anti-Trump Protests of the Past Week Only The Opening Act of What Organisers Expect to Be Years of Discord	1
The anti-Trump protests of the past week are only the opening act of what organizers expect will be years of discord	The Anti-Trump Protests of the Past Week Are Only the Opening Act of What Organisers Expect to Be Years of Discord	1
A steady trickle " of Trump conflict-of-interest stories " could be a drag on his presidency .	A steady trickle of Trump conflict of interest could be a drag on his presidency.	1
A steady trickle " of Trump conflict-of-interest stories " could be a drag on his presidency .	A steady trickle of " Trump conflict-of-interest stories " could put a drag on his presidency.	1
A steady trickle " of Trump conflict-of-interest stories " could be a drag on his presidency .	A steady trickle of Trump conflict of interest stories could be a drag on his presidency.	1
A steady trickle " of Trump conflict-of-interest stories " could be a drag on his presidency .	A steady trickle of Trump conflict-of-interest stories " could be a drag on his presidency	1
Man is swallowed alive by roiling pool of hot acid at Yellowstone	Man Is Sucked Alive by Roiling Pool of Hot Acid at Yellowstone	1
Man is swallowed alive by roiling pool of hot acid at Yellowstone	Man swallowed alive by roiling pool of hot acid at Yellowstone	1
The only book you'll need to make sense of the 2016 race .	The only book you'll need to make sense of the 2016 race.	1
The only book you'll need to make sense of the 2016 race .	The only book you'll need to make sense of the 2016 race	1
Hundreds support Christian florist fined for refusing to work gay wedding	100s Support Christian Florist Fined for Refusing to Work Gay Wedding	1
After blasting Hillary Clinton , Mike Pence is in a records battle of his own	After blasting Hillary Clinton, Mike Pence is in a records battle of his own	1
Who likes Donald Trump's new pick for top White House strategist ? Nazis and the KKK .	Who Likes Trumps New Pick for White House Strategist? Nazis and the KKK.	1
Who likes Donald Trump's new pick for top White House strategist ? Nazis and the KKK .	Who Likes Donald Trump's New Pick for Top White House Strategist? Nazis and the KKK.	1
Who likes Donald Trump's new pick for top White House strategist ? Nazis and the KKK .	Who Likes Donald Trump's New Pick for Top White House Strategist? Nazis and the KKK	1
Who likes Donald Trump's new pick for top White House strategist ? Nazis and the KKK .	Who likes Donald Trumps pick for top White House strategist? Nazis and the KKK.	1
Who likes Donald Trump's new pick for top White House strategist ? Nazis and the KKK .	Who Likes Trump's New Pick for Top White House Strategist? Nazis and KKK	1
Donald Trump , after fits and starts , focuses on foreign policy	Donald Trump, After Fits and Starts, focuses on Foreign Policy	1
Donald Trump , after fits and starts , focuses on foreign policy	Donald Trump, After Fits and Starts, Focuses on Foreign Policy	1
Bernie Sanders to We will not accept a president " trying to divide us up	Bernie Sanders says We will not accept a president 'trying to divide us up	1
Bernie Sanders to We will not accept a president " trying to divide us up	Bernie Sanders to We will not accept a president trying to divide us	1
Bernie Sanders to We will not accept a president " trying to divide us up	Bernie Sanders : We will not accept a president "trying to divide us up	1
Bernie Sanders to We will not accept a president " trying to divide us up	Bernie Sanders to We Will Not Accept a President "Try to Divide Us Up	1
We can never serve our veterans in quite the way that they served us , but we can try .	We can never serve our veterans in the same way they did us, but we can try.	1
We can never serve our veterans in quite the way that they served us , but we can try .	We can never serve our veterans in the way they served us, but we can try.	1
We can never serve our veterans in quite the way that they served us , but we can try .	We can never serve our veterans in the exact way they have served us, but we can try.	1
We can never serve our veterans in quite the way that they served us , but we can try .	We can never serve our veterans in quite the way they served us, but we can try.	1
We can never serve our veterans in quite the way that they served us , but we can try .	We can never serve our veterans in the same way that they served us, but we can try.	1
We can never serve our veterans in quite the way that they served us , but we can try .	We can never serve our veterans in exactly the way they served us, but we can try.	1
We can never serve our veterans in quite the way that they served us , but we can try .	We can never serve our veterans in the way they did, but we can try.	1
We can never serve our veterans in quite the way that they served us , but we can try .	We can never serve our veterans in quite the way they did us, but we can try.	1
We can never serve our veterans in quite the way that they served us , but we can try .	We can never serve our veterans in quite the way that they served us, but we can try.	1
We can never serve our veterans in quite the way that they served us , but we can try .	We can never serve our veterans in the same way they served us, but we can try.	1
We can never serve our veterans in quite the way that they served us , but we can try .	We can never serve our veterans in the exact way they served us, but we can try.	1
We can never serve our veterans in quite the way that they served us , but we can try .	We can never serve our veterans in the exact way that they served us, but we can try.	1
We can never serve our veterans in quite the way that they served us , but we can try .	We can never serve our veterans in the way that they served us, but we can try.	1
We can never serve our veterans in quite the way that they served us , but we can try .	We can never serve our veterans in the way they did us, but we can try.	1
We can never serve our veterans in quite the way that they served us , but we can try .	We can never serve our veterans in the same way they did, but we can try.	1
We can never serve our veterans in quite the way that they served us , but we can try .	We can never serve our veterans in the same way that they did us, but we can try.	1
Hillary Clinton's popular vote lead over Donald Trump now exceeds 1.5 million votes	Clinton's Popular Vote Lead Over Trump Now Exceeds 1.5 Million Votes	1
Hillary Clinton's popular vote lead over Donald Trump now exceeds 1.5 million votes	Hillary Clintons Popular Vote Lead Over Donald Trump Now Exceeds 1.5 Million Votes	1
Hillary Clinton's popular vote lead over Donald Trump now exceeds 1.5 million votes	Hillary Clinton's lead in the popular vote over Donald Trump now exceeds 1.5 million votes	1
With his Stephen Bannon pick , Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House	With Stephen Bannon Pick Trump Is Installing White Nationalism in the White House	1
With his Stephen Bannon pick , Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House	With his Stephen Bannon pick, Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House.	1
With his Stephen Bannon pick , Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House	With His Pick of Stephen Bannon, Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House.	1
With his Stephen Bannon pick , Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House	With his pick of Stephen Bannon, Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House	1
With his Stephen Bannon pick , Trump is installing white nationalism in the White House	With his Stephen Bannon pick, Trump is introducing white nationalism in the White House	1
Harry Reid references a CNN article from yesterday about Steve Bannon . Here is that story	Harry Reid references a CNN article about Steve Bannon yesterday. Here is that story	1
Harry Reid references a CNN article from yesterday about Steve Bannon . Here is that story	Harry Reid references a CNN article from yesterday about Steve Bannon. Here's that story	1
Harry Reid references a CNN article from yesterday about Steve Bannon . Here is that story	Harry Reid references CNN article yesterday on Steve Bannon. Here is that story	1
Cuckoos have a reputation as freeloaders , but these will inspire you .	Cuckoos have a reputation as freeloaders, but these will inspire you.	1
Cuckoos have a reputation as freeloaders , but these will inspire you .	Cuckoos have a reputation as freeloaders, but these are inspiring for you.	1
Cuckoos have a reputation as freeloaders , but these will inspire you .	Cuckoos have a reputation as Freeloaders, but these will inspire you.	1
Now the CIA becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch brothers .	Now the CIA becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch Brothers.	1
Now the CIA becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch brothers .	The CIA becomes now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch brothers.	1
Now the CIA becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch brothers .	Now CIA becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch brothers.	1
Now the CIA becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch brothers .	The CIA is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch brothers.	1
Now the CIA becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch brothers .	The CIA now becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch brothers.	1
Now the CIA becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch brothers .	Now the CIA becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch brothers.	1
Now the CIA becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch brothers .	The CIA becomes now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch Brothers.	1
Now the CIA becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch brothers .	Now, the CIA becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch brothers.	1
Now the CIA becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch brothers .	The CIA becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch brothers now.	1
Now the CIA becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch brothers .	Now CIA becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch Brothers.	1
Now the CIA becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch brothers .	The CIA becomes a wholly owned subsidiary of the Koch brothers.	1
Budget US Android smartphones found secretly sending personal data to China	Budget US Android phones found secretly sending personal data to China	1
Budget US Android smartphones found secretly sending personal data to China	Budget US Android smartphones found secretly sending personal data to China.	1
Budget US Android smartphones found secretly sending personal data to China	Budget US Android smartphones discovered secretly sending personal data to China	1
Budget US Android smartphones found secretly sending personal data to China	A Budget US Android Smartphones Found Secretly Sending Personal Data to China	1
Sessions well-documented praise of Rosa Parks belies ' racist ' claims	Sessions well-documented praise of Rosa Parks belies'racist'claims	1
Sessions well-documented praise of Rosa Parks belies ' racist ' claims	Sessions well-documented praise of Rosa Parks belies'racist'claims!	1
Sessions well-documented praise of Rosa Parks belies ' racist ' claims	Sessions well-documented praise of Rosa Parks belies racist'claims	1
A depressingly long list of hateful attacks shared online since Trump's election	A Depressingly Long List of Hateful Attacks Shared Online Since Trumps Election.	1
Warren Buffett on President-elect Trump He deserves everybody's respect	Warren Buffett on President-elect Trump: 'We deserve everybody's respect	1
We must resist privatisation of healthcare Barack Obama says on Veterans ' Day	We must resist the privatisation of healthcare Barack Obama says on Veterans'Day	1
We must resist privatisation of healthcare Barack Obama says on Veterans ' Day	We must resist privatisation of healthcare Obama says on Veterans Day	1
We must resist privatisation of healthcare Barack Obama says on Veterans ' Day	We must resist privatisation of healthcare Barack Obama says on Veterans'Day	1
We must resist privatisation of healthcare Barack Obama says on Veterans ' Day	We must resist privatisation of healthcare Obama says on Veteran'Day.	1
A senior ISIS commander has been killed in the battle for Mosul , Iraqi military sources say	A senior ISIS commander has been killed in the battle for Mosul, Iraqi military sources say.	1
A senior ISIS commander has been killed in the battle for Mosul , Iraqi military sources say	A senior ISIS commander was killed in the battle for Mosul, Iraqi military sources say.	1
Donald Trump could try to overhaul the Fed . Or he could emulate Ronald Reagan and leave the central bank alone .	Trump could try to overhaul the Fed. Or he could emulate Ronald Reagan and leave the central bank alone.	1
Donald Trump could try to overhaul the Fed . Or he could emulate Ronald Reagan and leave the central bank alone .	Trump could try and overhaul the Fed. Or he could emulate Ronald Reagan and leave the Central Bank alone.	1
Donald Trump could try to overhaul the Fed . Or he could emulate Ronald Reagan and leave the central bank alone .	Donald Trump Could Try to Reform the Fed, or He Could Imitate Ronald Reagan and Leave the Central Bank alone.	1
Donald Trump could try to overhaul the Fed . Or he could emulate Ronald Reagan and leave the central bank alone .	Maybe Trump could try to overhaul the Fed, or he could emulate Ronald Reagan and leave the central bank alone.	1
Donald Trump could try to overhaul the Fed . Or he could emulate Ronald Reagan and leave the central bank alone .	Trump could try to overhaul the Federal Reserve. Or he could emulate Ronald Reagan and leave the central bank alone.	1
Donald Trump could try to overhaul the Fed . Or he could emulate Ronald Reagan and leave the central bank alone .	Trump could try to overhaul the Fed or he could enact Reagan's plan and leave the central bank alone.	1
Copy Edit Tihs ! Can you correct these grammatical errors in recent New York Times articles ?	Copy Edit Tihs! Can you correct these grammatical errors in recent New York Times articles?	1
Copy Edit Tihs ! Can you correct these grammatical errors in recent New York Times articles ?	Copy Edit Tihs. Can you correct these grammatical errors in recent NY Times articles?	1
Magnitude 7.4 earthquake hits Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island	New Zealand earthquake of magnitude 7.4 strikes Canterbury region of South Island, New Zealand	1
Magnitude 7.4 earthquake hits Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island	A magnitude 7.4 earthquake hits Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island.	1
Magnitude 7.4 earthquake hits Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island	A magnitude 7.4 earthquake strikes the Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island.	1
Magnitude 7.4 earthquake hits Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island	A magnitude 7.4 earthquake strikes the Canterbury region of the South Island of New Zealand	1
Magnitude 7.4 earthquake hits Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island	New Zealand earthquake strikes Canterbury region of the South Island at magnitude 7.4	1
Magnitude 7.4 earthquake hits Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island	A magnitude 7.4 earthquake hits the Canterbury region of South Island New Zealand.	1
Magnitude 7.4 earthquake hits Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island	A magnitude 7.4 earthquake hit Canterbury in the South Island of New Zealand.	1
Magnitude 7.4 earthquake hits Canterbury region of New Zealand's South Island	A magnitude 7.4 earthquake hit New Zealand's South Island region of Canterbury	1
Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like Salesforce	Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like - Salesforce	1
Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like Salesforce	Why the next great SaaS company will look nothing like Salesforce.	1
Here are the tech policies Trump promised to implement aspresident	Here are the tech policies Trump promised to implement aspresident.	1
These are the counties that flipped from voting for Obama in 2012 to Trump in 2016	These are the counties that flipped from voting for Obama in 2012 to Trump in 2016.	1
Dow opens flat after 2-day rally . Tech-heavy Nasdaq goes further into the red , dropping 0.3% .	Dow Opens Flat After 2-Day Rally. Tech-Heavy Nasdaq Slips Further into the Red, Dropping 0.3%.	1
Dow opens flat after 2-day rally . Tech-heavy Nasdaq goes further into the red , dropping 0.3% .	Dow opens flat after 2 day rally, tech-heavy Nasdaq goes further into the red, dropping 0.3%.	1
Dow opens flat after 2-day rally . Tech-heavy Nasdaq goes further into the red , dropping 0.3% .	Dow opens flat after 2-day rally. Tech-heavy Nasdaq goes further into the red, losing 0.3%.	1
Dow opens flat after 2-day rally . Tech-heavy Nasdaq goes further into the red , dropping 0.3% .	Dow opens flat after 2-day rally. Tech-heavy Nasdaq goes further into the red, dropping 0.3%.	1
Dow opens flat after 2-day rally . Tech-heavy Nasdaq goes further into the red , dropping 0.3% .	Dow opens flat after 2-day rally. Tech-heavy Nasdaq moves further into the red, dropping 0.3%.	1
Dow opens flat after 2-day rally . Tech-heavy Nasdaq goes further into the red , dropping 0.3% .	Dow opens flat after 2-day rally. Tech-heavy Nasdaq moves further into the red, down 0.3%.	1
Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talked about their anxiety over Donald Trump's election	Colbert and Oliver talk about their fears over Donald Trump's election	1
Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talked about their anxiety over Donald Trump's election	Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talk about their anxiety over Trump's election	1
Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talked about their anxiety over Donald Trump's election	Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talk about their anxieties over the election of Donald Trump	1
Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talked about their anxiety over Donald Trump's election	Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talk about their anxieties over Trump's election	1
Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talked about their anxiety over Donald Trump's election	John Oliver and Stephen Colbert talk about their anxieties over Donald Trump's election	1
Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talked about their anxiety over Donald Trump's election	Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talk about their fear over Donald Trump's election	1
Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talked about their anxiety over Donald Trump's election	Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talk about their anxiety over Trump's election.	1
Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talked about their anxiety over Donald Trump's election	Stephen Colbert and John Oliver speak about their anxieties over Donald Trump's election	1
Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talked about their anxiety over Donald Trump's election	Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talk about their anxiety over Donald Trump's election	1
Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talked about their anxiety over Donald Trump's election	Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talk about their fear of Donald Trump's election	1
Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talked about their anxiety over Donald Trump's election	Stephen Colbert, John Oliver talk about their anxieties over Donald Trump's election	1
Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talked about their anxiety over Donald Trump's election	Stephen Colbert and John Oliver talk about their anxiety over the Trump election	1
Apple is releasing a coffee table book about how awesome it is	Apple is publishing a coffee table book about how awesome it is	1
Apple is releasing a coffee table book about how awesome it is	Apple are releasing a coffee table book about how awesome its	1
Jeff Sessions , a potential cabinet pick , is trailed by accusations of making racial comments	Jeff Sessions, Potential Cabinet Pick, Is Trailed by Accuses of Making Racist Comments.	1
Jeff Sessions , a potential cabinet pick , is trailed by accusations of making racial comments	Jeff Sessions, Potential Cabinet Pick, Is Trailed by Accuses of Making Racist Comments	1
Syrian Rebels Brace for a Trump Cutoff , and Look for a Silver Lining	Syrian Rebels Prepare for a Trump Cutoff, and Look for a Silver Lining	1
Syrian Rebels Brace for a Trump Cutoff , and Look for a Silver Lining	Syrian Rebels Face Trump Cutoff, and Look for Silver Lining	1
It's like taking the last 200 years of the Roman empire and condensing it into one day .	Its like taking the last 200 years of the Roman Empire and condensing them into one day.	1
It's like taking the last 200 years of the Roman empire and condensing it into one day .	It's like taking the last 200 years of the Roman empire and condensing it into one day.	1
It's like taking the last 200 years of the Roman empire and condensing it into one day .	It is like taking the last 200 years of the Roman Empire and condensing them into one day.	1
It's like taking the last 200 years of the Roman empire and condensing it into one day .	It's like taking the last 200 years of the Roman Empire and condensing them into one day.	1
It's like taking the last 200 years of the Roman empire and condensing it into one day .	Its like taking the last 200 years of the Roman empire and condensing them into one day.	1
It's like taking the last 200 years of the Roman empire and condensing it into one day .	It's like taking the last 200 years of the Roman empire and condensing them into one day.	1
It's like taking the last 200 years of the Roman empire and condensing it into one day .	Its like taking the last 200 years of the Roman empire and condensing it into one day.	1
It's like taking the last 200 years of the Roman empire and condensing it into one day .	It's like taking the last 200 years of the Roman Empire and condensing it into one day.	1
It's like taking the last 200 years of the Roman empire and condensing it into one day .	It is like taking the last 200 years of the Roman empire and condensing them into one day.	1
Spoiler Alert raises $2.5 million to stop food waste , abate hunger	Spoiler Alert raises $2.5M to stop food waste, abate hunger	1
Spoiler Alert raises $2.5 million to stop food waste , abate hunger	Spoiler Alert raises $2.5M to cut food waste, abate hunger	1
Spoiler Alert raises $2.5 million to stop food waste , abate hunger	Spoiler Alert raises $2.5 million to curb food waste, curb hunger.	1
Spoiler Alert raises $2.5 million to stop food waste , abate hunger	Spoiler Alert raises $2.5 million to stop food waste, abate hunger	1
Russian officials say they had contact with the Trump and Clinton campaigns	Russia officials say they had contact with Trump and Clinton campaigns	1
Laura Ingraham is being considered for the White House press secretary post	Laura Ingraham being considered for White House Press Secretary post	1
Laura Ingraham is being considered for the White House press secretary post	Laura Ingraham being considered for White House press secretary role	1
Laura Ingraham is being considered for the White House press secretary post	Laura Ingraham is being considered for White House Press Secretary post	1
Donald Trump reached a $25 million settlement over accusations that Trump University cheated students	Donald Trump Reached $25 Million Settlement Over Claims That Trump University Cheated Students.	1
Zwift , a multiplayer game that's making indoor athletics more social , just raised $27 million	Zwift, a multiplayer game that's making indoor athletics more social, just raised $27m	1
Zwift , a multiplayer game that's making indoor athletics more social , just raised $27 million	Zwift, a multiplayer game that's making indoor athletics more social, just raised $27 million	1
Ford chairman tells Trump Lincoln SUV production to remain at Kentucky plant	Chairman tells Trump Lincoln SUV production to remain in Ford plant in Kentucky	1
Ford chairman tells Trump Lincoln SUV production to remain at Kentucky plant	Ford Chairman Tells Trump Lincoln SUV Production to Stay at Kentucky Plant	1
Ford chairman tells Trump Lincoln SUV production to remain at Kentucky plant	Ford chairman tells Trump Lincoln SUV production to remain at Kentucky plant.	1
Ford chairman tells Trump Lincoln SUV production to remain at Kentucky plant	Ford chairman told Trump Lincoln SUV production to remain in Kentucky plant	1
Ford chairman tells Trump Lincoln SUV production to remain at Kentucky plant	Ford chairman tells Trump Lincoln SUV production to remain at the Kentucky plant.	1
Ford chairman tells Trump Lincoln SUV production to remain at Kentucky plant	Ford Chairman Tells Trump Lincoln SUV Production to Stay at Kentucky Plant.	1
Ford chairman tells Trump Lincoln SUV production to remain at Kentucky plant	Ford chairman tells Trump Lincoln SUV production to remain at the plant in Kentucky	1
Ford chairman tells Trump Lincoln SUV production to remain at Kentucky plant	Ford chairman tells Trump Lincoln SUV production to remain in Kentucky.	1
Is it a big deal if Donald Trump goes to dinner and the press doesnt know ?	Is It a Big Deal if Trump Goes to Dinner and the Press Doesnt Know?	1
Is it a big deal if Donald Trump goes to dinner and the press doesnt know ?	Is It a Big Deal If Trump Goes to Dinner And the Press Doesnt Know?	1
Is it a big deal if Donald Trump goes to dinner and the press doesnt know ?	Is it a big deal if Trump goes to dinner and the press doesnt know?	1
Is it a big deal if Donald Trump goes to dinner and the press doesnt know ?	Is it a Big Deal if Donald Trump Goes to Dinner, and the Press Doesnt Know?	1
How did Donald Trump win over so many Obama voters ?	How did Trump win over so many Obama voters?...	1
How did Donald Trump win over so many Obama voters ?	How did Trump win over so many Obama voters?	1
How did Donald Trump win over so many Obama voters ?	How did Donald Trump win over so many Obama voters?	1
The U.S. is split between Democrats and Republicans , but Republicans now control almost all levels of government	The U.S. is divided between Democrats and Republicans, but Republicans now control almost all levels of government.	1
The U.S. is split between Democrats and Republicans , but Republicans now control almost all levels of government	U.S. Is Divided Between Democrats and Republicans, but Republicans Now Control Most Levels of Government	1
The U.S. is split between Democrats and Republicans , but Republicans now control almost all levels of government	The U.S. is split between Democrats and Republicans, but the GOP now dominates almost all levels of government.	1
The U.S. is split between Democrats and Republicans , but Republicans now control almost all levels of government	The U.S. is divided between Democrats and Republicans, but Republicans control almost all levels of government	1
The U.S. is split between Democrats and Republicans , but Republicans now control almost all levels of government	The U.S. is split between Democrats and Republicans, but the Republicans now control nearly all levels of government	1
The U.S. is split between Democrats and Republicans , but Republicans now control almost all levels of government	The United States is split between Republicans and Democrats, but Republicans now dominate nearly all levels of government.	1
The U.S. is split between Democrats and Republicans , but Republicans now control almost all levels of government	The U.S. is split between Democrats and Republicans, but Republicans now control almost all levels of government	1
The U.S. is split between Democrats and Republicans , but Republicans now control almost all levels of government	The United States is divided between Democrats and Republicans, but Republicans control almost all levels of government.	1
The U.S. is split between Democrats and Republicans , but Republicans now control almost all levels of government	The US is split between Democrats and Republicans, but Republicans now control almost all levels of government.	1
The U.S. is split between Democrats and Republicans , but Republicans now control almost all levels of government	The US is divided between Democrats and Republicans, but Republicans now control almost all levels of government	1
The U.S. is split between Democrats and Republicans , but Republicans now control almost all levels of government	The U.S. is split between Republicans and Democrats, but Republicans now control almost all levels of government.	1
Father of officer gunned down in Dallas sniper attack sues Black Lives Matter	The father of the Dallas police officer killed in a sniper attack sues Black Lives Matter	1
President-elect Donald Trump offers Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions the Attorney General post , source says	President-elect Trump offers Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions the Attorney General post, source says	1
President-elect Donald Trump offers Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions the Attorney General post , source says	President-elect Donald Trump offers Alabama Sen. Jeff Sessions the Attorney General post, source says	1
Black freshmen at UPenn were added to a " Daily Lynching " hate group .	Black Freshmen at UPenn were added to a " Daily Lynching " hate group.	1
American Muslims follow the U.S. Constitution . We call upon this incoming administration to also follow it .	American Muslims Follow the U.S. Constitution We Call on This Incoming Administration to Also Follow It	1
President Obama delivers his final #VeteransDay address . Watch on @CNNGo	President Obama gives his final #VeteransDay address. Watch the rest on CNNGo	1
Sen. Jeff Sessions I think Mr. Romney would be quite capable of doing a number of things	Sen. Jeff Sessions I think Mr. Romney would be quite capable of doing a number of things.	1
Australia says it will transfer hundreds of refugees to the US in a ' one-off ' deal .	Australia will transport hundreds of refugees to the US in a'one-off'deal	1
Australia says it will transfer hundreds of refugees to the US in a ' one-off ' deal .	Australia says it will transfer hundreds of refugees to the US in a'one-off'deal.	1
Australia says it will transfer hundreds of refugees to the US in a ' one-off ' deal .	Australia will transfer hundreds of refugees to the US, in a'one-off'deal	1
because they hated me , and maybe you , too .	Because they hated me, and maybe you too.	1
because they hated me , and maybe you , too .	Because they hated me, maybe you too.	1
because they hated me , and maybe you , too .	because they hated me, and maybe you.	1
because they hated me , and maybe you , too .	They hated me, and maybe you, too.	1
because they hated me , and maybe you , too .	because they hated me, and maybe you too.	1
because they hated me , and maybe you , too .	because they hated me and maybe you too.	1
because they hated me , and maybe you , too .	Because they hated me and maybe you too.	1
Hillary Clintons popular vote lead increases to almost 1.7 million .	Hillary Clintons lead in the popular vote is now nearly 1.7 million votes	1
2016 is set to be hottest year on record , World Meteorological Organization says	2016 is expected to be hottest year on record, according to the World Meteorological Organization	1
2016 is set to be hottest year on record , World Meteorological Organization says	2016 is expected to be the hottest year on record, says the World Meteorological Organization	1
American democracy is bigger than any one person President Obama said in Greece	America's Democracy Is Bigger Than Any One Person President Obama Said in Greece	1
American democracy is bigger than any one person President Obama said in Greece	American Democracy Is Bigger Than Any One Person, Obama Says in Greece	1
American democracy is bigger than any one person President Obama said in Greece	American democracy is bigger than any one person, President Obama said in Greece	1
College disinvites , reinvites murdered cop's daughter to event after ' diversity ' worry	College Disinvites, Reinvites Murder Cop's Daughter to Event After'Diversity'Worry	1
College disinvites , reinvites murdered cop's daughter to event after ' diversity ' worry	College disinvites, reinvites murdered cop's daughter to event after'diversity'worry.	1
College disinvites , reinvites murdered cop's daughter to event after ' diversity ' worry	College disinvites, reinvites murdered cop's daughter to event after'diversity'worry	1
College disinvites , reinvites murdered cop's daughter to event after ' diversity ' worry	College Disinvites, Reinvites Murder Cop's Daughter to Event After'Diversity'Fear	1
College disinvites , reinvites murdered cop's daughter to event after ' diversity ' worry	college disinvites, reinvites murder cop's daughter to event after'diversity'worry	1
College disinvites , reinvites murdered cop's daughter to event after ' diversity ' worry	College disinvites, reinvites murder cop's daughter to event after'diversity'worry	1
Facebook and Google to stop ads from appearing on fake news sites	Facebook and Google to ban ads from appearing on fake news websites.	1
Trump's win has Europe's far right dreaming of victory , too .	Trump's win has Europe's far right dreaming of victory too	1
Trump's win has Europe's far right dreaming of victory , too .	Trump's victory has Europe's far right dreaming of victory too.	1
Why didn't the press report . is the saddest of all the sad questions .	Why Didnt the Press Report. Is the Saddest of All the Sad Questions.	1
Why didn't the press report . is the saddest of all the sad questions .	Why Didn't the Press Report. Is the Saddest of All the Sad Questions.	1
What a Trump presidency could mean for LGBT Americans	What Trumps Presidency Could Mean for LGBT Americans	1
What a Trump presidency could mean for LGBT Americans	What Trump presidency could mean for LGBT+ Americans	1
Social media has become a powerful force capable of altering the course of global events , @fmanjoo writes	Social media has become a powerful force capable of altering the course of global events, says @fmanjoo	1
Social media has become a powerful force capable of altering the course of global events , @fmanjoo writes	Social Media Has Been a Powerful Force, Capable of Turning the Course of Global Events, Fmanjoo writes	1
Social media has become a powerful force capable of altering the course of global events , @fmanjoo writes	Social Media Is a Powerful Force, Capable of Changeing the Course of Global Events, writes FMANJOO	1
Social media has become a powerful force capable of altering the course of global events , @fmanjoo writes	Social media has become a powerful force capable of altering the course of global events, writes @fmanjoo	1
Social media has become a powerful force capable of altering the course of global events , @fmanjoo writes	Social media is a powerful force in changing the course of global events, writes @Fmanjoo	1
Social media has become a powerful force capable of altering the course of global events , @fmanjoo writes	Social Media Has Been a Powerful Force, Capable of Altering the Course of Global Events, Fmanjoo Writes	1
Social media has become a powerful force capable of altering the course of global events , @fmanjoo writes	Social media has become a powerful force capable of altering the course of global events, @Fmanjoo writes	1
Social media has become a powerful force capable of altering the course of global events , @fmanjoo writes	Social media has become a powerful force capable of altering the course of global events, writes @Fmanjoo	1
Social media has become a powerful force capable of altering the course of global events , @fmanjoo writes	Social media has become a powerful force capable of altering the course of global events @Fmanjoo	1
Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spell disaster for civil rights in America .	Attorney General Jeff Sessions would undoubtedly spell disaster for civil rights in America.	1
Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spell disaster for civil rights in America .	Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spell disaster for civil rights in America.	1
Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spell disaster for civil rights in America .	Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spell disaster for civil rights in America	1
Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spell disaster for civil rights in America .	Attorney General Jeff Sessions would create a civil rights disaster for civil rights in America.	1
Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spell disaster for civil rights in America .	Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spell a total disaster for civil rights in America	1
Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spell disaster for civil rights in America .	Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spelt disaster for civil rights in America.	1
Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spell disaster for civil rights in America .	Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spell a total disaster for civil rights in America.	1
Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spell disaster for civil rights in America .	Attorney General Jeff Sessions would wreak havoc for civil rights in America.	1
Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spell disaster for civil rights in America .	Attorney General Jeff Sessions would spell a great deal of disaster for civil rights in America.	1
VP-elect Pence enters Trump Tower to meet with President-elect Trump on cabinet picks	VP-elect Pence visits Trump Tower for meeting with Trump on Cabinet picks	1
Samsung to Buy Harman International in an $8 Billion Bet on Cars	Samsung to Buy Harman International in $8 Billion Bet on Cars	1
Samsung to Buy Harman International in an $8 Billion Bet on Cars	Samsung buys Harman International in $ 8 billion Bet on cars	1
My take on the looming civil war between Trump's transition and the foreign-policy conservatives .	My Take on the looming Civil War Between Trump Transition and the Foreign Policy Conservatives	1
Trump claimed credit for persuading Ford not to move a plant . But Ford never planned to move it .	Trump claimed credit for persuading Ford not to move a plant. But Ford never planned to move it.	1
Trump claimed credit for persuading Ford not to move a plant . But Ford never planned to move it .	Trump claimed credit for persuading Ford to not move a plant. But Ford never planned to move.	1
Trump claimed credit for persuading Ford not to move a plant . But Ford never planned to move it .	Trump claims credit for persuading Ford to not move plant. But Ford didn't plan to move it	1
Trump claimed credit for persuading Ford not to move a plant . But Ford never planned to move it .	Trump claimed credit for persuading Ford not to move plant, but Ford had never planned to move one	1
Trump claimed credit for persuading Ford not to move a plant . But Ford never planned to move it .	Trump claimed credit for persuading Ford to not move a plant. But Ford never planned to move it	1
Trump claimed credit for persuading Ford not to move a plant . But Ford never planned to move it .	Trump takes credit for persuading Ford to not move a plant. Ford never planned to move it.	1
CBS criticized for holding Trump clip demanding an end to any violence in his name	CBS is criticized for holding Trump clip demanding an end to any violence in his name	1
CBS criticized for holding Trump clip demanding an end to any violence in his name	CBS Criticized for Holding Trump Clip Demanding End to Any Violence in His Name	1
CBS criticized for holding Trump clip demanding an end to any violence in his name	CBS criticized for holding Trump clip demanding an end to any violence in his name.	1
CBS criticized for holding Trump clip demanding an end to any violence in his name	CBS criticizes for holding Trump clip demanding an end to any violence in his name	1
CBS criticized for holding Trump clip demanding an end to any violence in his name	CBS criticised for holding Trump clip demanding an end to any violence in his name.	1
CBS criticized for holding Trump clip demanding an end to any violence in his name	CBS criticised for holding Trump clip demanding an end to any violence in his name	1
CBS criticized for holding Trump clip demanding an end to any violence in his name	CBS criticizes for holding Trump clip demanding an end to any violence in his name.	1
IBM's computers can diagnose skin cancer more effectively than dermatologists , the company says	IBM's computers can diagnose skin cancer more effectively than dermatologists, the company says	1
IBM's computers can diagnose skin cancer more effectively than dermatologists , the company says	IBM's computers can diagnose skin cancer more effectively than dermatologists, company says	1
IBM's computers can diagnose skin cancer more effectively than dermatologists , the company says	IBM's computer diagnoses skin cancer more effectively than dermatologists, company says	1
IBM's computers can diagnose skin cancer more effectively than dermatologists , the company says	The company says IBM's computers can diagnose skin cancer more effectively than dermatologists.	1
IBM's computers can diagnose skin cancer more effectively than dermatologists , the company says	IBM computers can diagnose skin cancer more effectively than dermatologists, company says.	1
IBM's computers can diagnose skin cancer more effectively than dermatologists , the company says	IBMs computers can diagnose skin cancer more effectively than dermatologists, company says	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was	I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment I used to think it was	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was	I no longer think of being nice as a quite the compliment that I used to believe it was	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was	I do no longer think of being nice as exactly the compliment I used to think it was.	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was	I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was.	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was	I no longer think of being nice as the compliment I used to believe it was	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was	I don't now think of being nice as quite the compliment I used to believe it was	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was	I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to think it was	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was	I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment I used to believe it was.	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was	I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to think it was.	1
I no longer think of being nice as quite the compliment that I used to believe it was	I no longer think of being nice as the whole compliment that I used to believe it was.	1
Leon Russell , member of Rock & amp ; Roll Hall of Fame , dies at 74	Leon Russell, member of the Rock'n Roll Hall of Fame, died at 74.	1
President-elect Donald Trump attacks " fools " at The New York Times	President-elect Trump attacks'fools'at New York Times	1
President-elect Donald Trump attacks " fools " at The New York Times	President-elect Trump attacks'fools'at The New York Times	1
As ratings plummet , NFL considers reducing ads and length of games	NFL Considers Reducing Ads and Length of Games as Ratings Plummet.	1
As ratings plummet , NFL considers reducing ads and length of games	As Ratings Plummet, NFL Considers Reducing Ads and Length of Games	1
As ratings plummet , NFL considers reducing ads and length of games	NFL Considers Reducing Ads and Length of Games As Ratings Plummet	1
As ratings plummet , NFL considers reducing ads and length of games	NFL considers reducing ads and length of games as ratings plummet	1
Donald Trump and Congress both want tax cuts . The question is which ones .	Trump and Congress Both Want Tax Cuts. The Question Is Which Ones	1
Donald Trump and Congress both want tax cuts . The question is which ones .	Donald Trump and Congress Both Want Tax Cuts. The Question Is Which Ones	1
Donald Trump and Congress both want tax cuts . The question is which ones .	Trump and Congress both want tax cuts. The question is which ones.	1
Donald Trump and Congress both want tax cuts . The question is which ones .	Trump and Congress Both Want Tax Cuts. But the Question Is Which Ones	1
Donald Trump and Congress both want tax cuts . The question is which ones .	Trump and Congress both want Tax Cuts. The Question Is Which Ones	1
Donald Trump and Congress both want tax cuts . The question is which ones .	Trump and Congress Both Want Tax Cuts. The Question Is Which Ones.	1
Former counselor to Secretary Rice at State Department during George W Bush administration	Former State Department counselor to Secretary Rice during George W. Bush Administration	1
Trump campaigned on restoring manufacturing , which Silicon Valley derides as the old economy	Trump campaigned on restoring manufacturing, which Silicon Valley derides as the old economy	1
Trump campaigned on restoring manufacturing , which Silicon Valley derides as the old economy	Trump Campaigned on Rebuilding Manufacturing, which Silicon Valley Derides As the Old Economy	1
Trump campaigned on restoring manufacturing , which Silicon Valley derides as the old economy	Trump Campaigned On restoring Manufacturing, which Silicon Valley Derides As the Old Economy	1
Trump campaigned on restoring manufacturing , which Silicon Valley derides as the old economy	Trump Campaigned on restoring manufacturing, which Silicon Valley Derides as the Old Economy	1
Riot declared in Oregon as anti-Trump demonstrators damage cars , buildings	Riot declared in Oregon as anti-Trump demonstrators damage cars, buildings	1
Riot declared in Oregon as anti-Trump demonstrators damage cars , buildings	Riot declares in Oregon as anti-Trump demonstrators damage cars, buildings	1
Riot declared in Oregon as anti-Trump demonstrators damage cars , buildings	Riot declared in Oregon as anti-Trump demonstrators damage cars, buildings.	1
Riot declared in Oregon as anti-Trump demonstrators damage cars , buildings	a Riot Declares in Oregon As Anti-Trump Demonstrators Damage Cars, Buildings	1
Chicagos gang violence is usually about men . Here's the story of one way it reaches women .	Chicago Gang Violence Is Usually About Men. Here's the Story of One Way It Reaches Women	1
Chicagos gang violence is usually about men . Here's the story of one way it reaches women .	In Chicago, Gang Violence Is Mostly About Men. Heres the Story of One Way It Reaches Women	1
Chicagos gang violence is usually about men . Here's the story of one way it reaches women .	Chicago Gang Violence Is Usually About Men. Heres the Story of One Way It Reaches Women	1
Chicagos gang violence is usually about men . Here's the story of one way it reaches women .	Chicagos Gang Violence Is Usually About Men. Here's the Story of One Way It Reaches Women	1
Chicagos gang violence is usually about men . Here's the story of one way it reaches women .	Chicago Gang Violence Is Mostly About Men. Here's the Story of One Way It Reaches Women	1
Chicagos gang violence is usually about men . Here's the story of one way it reaches women .	Gang Violence in Chicago Is Often About Men. Heres the Story of One Way It Reaches Women	1
Anti-Donald Trump protest in Portland , Ore now ' a riot	Anti-Donald Trump Protest in Portland, Ore Now'a riot	1
Anti-Donald Trump protest in Portland , Ore now ' a riot	Anti-Donald Trump Protest in Portland, Ore now'riot	1
Clicks to bricks Many web retailers are going brick and mortar	Clicks to Bricks Many web retailers are moving to brick-and-mortar	1
Clicks to bricks Many web retailers are going brick and mortar	Clicks to Bricks An increasing number of internet retailers are going brick-and-mortar	1
Attacks against American Muslims surged last year , driving an overall increase in hate crimes , according to the FBI	Attacks against Muslim Americans surged last year, driving overall rise in hate crimes, according to the FBI	1
Attacks against American Muslims surged last year , driving an overall increase in hate crimes , according to the FBI	Attacks on Muslim Americans surged last year, driving overall rise in hate crimes, according to FBI	1
President Obama will confront Donald Trump's triumph at a news conference today	Obama will confront Trump's triumph today at a news conference	1
President Obama will confront Donald Trump's triumph at a news conference today	Obama will confront Trump's triumph at a news conference today.	1
President Obama will confront Donald Trump's triumph at a news conference today	Obama will confront Trump's triumph at a news conference today	1
Donald Trump is recruiting among the lobbyists he once denounced	Trump is recruiting among the lobbyists he once denounced.	1
Donald Trump is recruiting among the lobbyists he once denounced	Trump is recruiting among the lobbyists he once denounced	1
America was on the wrong track , these women said , and Donald Trump alone could fix it .	America was on the wrong path, these women said, and Donald Trump alone could fix it.	1
America was on the wrong track , these women said , and Donald Trump alone could fix it .	America was on the wrong path, these women said. America was on the wrong track, they told the women. Donald Trump alone could fix it.	1
America was on the wrong track , these women said , and Donald Trump alone could fix it .	America Was on the Wrong Track, These Women Said, and Donald Trump alone Could Fix It	1
America was on the wrong track , these women said , and Donald Trump alone could fix it .	America Was on the Wrong Track, These Women Say, and Donald Trump Only Could Fix It.	1
America was on the wrong track , these women said , and Donald Trump alone could fix it .	America was on the wrong track, these women said, and Donald Trump alone could fix it.	1
America was on the wrong track , these women said , and Donald Trump alone could fix it .	America was on the wrong track, these women said. Donald Trump alone could fix it.	1
America was on the wrong track , these women said , and Donald Trump alone could fix it .	America was on the wrong path, these women said, and Donald Trump alone could fix it	1
America was on the wrong track , these women said , and Donald Trump alone could fix it .	America was on the wrong path, these women said. Donald Trump alone could fix it.	1
America was on the wrong track , these women said , and Donald Trump alone could fix it .	America was on the wrong track, these women said, and Donald Trump alone could fix it	1
America was on the wrong track , these women said , and Donald Trump alone could fix it .	America Was on the Wrong Track, These Women Say, and Donald Trump Only Could Fix It	1
America was on the wrong track , these women said , and Donald Trump alone could fix it .	America Was on the Wrong Track, These Women Said, and Donald Trump Only Could Fix It.	1
America was on the wrong track , these women said , and Donald Trump alone could fix it .	America Was on the Wrong Track, These Women Said, and Donald Trump Only Could Fix It	1
America was on the wrong track , these women said , and Donald Trump alone could fix it .	America was on the wrong track, these women said. Only Donald Trump could fix it.	1
America was on the wrong track , these women said , and Donald Trump alone could fix it .	These Women Say America Was on the Wrong Track, and Donald Trump Only Could Fix It	1
An administration-in-waiting that will break starkly with that of President Obama	An Obama Administration-in-waiting That Will Break Clearly With That of Obama	1
An administration-in-waiting that will break starkly with that of President Obama	An Administration-in-waiting That Will Break Robbly With That of President Obama	1
An administration-in-waiting that will break starkly with that of President Obama	An Administration-in-waiting That Will Break Clearly With That of President Obama	1
doesn't this mean democrats should be obstructionists who encourage borderline insurrection ?	Does this mean the Democrats should be obstructionists who encourage borderline insurrection?	1
doesn't this mean democrats should be obstructionists who encourage borderline insurrection ?	Does this not mean Democrats should be obstructionists who encourage borderline insurrection?	1
doesn't this mean democrats should be obstructionists who encourage borderline insurrection ?	Does this mean Democrats should be obstructionists who encourage border line insurrection?	1
SearchInk Unlocking the handwritten past , and present , with machine learning	SearchInk Unlocking the handwritten past and present with Machine Learning	1
SearchInk Unlocking the handwritten past , and present , with machine learning	SearchInk Unlocking the Handwritten Past and Present with Machine Learning	1
SearchInk Unlocking the handwritten past , and present , with machine learning	SearchInk Unlocking the handwritten past, and present, with machine learning	1
SearchInk Unlocking the handwritten past , and present , with machine learning	SearchInk Unlocks the Handwritten Past, and Present, With Machine Learning	1
SearchInk Unlocking the handwritten past , and present , with machine learning	SearchInk Unlocking the handwritten past and present, with machine learning	1
SearchInk Unlocking the handwritten past , and present , with machine learning	SearchInk Unlocking the handwritten past and present with machine learning	1
Flags removed , torn up by Brown University students before Veterans Day	Flags torn Up, Removed, Moved By Brown University Students Before Veterans Day	1
Flags removed , torn up by Brown University students before Veterans Day	Flags ripped up by Brown University students ahead of Veterans Day	1
Flags removed , torn up by Brown University students before Veterans Day	Flags removed, torn up by Brown University students before Veterans Day	1
Flags removed , torn up by Brown University students before Veterans Day	Flags removed, torn up, by Brown University students before Veterans Day	1
Flags removed , torn up by Brown University students before Veterans Day	Flags torn up by Brown University students ahead of Veterans Day	1
Flags removed , torn up by Brown University students before Veterans Day	Flags removed, torn up by Brown University students, before Veterans Day	1
Flags removed , torn up by Brown University students before Veterans Day	Flags removed, torn up by Brown University students ahead of Veterans Day	1
Tax cuts are coming , but they may not be quite as large as Trump promised	Tax cuts are coming, but may not be as big as Trump promised	1
Tax cuts are coming , but they may not be quite as large as Trump promised	Tax cuts will come, but might not be as big as Donald Trump promised.	1
Tax cuts are coming , but they may not be quite as large as Trump promised	Tax cuts are coming, but they may not be as big as Trump promised	1
Tax cuts are coming , but they may not be quite as large as Trump promised	Tax cuts are coming, but may not be quite as big as Trump promised	1
Tax cuts are coming , but they may not be quite as large as Trump promised	Some tax cuts are coming, but may not be as big as Trump promised	1
As transition pace picks up , Donald Trump nears cabinet nominations	As Transition Pace Picks Up, Trump Nears Cabinet Nominations	1
As transition pace picks up , Donald Trump nears cabinet nominations	As Transition Pace Picks Up, Donald Trump Nears Cabinet Nominations	1
Alisha is a trans woman . She finds herself constantly looking over her shoulder .	Alisha is a trans woman, constantly looking over her shoulder.	1
Alisha is a trans woman . She finds herself constantly looking over her shoulder .	Alisha is a trans woman, who finds herself constantly looking over her shoulder.	1
Alisha is a trans woman . She finds herself constantly looking over her shoulder .	Alisha is a trans woman, and she finds herself constantly looking over her shoulder.	1
Alisha is a trans woman . She finds herself constantly looking over her shoulder .	Alisha is a trans woman who finds herself constantly looking over her shoulder.	1
Alisha is a trans woman . She finds herself constantly looking over her shoulder .	Alisha is a trans woman who finds herself looking constantly over her shoulder.	1
Alisha is a trans woman . She finds herself constantly looking over her shoulder .	Alisha is a transwoman who finds herself looking constantly over her shoulder.	1
Alisha is a trans woman . She finds herself constantly looking over her shoulder .	Alisha is a trans woman who constantly looks over her shoulder.	1
Alisha is a trans woman . She finds herself constantly looking over her shoulder .	Alisha is a trans woman, who constantly looks over her shoulder.	1
Alisha is a trans woman . She finds herself constantly looking over her shoulder .	Alisha is a trans woman, she finds herself always looking over her shoulder.	1
Alisha is a trans woman . She finds herself constantly looking over her shoulder .	Alisha is a trans woman, she finds herself constantly looking over her shoulder.	1
Alisha is a trans woman . She finds herself constantly looking over her shoulder .	Alisha is a trans woman who finds herself looking over her shoulder constantly.	1
Alisha is a trans woman . She finds herself constantly looking over her shoulder .	Alisha is a trans woman, and finds herself constantly looking over her shoulder.	1
White women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for Trump	White women sold the sisterhood and the world by voting for Trump	1
White women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for Trump	White women sold out the sisterhood and the world by voting for Trump.	1
Facebook admits it must do more to stop the spread of misinformation on itsplatform	Facebook admits it must do more to stop the spread of misinformation on its platform	1
Trump transition team announces CIA director , attorney general and national security advisor	Trump Transition Team Names CIA Director, Attorney General, National Security Advisor	1
Trump transition team announces CIA director , attorney general and national security advisor	Trump transition team names CIA director, attorney general, and national security advisor	1
Trump transition team announces CIA director , attorney general and national security advisor	Trump transition team names CIA director, attorney general and national security advisor	1
Trump transition team announces CIA director , attorney general and national security advisor	Trump transition team names CIA director, attorney general, national security advisor	1
Trump transition team announces CIA director , attorney general and national security advisor	Trump transition team named CIA director, attorney general and national security advisor	1
Russia withdraws from International Criminal Court , calling it " one-sided	Russia withdraws from International Criminal Court, calling it " One-sided	1
Russia withdraws from International Criminal Court , calling it " one-sided	Russia Resigns from International Criminal Court, Calling It One-sided	1
Russia withdraws from International Criminal Court , calling it " one-sided	Russia's withdrawal from the International Criminal Court, calling it " one-sided	1
Here's why Jeff Sessions is the perfect pick for attorney general	Why Jeff Sessions Is the Perfect Pick for Attorney General	1
Here's why Jeff Sessions is the perfect pick for attorney general	Here's why Jeff Sessions is the perfect pick for attorney-general	1
Donald Trump may select an architect of Bush's torture program to run CIA	Donald Trump Could Select An architect of Bushs Torture Program to Run CIA	1
Donald Trump may select an architect of Bush's torture program to run CIA	Donald Trump could pick an architect of Bush's torture program to run CIA.	1
Just imagine what would happen if the Chinese started eating avocado	Imagine what would happen if the Chinese started eating avocado.	1
Just imagine what would happen if the Chinese started eating avocado	Imagine what would happen if the Chinese started eating avocado	1
Just imagine what would happen if the Chinese started eating avocado	Imagining what would happen if the Chinese started eating avocado	1
Just imagine what would happen if the Chinese started eating avocado	Imagine what would happen if the Chinese started eating avocado!	1
Just imagine what would happen if the Chinese started eating avocado	Imagine what would happen if the Chinese started eating avocado?	1
Please don't let up , @jaketapper . We need you to afflict ' em .	Please don't let up, @jaketapper. We need you to afflict 'em.	1
Hitler's only kidding about the antisemitism " New York Times , 1922	Hitler's only kidding about antisemitism " New York Times, 1922	1
Hitler's only kidding about the antisemitism " New York Times , 1922	Hitler's only kidding about anti-semitism'New York Times, 1922	1
Hitler's only kidding about the antisemitism " New York Times , 1922	Hitler's only kidding about anti-semitism " New York Times, 1922	1
Hitler's only kidding about the antisemitism " New York Times , 1922	Hitler's only kidding about antisemitism " New York Times 1922	1
Judge refuses to declare mistrial after jurors say they are deadlocked in trial of ex-officer Ray Tensing	Judge refuses to declare mistrial after jurors say they are deadlocked in former-officer Ray Tensing's trial	1
Judge refuses to declare mistrial after jurors say they are deadlocked in trial of ex-officer Ray Tensing	Judge refuses to declare mistrial after jurors say they are deadlocked in the trial of ex-Officer Ray Tensing	1
Judge refuses to declare mistrial after jurors say they are deadlocked in trial of ex-officer Ray Tensing	Judge refuses to declare mistrial after jurors say they are deadlocked in the trial of ex-officer Ray Tensing	1
Judge refuses to declare mistrial after jurors say they are deadlocked in trial of ex-officer Ray Tensing	Judge refuses to declare mistrial, after jurors say they are deadlocked in ex-officer Ray Tensing's trial	1
Trumps Unprecedented Use of Twitter May Continue in the White House	Donald Trumps Unprecedented Use of Twitter May Continue in the White House	1
Trumps Unprecedented Use of Twitter May Continue in the White House	Trumps Unprecedented Use of Twitter May Continue in the White House.	1
When It Comes to Success , Age Really Is Just a Number	When it comes to success, age really is just a number.	1
When It Comes to Success , Age Really Is Just a Number	When It Comes to Success, Age Really Is Just a Number!	1
When It Comes to Success , Age Really Is Just a Number	When It Comes to Success, Age Really Is Just a Number	1
When It Comes to Success , Age Really Is Just a Number	When It Comes to Success, When It Comes to Success, Age Really Is Just a Number	1
When It Comes to Success , Age Really Is Just a Number	When it comes to success, age really is just a number	1
When It Comes to Success , Age Really Is Just a Number	When it comes to winning, age really is just a number	1
When It Comes to Success , Age Really Is Just a Number	A simple truth is that when it comes to success, age really is just a number	1
When It Comes to Success , Age Really Is Just a Number	When it comes to success, age really Is just a number.	1
When It Comes to Success , Age Really Is Just a Number	When It Comes to Success, Age Really Is Just a Number.	1
When It Comes to Success , Age Really Is Just a Number	When it comes to Success, Age Really Is Just a Number	1
When It Comes to Success , Age Really Is Just a Number	When it comes to success, age really Is Just a number.	1
And this is the flip side of the booing/why dissent is significant in Constitutional democracy	And this is the flip side of the booing / why dissent is important in Constitutional Democracy.	1
And this is the flip side of the booing/why dissent is significant in Constitutional democracy	This is the flip side of the booing/why dissent is significant in Constitutional democracy	1
And this is the flip side of the booing/why dissent is significant in Constitutional democracy	And this is the flip side of the booing/Why dissent is important in Constitutional democracy	1
And this is the flip side of the booing/why dissent is significant in Constitutional democracy	And this is the flip side of the booing/why dissent is significant in Constitutional democracy.	1
And this is the flip side of the booing/why dissent is significant in Constitutional democracy	And this is the flip side of the booing / Why Dissent Is Significant in Constitutional Democracy	1
And this is the flip side of the booing/why dissent is significant in Constitutional democracy	And here is the flip side of the booing / why dissent in the Constitutional democracy is significant	1
And this is the flip side of the booing/why dissent is significant in Constitutional democracy	And this is the flip side of the booing/why dissent is significant in Constitutional Democracy.	1
And this is the flip side of the booing/why dissent is significant in Constitutional democracy	This is the flip side of the booing/why dissent in Constitutional democracy is important	1
And this is the flip side of the booing/why dissent is significant in Constitutional democracy	And this is the flip side of the booing / why dissent in constitutional democracy is significant	1
Saving coal is one promise Donald J . Trump wont be able to keep	Saving coal is one promise Donald J. Trump wont be able to keep	1
Saving coal is one promise Donald J . Trump wont be able to keep	Saving coal is one promise Trump wont be able to keep	1
Saving coal is one promise Donald J . Trump wont be able to keep	Saving coal is one promise Donald J. Trump wont be able to keep.	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by TKO in 2nd round, becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by TKO in 2nd round, becomes the 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO, becomes the 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor Beats Eddie Alvarez by TKO in 2nd round, becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold both titles simultaneously	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor Beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO, becomes the 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 simultaneously	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by TKO in 2nd round, becomes the 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously.	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor defeats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO, becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor defeats Eddie Alvarez by TKO in 2nd round, becomes the 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by TKO in the 2nd round and becomes the first UFC fighter to hold two consecutive titles.	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by TKO in the 2nd round, becomes the first UFC fighter to hold two titles simultaneously	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by TKO in the second round, becomes the first UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO, becomes the first UFC fighter to hold two titles simultaneously	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez in the second round by TKO, becomes the first UFC fighter to hold both titles simultaneously	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO, becomes the first UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor Beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO, becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by TKO in the second round, becomes the 1st UFC fighter to hold both titles simultaneously	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by TKO in 2nd-round, becomes the 1st UFC fighter to hold two titles simultaneously	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by TKO in 2nd-round, becomes the first UFC fighter to hold both titles simultaneously	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by TKO in 2nd round, becomes the first UFC fighter to hold both titles simultaneously	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by TKO in 2nd round, becomes the first UFC fighter to hold two titles simultaneously	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO, becomes the 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously.	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by TKO in the 2nd round, becomes the 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	1
Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO , becomes 1st UFC fighter to hold 2 titles simultaneously	Conor McGregor beats Eddie Alvarez by 2nd-round TKO, becomes the 1st UFC fighter to hold two titles simultaneously	1
Megyn Kelly denies report her book says Trump saw debate question in advance	Megyn Kelly denies claims in her book saying Trump saw debate question in advance.	1
Megyn Kelly denies report her book says Trump saw debate question in advance	Megyn Kelly denies report her book says Trump saw debate question in advance.	1
Obama on Trump victory Hopefully it's a reminder that elections matter and voting counts	President Obama on Trump victory Hopefully it's a reminder that elections matter and voting counts	1
Obama on Trump victory Hopefully it's a reminder that elections matter and voting counts	Obama on Trump victory Hope it's a reminder that elections matter and voting counts	1
Broadway , of all places , is not a safe space for bigots .	Of all places, Broadway is not a safe space for bigots.	1
Broadway , of all places , is not a safe space for bigots .	Broadway, of all places, is not a safe place for bigots.	1
Broadway , of all places , is not a safe space for bigots .	Broadway, of all places, is not a safe space for bigots.	1
Broadway , of all places , is not a safe space for bigots .	Broadway is not a safe space for bigots, of all places.	1
Broadway , of all places , is not a safe space for bigots .	Broadway, of all places, is not a safe space for Bigots.	1
Broadway , of all places , is not a safe space for bigots .	Broadway is, of all places, not a safe place for bigots.	1
Broadway , of all places , is not a safe space for bigots .	The Broadway, of all places, is not a safe space for bigots.	1
Broadway , of all places , is not a safe space for bigots .	Broadway is, of all places, not a safe space for bigots.	1
The New Zealand earthquake struck near Christchurch , which was devastated by a quake in 2011	The New Zealand earthquake hit near Christchurch, devastated by a 2011 earthquake in New Zealand.	1
The New Zealand earthquake struck near Christchurch , which was devastated by a quake in 2011	An earthquake hit New Zealand near Christchurch, which was ravaged by a 2011 earthquake.	1
Hillary Clinton , in an emotional speech , asked supporters to continue working for a better country	Hillary Clinton, in Emotional Speech, Asks Supporters to Keep Moving for a Better Country	1
I refuse to be a bystander .	I refuse to be a bystander.	1
I refuse to be a bystander .	I Refuse to Be a Bystander.	1
I refuse to be a bystander .	I REFUSE to Be a Bystander.	1
Natasha , Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812 , on the Heels of Hamilton	Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812 on the Heels of Hamilton	1
Natasha , Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812 , on the Heels of Hamilton	Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812 at the Heels of Hamilton	1
Natasha , Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812 , on the Heels of Hamilton	Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812, on the Heels of Hamilton	1
Natasha , Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812 , on the Heels of Hamilton	Natasha, Pierre, and the Great Comet of 1812 on the Heels of Hamilton	1
Natasha , Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812 , on the Heels of Hamilton	Natasha, Pierre, and the Great Comet of 1812, on the heels of Hamilton	1
Natasha , Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812 , on the Heels of Hamilton	Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812 on the heels of Hamilton	1
Natasha , Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812 , on the Heels of Hamilton	Natasha, Pierre, and the Great Comet of 1812, at the Heels of Hamilton	1
Natasha , Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812 , on the Heels of Hamilton	Natasha, Pierre, and the Great Comet of 1812 on the heels of Hamilton	1
Natasha , Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812 , on the Heels of Hamilton	Natasha, Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812 in the heels of Hamilton	1
Natasha , Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812 , on the Heels of Hamilton	Natasha, Pierre, and the Great Comet of 1812 on the Heels of Hamilton.	1
Natasha , Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812 , on the Heels of Hamilton	Natasha, Pierre, and the Great Comet of 1812 at the Heels of Hamilton	1
Natasha , Pierre and the Great Comet of 1812 , on the Heels of Hamilton	Natasha, Pierre, and the Great Comet of 1812, on the Heels of Hamilton.	1
How Nasty Gal went from an eBay page to a rapidly expanding business to bankruptcy .	How Nasty Gal Goes From an eBay Page to a Rapidly Expanding Business To Insolvency.	1
How Nasty Gal went from an eBay page to a rapidly expanding business to bankruptcy .	How Nasty Gal Goes From an eBay Page to a Rapidly Expanding Business, To Bankruptcy.	1
How Nasty Gal went from an eBay page to a rapidly expanding business to bankruptcy .	How Nasty Gal Gone From an eBay Page to a Rapidly Expanding Business to Bankruptcy	1
How Nasty Gal went from an eBay page to a rapidly expanding business to bankruptcy .	How Nasty Gal Goes From an eBay Page to a Rapidly Expanding Business, to Bankruptcy.	1
How Nasty Gal went from an eBay page to a rapidly expanding business to bankruptcy .	How Nasty Gal Got From an eBay Page to a Rapidly Expanding Business to Bankruptcy.	1
the southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years	The southern poverty law center will prove invaluable for the next four years	1
the southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years	The Southern Poverty Law Center Is Going to Be Inestimable for the Next Four Years	1
the southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years	The Law Center for Southern Poverty is going to be invaluable for the next four years.	1
the southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years	The law center in southern poverty will be invaluable for the next four years.	1
the southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years	The Southern Poverty Law Center Is Going to Be Unparalleled for the Next Four Years	1
the southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years	The southern poverty law center is going to be vital for the next four years.	1
the southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years	The southern poverty law center will prove invaluable for the next four years.	1
the southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years	The Southern Poverty Law Center Is Going to Be incredibly Important for the Next Four Years.	1
the southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years	The South Poverty Law Center Is Going to Be Invaluable for the Next Four Years	1
the southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years	The Southern Poverty Law Center Is Going to Be incredibly Important for the Next Four Years	1
the southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years	The Southern Poverty Law Center Will Be Invaluable for the Next Four Years	1
the southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years	The Southern Poverty Law Center Is Going to Be, Invaluable for the Next Four Years,	1
the southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years	The Southern Poverty Law Center Is Going to Be Unrivalled for the Next Four Years	1
the southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years	The Southern Poverty Law Center Is Going to Be a Vital One for the Next Four Years	1
the southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years	The Southern Poverty Law Center Is Going to Be, Invaluable, for the Next Four Years.	1
the southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years	The southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years.	1
the southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years	The South Poverty Law Center is going to be invaluable for the next four years.	1
the southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years	The Southern Poverty Law Center Is Going to Be a Vital Resource for the Next Four Years	1
the southern poverty law center is going to be invaluable for the next four years	The Southern Poverty Law Center Is Going to Be, Invaluable, for the Next Four Years	1
So #Trump really liked meeting the founder of #ISIS , huh ?	So Trump Really Liked Meeting the founder of #ISIS, huh?	1
So #Trump really liked meeting the founder of #ISIS , huh ?	So #Trump really liked meeting the founder of #ISIS, huh?	1
So #Trump really liked meeting the founder of #ISIS , huh ?	So @Trump really liked meeting the founder of #ISIS, huh?	1
So #Trump really liked meeting the founder of #ISIS , huh ?	So Trump really liked meeting the founder of #ISIS, huh?	1
So #Trump really liked meeting the founder of #ISIS , huh ?	So, #Trump really liked meeting the founder of #ISIS, huh?	1
So #Trump really liked meeting the founder of #ISIS , huh ?	So Mr. Trump really liked meeting the founder of #ISIS, huh?	1
So #Trump really liked meeting the founder of #ISIS , huh ?	So, @Trump really liked meeting the founder of #ISIS, huh?	1
So #Trump really liked meeting the founder of #ISIS , huh ?	So @Trump liked meeting the founder of #ISIS, huh?	1
A newly vibrant Washington fears that Donald Trump will drain its culture	A newly vibrant Washington fears that Donald Trump will drain its culture.	1
A newly vibrant Washington fears that Donald Trump will drain its culture	Newly vibrant Washington fears that Donald Trump will drain its culture	1
Trumps Meeting with Business Partners Hints at How Presidency May Benefit His Ventures	Trump's meeting with business partners hints at how presidency may benefit his	1
Trumps Meeting with Business Partners Hints at How Presidency May Benefit His Ventures	Mr. Trumps meeting with business partners will give him insight into how presidency may benefit his ventures	1
Trumps Meeting with Business Partners Hints at How Presidency May Benefit His Ventures	Trump's meeting with business partners gives him a good idea of how presidency may benefit his ventures	1
Trumps Meeting with Business Partners Hints at How Presidency May Benefit His Ventures	Trump's meeting with business partners indicates how presidency may benefit his ventures	1
Trumps Meeting with Business Partners Hints at How Presidency May Benefit His Ventures	Trump's meeting with business partners might provide an insight into how his presidency could benefit his ventures	1
Trumps Meeting with Business Partners Hints at How Presidency May Benefit His Ventures	Trump's meeting with business partners will give him an idea of how his presidency may benefit his ventures	1
Trumps Meeting with Business Partners Hints at How Presidency May Benefit His Ventures	Trump's meeting with business partners hint at How Presidency May Benefit His Ventures	1
Trumps Meeting with Business Partners Hints at How Presidency May Benefit His Ventures	Donald Trump's meeting with business partners gives him insight into how presidency may benefit his ventures	1
Trumps Meeting with Business Partners Hints at How Presidency May Benefit His Ventures	Trump's meeting with business partners hint at how presidency may benefit his ventures	1
Trumps Meeting with Business Partners Hints at How Presidency May Benefit His Ventures	President-Elect Trump's Meeting With Business Partners Hints at How Presidency May Benefit His Ventures	1
Trumps Meeting with Business Partners Hints at How Presidency May Benefit His Ventures	Trump's meeting with business partners will give him insight into how presidency may benefit his ventures	1
It appears that every single black freshman student at @Penn got a racial threat today .	Today, it appears that every single black freshman at Penn got a racial threat.	1
It appears that every single black freshman student at @Penn got a racial threat today .	It appears that every single Black freshman at @Penn got a racial threat today.	1
It appears that every single black freshman student at @Penn got a racial threat today .	It appears that every single black freshman @Penn student got a racial threat today.	1
It appears that every single black freshman student at @Penn got a racial threat today .	It appears that every single black freshman student at @Penn got a racial threat today.	1
It appears that every single black freshman student at @Penn got a racial threat today .	It appears that every single black freshman student at Penn got a racial threat today.	1
It appears that every single black freshman student at @Penn got a racial threat today .	It appears that every single black freshman at @Penn got a racial threat today.	1
Dont move to Canada . Talk to the other side .	Don't move to Canada. Talk to the other side.	1
Dont move to Canada . Talk to the other side .	Dont Move to Canada. Talk to the Other Side.	1
What Democrats can learn from Donald Trump All candidates need to be more authentic online	What Democrats can learn from Donald Trump All candidates need to be more authentic online.	1
What Democrats can learn from Donald Trump All candidates need to be more authentic online	What Democrats can learn from Donald Trump. Almost all candidates need to be more authentic online.	1
At $60 , the NES Classic Edition offers an incredible nostalgic value	The NES Classic Edition offers incredible nostalgic value at $60.	1
At $60 , the NES Classic Edition offers an incredible nostalgic value	The NES Classic Edition offers an incredible nostalgic value at $60	1
At $60 , the NES Classic Edition offers an incredible nostalgic value	The NES Classic Edition delivers incredible nostalgic value at $60.	1
At $60 , the NES Classic Edition offers an incredible nostalgic value	At $60, the NES Classic Edition offers an incredible nostalgic value.	1
At $60 , the NES Classic Edition offers an incredible nostalgic value	At $60, the NES Classic Edition offers incredible nostalgia value	1
At $60 , the NES Classic Edition offers an incredible nostalgic value	The NES Classic Edition offers incredible nostalgic value at $60	1
Greek police use tear gas , stun grenades to quell anti-Obama protesters in Athens	Greek police use tear gas, stun grenades to quell anti-Obama protesters in Athens	1
Greek police use tear gas , stun grenades to quell anti-Obama protesters in Athens	Athens police use tear gas, stun grenades to quell anti-Obama protesters	1
Greek police use tear gas , stun grenades to quell anti-Obama protesters in Athens	Greece cops use tear gas, stun grenades to quell anti-Obama protesters in Athens	1
Greek police use tear gas , stun grenades to quell anti-Obama protesters in Athens	Greece Police Use Tear Gas, Stun grenades to Quell Anti-Obama Protesters in Athens	1
Greek police use tear gas , stun grenades to quell anti-Obama protesters in Athens	Greek Police Use Tear Gas, Stun grenades to Quell Anti-Obama Protesters in Athens	1
Greek police use tear gas , stun grenades to quell anti-Obama protesters in Athens	Greek police use tear gas, stun grenades to quell anti-Obama protesters in Athens.	1
Greek police use tear gas , stun grenades to quell anti-Obama protesters in Athens	Athens police use tear gas and stun grenades to quell anti-Obama protesters	1
The conflicts between Trump's private interests & amp ; public role will be impossible to untangle	The conflicts between Trump's private interests & amp ; public role will be impossible to unravel	1
Ford was not actually planning to move an automaking plant from Kentucky to Mexico . Trump suggested otherwise .	Ford was not actually planning to move an automaking plant from Kentucky to Mexico. Trump suggested otherwise.	1
Ford was not actually planning to move an automaking plant from Kentucky to Mexico . Trump suggested otherwise .	Ford was not actually planning to move an automaking plant from Kentucky to Mexico, as Trump suggested otherwise.	1
Ford was not actually planning to move an automaking plant from Kentucky to Mexico . Trump suggested otherwise .	Ford was not really planning to move an automaking plant from Kentucky to Mexico. Trump suggested otherwise.	1
Ford was not actually planning to move an automaking plant from Kentucky to Mexico . Trump suggested otherwise .	Ford was not actually planning to move an automaking plant from Kentucky to Mexico, despite Mr. Trump's suggestion otherwise.	1
Ford was not actually planning to move an automaking plant from Kentucky to Mexico . Trump suggested otherwise .	Ford was not actually planning to move an automaking plant from Kentucky to Mexico Trump suggested otherwise.	1
One person was shot at the Will Rogers World Airport in Oklahoma , according to a tweet from police	One person was shot at Oklahoma's Will Rogers World Airport, according to a tweet from police	1
One person was shot at the Will Rogers World Airport in Oklahoma , according to a tweet from police	One person was shot at Will Rogers World Airport in Oklahoma, according to a tweet sent by police.	1
One person was shot at the Will Rogers World Airport in Oklahoma , according to a tweet from police	One person was shot at Will Rogers World Airport in Oklahoma, according to a tweet from police.	1
One person was shot at the Will Rogers World Airport in Oklahoma , according to a tweet from police	One person was shot at Will Rogers World Airport in Oklahoma, according to a tweet from police	1
One person was shot at the Will Rogers World Airport in Oklahoma , according to a tweet from police	One person has been shot at Oklahoma's Will Rogers World Airport, according to a tweet from police.	1
2/3 Rhino are killed every night in the Kruger National Park , South Africa . Al Jazeera Investigates	2/3 Rhino are murdered a night in Kruger National Park, South Africa. Al Jazeera investigates the situation.	1
2/3 Rhino are killed every night in the Kruger National Park , South Africa . Al Jazeera Investigates	2/3 Rhino are murdered every night in Kruger National Park, South Africa Al Jazeera investigates	1
2/3 Rhino are killed every night in the Kruger National Park , South Africa . Al Jazeera Investigates	2/3 Rhino killed every night in Kruger National Park, South Africa Al Jazeera investigates	1
2/3 Rhino are killed every night in the Kruger National Park , South Africa . Al Jazeera Investigates	2/3 Rhino are killed every night in Kruger National Park, South Africa. Al Jazeera Investigates	1
2/3 Rhino are killed every night in the Kruger National Park , South Africa . Al Jazeera Investigates	2/3 Rhino are killed every night in Kruger National Park, South Africa. Al Jazeera investigates	1
2/3 Rhino are killed every night in the Kruger National Park , South Africa . Al Jazeera Investigates	2/3 rhino are killed every night in Kruger National Park, South Africa Al Jazeera Investigates	1
Disagreements over key cabinet appointments split Trump transition team ; one source describes it as a " knife fight	In some ways, disagreements over cabinet appointments have divided Trump transition team, and one source calls it a " knife fight	1
Disagreements over key cabinet appointments split Trump transition team ; one source describes it as a " knife fight	Disagreements Over Key Cabinet Appointments Split Trump Transition Team ; Sources Call It a " Knife Battle	1
Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte says he may follow Russia's step to withdraw from the ICC	Philippine President Duterte says he'll follow Russia's steps to withdraw from the ICC.	1
McCain warns Trump on Putin as transition shows signs of disarray	McCain warns Trump on Putin, transition shows signs of disarray	1
McCain warns Trump on Putin as transition shows signs of disarray	McCain warns Trump about Putin as transition shows signs of disarray	1
McCain warns Trump on Putin as transition shows signs of disarray	McCain warns Trump about Putin " transition shows signs of disarray.	1
McCain warns Trump on Putin as transition shows signs of disarray	McCain warns Trump on Putin as transition shows signs of disarray.	1
On issue after issue , Donald Trumps statements conflict with many UN positions . Here are the major examples .	On Issue After Issue, Trumps Statements Conflict With Many UN Positions. Here Are The Major Examples	1
Facebook suddenly thinks a bunch of people are dead Don't panic .	Facebook suddenly thinks a bunch of people are dead Don't panic.	1
Facebook suddenly thinks a bunch of people are dead Don't panic .	Facebook suddenly suddenly thinks a bunch of people are dead Dont panic.	1
This election showed the growing and worrisome divide between rural and urban America	This election showed the growing and worrying divide between rural and urban America	1
This election showed the growing and worrisome divide between rural and urban America	This election reflected the growing and troubling divide between rural and urban America.	1
This election showed the growing and worrisome divide between rural and urban America	This election showed the growing and worrying divide between rural and urban America.	1
This election showed the growing and worrisome divide between rural and urban America	This election highlighted the growing and worrisome divide between rural and urban America	1
This election showed the growing and worrisome divide between rural and urban America	The election demonstrates the growing and troubling divide between rural and urban America.	1
This election showed the growing and worrisome divide between rural and urban America	This election was a reflection of the growing and worrying divide between rural and urban America.	1
This election showed the growing and worrisome divide between rural and urban America	The new election signaled the growing and troubling divide between rural and urban America	1
This election showed the growing and worrisome divide between rural and urban America	This election demonstrated the growing and worrisome divide between rural and urban America.	1
We now have a rural party and an urban party , and the rural party won	We now have a rural party and an urban party, and the rural party won.	1
We now have a rural party and an urban party , and the rural party won	We now have a rural party and a urban party, and the rural party won.	1
We now have a rural party and an urban party , and the rural party won	We now have a rural party and a urban party, and the rural party won	1
We now have a rural party and an urban party , and the rural party won	Now we have a rural party and an urban party, and the rural party won	1
We now have a rural party and an urban party , and the rural party won	We now have a rural and an urban party, and the rural party won	1
We now have a rural party and an urban party , and the rural party won	We now have a rural party and an urban party, and the rural party won	1
We now have a rural party and an urban party , and the rural party won	We now have a rural and a urban party, and the rural party won	1
We now have a rural party and an urban party , and the rural party won	Now we have a rural party and a urban party, and the rural party won	1
We now have a rural party and an urban party , and the rural party won	Now we have a rural party and an urban party, and the rural party won.	1
We now have a rural party and an urban party , and the rural party won	Now we have a rural party and a urban party, and the rural party won.	1
Angela Merkel will seek a fourth term as Germany's leader , reports say	Angela Merkel seeks 4th term as Germany's leader, sources say	1
42 states shifted to the right in 2016 . The majority of battleground states went for Trump .	42 states moved to the right in 2016. The majority of battleground states went for Trump.	1
Clinton was representative of every woman whos been talked over or overlooked for a job	Clinton was representative of every woman who was talked over or overlooked for a job.	1
Clinton was representative of every woman whos been talked over or overlooked for a job	Clinton is representative of every woman who's been talked over or overlooked for a job	1
Clinton was representative of every woman whos been talked over or overlooked for a job	Clinton was representative of every woman who has been talked over or overlooked for a job.	1
Clinton was representative of every woman whos been talked over or overlooked for a job	Bill Clinton Was Representative of Every Woman Who Has Been Talked Over or Overlooked for a Job	1
Donald Trump has offered Michael Flynn the post of national security adviser , according to a top transition official	Donald Trump offered Michael Flynn the post of national security adviser, according to a top transition official.	1
How an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for Donald Trump	How an unverified but explosive dossier became a crisis for Trump	1
Are you open to 2020 ? I am open to doing everything I can right now	Are you open to 2020? I am open to doing everything I can right now.	1
Trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate	Trump is manipulating the media the same way he did the electorate.	1
Trump is manipulating the media the same way he manipulated the electorate	Trump is manipulating the media the same way he did the electorate	1
This is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this kind across the country .	This is unreal and an attempt to chill the predictions of this kind throughout the country.	1
This is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this kind across the country .	This is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this kind across the country.	1
This is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this kind across the country .	This is unreal and is an attempt to chill predictions of this type across the country.	1
This is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this kind across the country .	This is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this type across the country.	1
This is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this kind across the country .	This is unbelievable and an attempt to chill prediction of this kind across the country.	1
This is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this kind across the country .	This is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this sort across the country.	1
This is unreal and an attempt to chill predictions of this kind across the country .	This is unreal and an attempt to chill forecasts of this kind across the country.	1
The continuing reality show that Mr. Trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal	The ongoing reality show that Mr. Trump creates may help him from deeper damage by any scandal	1
The continuing reality show that Mr. Trump creates may help protect him from deep damage by any particular scandal	The ongoing reality show that Mr. Trump creates may help him from deep damage by any scandal	1
Trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , CNN/ORC poll shows	Trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40%, the lowest of any president, new CNN/ORC poll shows	1
Trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40% the lowest of any recent president , CNN/ORC poll shows	Trump will take office with an approval rating of just 40%, the lowest of any recent president, CNN/ORC poll shows.	1
Theresa May is said to be favoring a " hard Brexit , " taking Britain from the European single market and customs union	Theresa May Favors Hard Brexit, Taking Britain Out of the European Single Market and Customs Union	1
A drug-resistant superbug called CRE may be more widespread than previously known	CRE, a drug-resistant superbug, may be more widespread than previously known.	1
Donald Trump rips " all talk , " " no action " civil rights icon John Lewis	Donald Trump rips 'all talk,''no action' civil rights icon Lewis	1
Ive been called a token more times than I can count ; Ive been one more times than I cared to .	Ive been called a token more times than I can count. Ive been one more time than I cared to.	1
Ive been called a token more times than I can count ; Ive been one more times than I cared to .	Ive been called a token more times than I can count, Ive been one more time than I cared to.	1
This just in Fox News Settled Sexual Harassment Allegations Against Bill OReilly , Documents Show	This just in Fox News Settled Settled Sexual Harassment Allegations Against Bill OReilly, Documents Show	1
This just in Fox News Settled Sexual Harassment Allegations Against Bill OReilly , Documents Show	This Just in Fox News Settled Settled Sexual Harassment Allegations Against Bill OReilly, Documents Show	1
Priebus says Democrats to blame for email hack , thinks Trump accepts intel findings	@Priebus says Democrats to blame for email hack, thinks Trump accepts intel findings	1
Priebus says Democrats to blame for email hack , thinks Trump accepts intel findings	Priebus says Democrats to blame for email hack, thinks Trump accepts intel findings	1
Though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a Hollywood social climber	Though he's preparing to assume the presidency, he tweets like a Hollywood social climber	1
Though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a Hollywood social climber	Even as he preparing to assume the presidency, he tweets like a Hollywood social climber	1
Though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a Hollywood social climber	Although he's preparing to take the presidency, he tweets like a Hollywood social climber	1
Though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a Hollywood social climber	Although he's preparing to assume the presidency, he tweets like a Hollywood social climber	1
Though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a Hollywood social climber	Although he's preparing to assume the presidency, he tweets like a Hollywood social climber.	1
Though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a Hollywood social climber	Though he's preparing to assume the presidency, he tweets like a Hollywood social climber.	1
Though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a Hollywood social climber	While he's preparing to assume the presidency, he tweets like a Hollywood social climber	1
Though he's preparing to assume the presidency , he tweets like a Hollywood social climber	Even though he's preparing to assume the presidency, he tweets like a Hollywood social climber	1
Shame on you rips #Dems who plan to skip inauguration .	Shame on You Rips #Dems Who Plan to Skip Inauguration	1
Shame on you rips #Dems who plan to skip inauguration .	Shame on You rips #Dems who plan to skip inauguration.	1
Repealing Obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich	Obamacare repeal will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich	1
Repealing Obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich	Repeal of Obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich	1
Repealing Obamacare will hand a nauseating tax cut to the rich	Obamacare Repeal Will Hand a Nauseating Tax Cut to the Rich	1
Sailor who mishandled info cites Clinton misdeeds in seeking Trump pardon	sailor who mishandled info cites Clinton misdeeds in seeking Trump pardoning him.	1
Sailor who mishandled info cites Clinton misdeeds in seeking Trump pardon	Sailor Who Mishandled Info cites Clinton Misdeeds in Demanding Trump Pardon.	1
Sailor who mishandled info cites Clinton misdeeds in seeking Trump pardon	Sailor Who Mishandled Info cites Clinton Misdeeds in Pursuing Trump Pardon	1
Sailor who mishandled info cites Clinton misdeeds in seeking Trump pardon	Sailor Who Mishandled Info Cites Clinton Misdeeds in Demanding Trump Pardon	1
Sailor who mishandled info cites Clinton misdeeds in seeking Trump pardon	Sailor Who Mishandled Info cites Clinton Misdeeds in Struggling for Trump Pardon	1
Sailor who mishandled info cites Clinton misdeeds in seeking Trump pardon	The sailor who mishandled the info cites Clinton misdeeds in seeking Trump pardon	1
Sailor who mishandled info cites Clinton misdeeds in seeking Trump pardon	Sailor Who Mishandled Info Counts Clinton Misdeeds in Pursuing Trump Pardon	1
Obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for Cuban refugees	Obama announces end to'wet foot, dry foot'policy for Cuban refugees	1
Obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for Cuban refugees	Obama announces end to'wet foot, dry foot'policy for Cuban refugees.	1
Obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for Cuban refugees	Barack Obama announces end to'wet foot, dry foot'policy for Cuban refugees	1
Obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for Cuban refugees	President Obama announces end to'wet foot, dry foot'policy for Cuban refugees	1
Obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for Cuban refugees	Obama ends'wet foot, dry foot'policy for Cuban refugees	1
Obama announces end to ' wet foot , dry foot ' policy for Cuban refugees	Obama will end'wet foot, dry foot'policy for Cuban refugees	1
Teddy Roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible	Teddy Roosevelts inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible	1
Teddy Roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible	Teddy Roosevelt’s inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible	1
Teddy Roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible	Teddy Roosevelts inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible.	1
Teddy Roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible	Teddy Roosevelts Inauguration Oath Was So Rushed No One Thought to Find a Bible	1
Teddy Roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible	Roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible.	1
Teddy Roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible	Roosevelt's inaugural oath was so rushed no one thought to find a bible	1
The Cowboys gave the Packers the ball back with 35 seconds remaining , but that was all they needed to win the game	The Cowboys gave the Packers the ball back with 35 seconds remaining, but that was all they needed to win the game	1
The Cowboys gave the Packers the ball back with 35 seconds remaining , but that was all they needed to win the game	With 35 seconds remaining, the Cowboys gave the Packers the ball back but that was all they needed to win the game	1
The Cowboys gave the Packers the ball back with 35 seconds remaining , but that was all they needed to win the game	The Cowboys gave the Packers the ball back with 35 seconds remaining, but that was all they needed to win the game.	1
The Cowboys gave the Packers the ball back with 35 seconds remaining , but that was all they needed to win the game	The Cowboys gave the Packers the ball with 35 seconds remaining, but that was all they needed to win the game	1
Meryl Streep railed against Trump in a powerful , tearful Golden Globes speech	Meryl Streep denounces Donald Trump in powerful, tearful Golden Globes speech	1
Meryl Streep railed against Trump in a powerful , tearful Golden Globes speech	Meryl Streep railed against Trump in powerful, tearful Golden Globes speech	1
Seldom has the contrast between a outgoing president and his successor been so stark as they brush past each other	Seldom has the contrast between an outgoing president and his successor been so stark, when they brush past each other.	1
No Democrat should attend the inauguration . Here are the ones who might anyway	No Democrat Should Attend Inauguration. Here Are the Those Who Might Still Attend.	1
No Democrat should attend the inauguration . Here are the ones who might anyway	No Democrat Should Attend Inauguration. Here Are the Those Who Might Attend.	1
The iconic Boeing 747 jumbo jet is headed for US retirement this year	The iconic Boeing 747 jumbo jet is headed for US retirement this year.	1
The iconic Boeing 747 jumbo jet is headed for US retirement this year	The iconic Boeing 747 Jumbo Jet Is Heading for U.S. Retirement This Year	1
The iconic Boeing 747 jumbo jet is headed for US retirement this year	The iconic Boeing 747 Jumbo Jet Is Heading for US Retirement This Year	1
Federal prosecutors file charges against Santiago , he could face the death penalty	Federal prosecutors file charges against Santiago, he could face the death penalty	1
Only transparency now can save the Trump administration from death by 1,000 leaks	Only transparency can save the Trump Administration from death by 1,000 leaks.	1
I believe he knows how to build things . Women who voted for Trump , in their own words .	I believe he knows how to build things. Women who voted for #Trump, in Their Own Words	1
It's been a busy Tuesday . All of this actually happened , today	It's been a busy Tuesday, all of this actually happened today	1
It's been a busy Tuesday . All of this actually happened , today	It's been a busy Tuesday. All of this actually happened today.	1
It's been a busy Tuesday . All of this actually happened , today	Its been a busy Tuesday. All of this actually happened, today.	1
How Harvard got caught in the Obama administration's battle against predatory for-profit colleges	How Harvard got caught in Obama administration's battle against predatory for-profit schools	1
The White House press corps was stunned by reports that the Trump administration might eject them from the West Wing	The White House press corps was stunned by reports that the Trump administration might eject them from the West Wing.	1
Obama at surprise Biden send-off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .	Obama at surprise Biden send-off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance.	1
Obama at surprise Biden send-off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .	Obama at Biden surprise Send-Off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance	1
Obama at surprise Biden send-off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .	Obama at surprise Biden send-off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance	1
Obama at surprise Biden send-off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .	Obama at surprise Biden send-off, this also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance.	1
Obama at surprise Biden send-off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .	Obama at Biden surprise send-off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance	1
Obama at surprise Biden send-off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .	Obama at surprise Biden send-off -This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance.	1
Obama at surprise Biden send-off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .	Obama at surprise Biden, Send-Off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance	1
Obama at surprise Biden send-off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .	Obama at surprise Biden send-off: This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance	1
Obama at surprise Biden send-off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .	Obama at Biden surprise Send-Off. It also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance	1
Obama at surprise Biden send-off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .	Obama at Biden Surprise Send-Off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance	1
Obama at surprise Biden send-off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .	Obama at Biden surprise Send-Off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance.	1
Obama at surprise Biden send-off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance .	Obama at surprise Biden - Send-Off This also gives the Internet one last chance to talk about our bromance	1
Two controversial abortion bills in Kentucky have been passed by the Republican-led state legislature	Two controversial abortion bills in Kentucky have been passed by the Republican-led Kentucky State Legislature	1
For decades , hotels across the former Soviet Union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the KGB	For decades, hotels in the former Soviet Union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the KGB	1
For decades , hotels across the former Soviet Union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the KGB	For decades, hotels across the former Soviet Union were outfitted by the KGB with bugging devices and cameras.	1
For decades , hotels across the former Soviet Union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the KGB	For decades, hotels in the former Soviet Union were equipped with KGB bugging devices and camera.	1
For decades , hotels across the former Soviet Union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the KGB	For decades hotels across the former Soviet Union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the KGB	1
For decades , hotels across the former Soviet Union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the KGB	For decades, hotels across the former Soviet Union were equipped with Bugging Devices and Cameras by the KGB	1
For decades , hotels across the former Soviet Union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the KGB	For decades, hotels across the former Soviet Union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the KGB.	1
For decades , hotels across the former Soviet Union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the KGB	For decades, hotels across the former Soviet Union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the KGB	1
For decades , hotels across the former Soviet Union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the KGB	For decades, hotels across the former Soviet Union were equipped by the KGB with bugging devices and cameras.	1
For decades , hotels across the former Soviet Union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the KGB	For decades hotels across the former Soviet Union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the KGB.	1
For decades , hotels across the former Soviet Union were equipped with bugging devices and cameras by the KGB	For decades, hotels across the former Soviet Union were equipped with KGB bugging devices and cameras.	1
Jennifer Holliday will no longer sing for Trump after finding out her performance was heartbreaking to her gay fans	Jennifer Holliday Says No to Sing for Donald Trump After Finding Out Her Performance Was Heartbreaking to Gay Fans	1
Jennifer Holliday will no longer sing for Trump after finding out her performance was heartbreaking to her gay fans	Jennifer Holliday Will No Longer Sing For Trump After Findout Her Performance Was Heartbreaking to Gay Fans	1
Jennifer Holliday will no longer sing for Trump after finding out her performance was heartbreaking to her gay fans	Jennifer Holliday Discontinues to Sing for Trump After Finding Out Her Performance Was Heinous to Gay Fans	1
Jennifer Holliday will no longer sing for Trump after finding out her performance was heartbreaking to her gay fans	Jennifer Holliday Will No Longer Sing For Trump After Finding Out Her Performance Was Heartbreaking to Gay Fans	1
Asian-American men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . Why is Steve Harvey joining in now ?	Asian-American Men Have Long Been Stereotypical as Not Manly. Why Is Steve Harvey Joining In?	1
Asian-American men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . Why is Steve Harvey joining in now ?	Asian-American men have long been stereotyped as not masculine. Why is Steve Harvey joining in now?	1
Asian-American men have long been stereotyped as not masculine . Why is Steve Harvey joining in now ?	Asian-American Men Have Long Been Stereotyped as Not Manly. Why is Steve Harvey Joining in now?	1
Cities need a movement against conservative meddling . Tallahassee just started it	Cities Need a Movement Against Conservative Meddling. Tallahassee Just Started It.	1
Cities need a movement against conservative meddling . Tallahassee just started it	Cities need a movement against conservative meddling. Tallahassee just started it.	1
At his HUD hearing , Ben Carson displayed he knows nothing about HUD	At His HUD Hearing, Ben Carson Displayed He Knows Nothing About HUD	1
At his HUD hearing , Ben Carson displayed he knows nothing about HUD	Ben Carson, in his HUD hearing, displayed that he knows nothing about HUD	1
The Senate confirmation hearing for Scott Pruitt as next EPA chief is underway .	The Senate confirmation hearing for Scott Pruitt is underway as next EPA Chief	1
Oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country	Oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country.	1
Oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country	Oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the U.S.	1
Oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country	Oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the United States.	1
Oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country	Oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the US.	1
Oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country	Oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the USA.	1
Oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the country	Oregon has one of the worst criminal justice systems in the US	1
If you have an inquisitive mind and a strong stomach , #BestCarcass is the hashtag for you	If you have an inquisitive mind and a strong stomach, this is the #BestCarcass hashtag for you.	1
If you have an inquisitive mind and a strong stomach , #BestCarcass is the hashtag for you	If you have an inquisitive mind and a strong stomach, then this #BestCarcass is the #Hashtag.	1
If you have an inquisitive mind and a strong stomach , #BestCarcass is the hashtag for you	If you have an inquisitive mind and a strong stomach, then #BestCarcass is the #Hashtag for you	1
La La Land has swept the board at the 7 wins from 7 nominations	La La Land Sweeps the Board at 7 Wins From 7 Nominations.	1
La La Land has swept the board at the 7 wins from 7 nominations	La La Land has swept the board at 7 wins from 7 nominations	1
Jeff Sessions just said he'd prosecute porn . Trump appeared in multiple porns .	Jeff Sessions Just Said He'd Prosecute Porn. Donald Trump appeared in Multiple Porns	1
Jeff Sessions just said he'd prosecute porn . Trump appeared in multiple porns .	Jeff Sessions just said he'd prosecute porn. Trump appeared in multiple porns.	1
Jeff Sessions just said he'd prosecute porn . Trump appeared in multiple porns .	Jeff Sessions Just Said He'd Prosecute Porn. Trump Appeared in Multiple Porns.	1
Donald Trump has selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern American history	Trump picks what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern American history	1
Donald Trump has selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern American history	Donald Trump has chosen what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern American history.	1
Donald Trump has selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern American history	Trump has chosen what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern American history.	1
Donald Trump has selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern American history	Trump picks what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern American history.	1
Donald Trump has selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern American history	Donald Trump Selects Cabinet That Would Be the Wealthiest in Modern American History.	1
Donald Trump has selected what would be the wealthiest cabinet in modern American history	Donald Trump Selects What Would Be the Wealthiest Cabinet in Modern American History	1
Harborview Medical Center says Mount Vernon , Wash officer shot ' remains critical in intensive care	Harborview Medical Center says Mount Vernon, Wash Officer shot'remains critical in intensive care	1
Harborview Medical Center says Mount Vernon , Wash officer shot ' remains critical in intensive care	Harborview Medical Center says Mount Vernon, Wash, Police Officer shot'remains critical in intensive care	1
Harborview Medical Center says Mount Vernon , Wash officer shot ' remains critical in intensive care	Harborview Medical Center says Mount Vernon, Wash officer shot'remains critical in intensive care	1
Nutella maker fights back over claims palm oil in the spread can cause cancer	Nutella maker fights back over claims palm oil in spread can cause cancer	1
Trump shrugs off Dems ' inauguration boycott I hope they give me their tickets	Donald Trump shrugs off Dems inauguration boycott. 'I hope they give me their tickets.	1
Trump shrugs off Dems ' inauguration boycott I hope they give me their tickets	Donald Trump shrugs off Dems inauguration boycott, saying, " I hope they give me their tickets	1
Trump shrugs off Dems ' inauguration boycott I hope they give me their tickets	Trump shrugs off Dems inauguration boycott " Hope they give me their tickets	1
Trump shrugs off Dems ' inauguration boycott I hope they give me their tickets	Trump shrugs off Dems inauguration boycott'hope they give me their tickets	1
Trump shrugs off Dems ' inauguration boycott I hope they give me their tickets	Trump shrugs off Dems inauguration boycott I hope they give me their tickets	1
Intel chiefs told Trump that Russia may have compromising but unsubstantiated information about his personal life	Intel chiefs told Trump Russia may have compromising but unsubstantiated information about his personal life	1
Intel chiefs told Trump that Russia may have compromising but unsubstantiated information about his personal life	Intel chiefs told Trump Russia may have compromising but unsubstantiated information about his personal life.	1
Intel chiefs told Trump that Russia may have compromising but unsubstantiated information about his personal life	Intel chiefs told Trump that Russia may have compromising but unsubstantiated information about his personal life.	1
Intel chiefs told Trump that Russia may have compromising but unsubstantiated information about his personal life	Intel chiefs told Trump Russia may have compromising, but unsubstantiated, information about his personal life	1
We don't want to commit taxpayer funding to an organization providing abortions	We don't want to commit taxpayer funding to an organization providing abortion	1
We don't want to commit taxpayer funding to an organization providing abortions	We don't want to commit taxpayer money to an organization providing abortions	1
We don't want to commit taxpayer funding to an organization providing abortions	We don't want to commit taxpayer funding to an organization providing abortions.	1
Gene Cernan , the astronaut known for his daring and the last man to walk on the moon , has died at 82	Gene Cernan, the astronaut known for his daring and the last man to walk on the moon, dies at 82	1
Man Attempts to Light Himself on Fire in DC to Protest Trump's Election	Man Attempts to Light Himself on Fire in D.C. to Protest Trump's Election	1
Man Attempts to Light Himself on Fire in DC to Protest Trump's Election	One man attempted to light himself on fire in DC to protest Trump's election	1
Man Attempts to Light Himself on Fire in DC to Protest Trump's Election	Man Attempts to Light Himself on Fire in DC Protest Trump's Election	1
Why the Buzzfeed debacle damaged journalism and handed Trump a gift	Why the Buzzfeed debacle damaged journalism and gave Trump a gift	1
Donald Trump appears determined to violate the Constitution on his first day	Donald Trump appears determined to violate the Constitution on his first day as President	1
Donald Trump appears determined to violate the Constitution on his first day	Donald Trump appears determined to violate the Constitution on his first day in office	1
President Obama commutes the sentence of WikiLeaks leaker Chelsea Manning .	President Obama commutes sentence of WikiLeaks leaker Chelsea Manning	1
President Obama commutes the sentence of WikiLeaks leaker Chelsea Manning .	President Obama commutes sentences of WikiLeaks leaker Chelsea Manning	1
It was " appropriate " for the US to abstain in a UN vote on Israeli settlements	It was " appropriate " for the US to abstain from a UN vote on Israeli settlements	1
It was " appropriate " for the US to abstain in a UN vote on Israeli settlements	It was'appropriate'for the US to abstain from a UN vote on Israeli settlements.	1
Jeff Sessions fights for racist outcomes . Who cares whats in his heart ?	Jeff Sessions Defends for Racist Outcomes. Who Cares Whats in His Heart?	1
Bernie Sanders asked Price if he viewed health care as " a right . Were a compassionate society	Bernie Sanders asked Bernie Price if he sees health care as'a right and were a compassionate society	1
Bernie Sanders asked Price if he viewed health care as " a right . Were a compassionate society	Bernie Sanders asks Price if he sees health care as'a right. Were a compassionate society	1
Bernie Sanders asked Price if he viewed health care as " a right . Were a compassionate society	Bernie Sanders was asked by Price if he viewed health care as 'a right. Were a compassionate society.	1
Bernie Sanders asked Price if he viewed health care as " a right . Were a compassionate society	Bernie Sanders asked Bernie Price if he viewed health care as'a right Were a compassionate society	1
Bernie Sanders asked Price if he viewed health care as " a right . Were a compassionate society	Bernie Sanders asked Price if he viewed health care as'a right. Were a compassionate society	1
Bernie Sanders asked Price if he viewed health care as " a right . Were a compassionate society	Bernie Sanders Asks Price if he sees health care as'a right. Were a compassionate society '.	1
Bernie Sanders asked Price if he viewed health care as " a right . Were a compassionate society	Bernie Sanders Asks Price if he sees health care as'a right. Were a compassionate society	1
Bernie Sanders asked Price if he viewed health care as " a right . Were a compassionate society	Bernie Sanders Asks Price if he Views Health Care as'a Right. Were a compassionate society	1
Bernie Sanders asked Price if he viewed health care as " a right . Were a compassionate society	Bernie Sanders asks Price if he views health care as'a right. Were a compassionate society.	1
Bernie Sanders asked Price if he viewed health care as " a right . Were a compassionate society	Bernie Sanders Asks Price If He Views Health Care as'a Right. Were a Compassionate Society.	1
Bernie Sanders asked Price if he viewed health care as " a right . Were a compassionate society	Bernie Sanders asks Price if he sees health care as'a right '. Were a compassionate society	1
Bernie Sanders asked Price if he viewed health care as " a right . Were a compassionate society	Bernie Sanders Asks Price if Health Care Is'a Right'Were a Compassionate Society	1
Bernie Sanders asked Price if he viewed health care as " a right . Were a compassionate society	Bernie Sanders asked Bernie Price if he saw health care as'a right. Were a compassionate society	1
Bernie Sanders asked Price if he viewed health care as " a right . Were a compassionate society	Bernie Sanders Asks Price if he Sees Health Care as'a Right. Were a compassionate society	1
Bernie Sanders asked Price if he viewed health care as " a right . Were a compassionate society	Bernie Sanders Asks Price If he Sees Health Care as'a Right. Were a Compassionate Society	1
Bernie Sanders asked Price if he viewed health care as " a right . Were a compassionate society	Bernie Sanders asked Bernie Price if he sees health care as'a right. Were a compassionate society	1
Moving U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem is ' red line , ' Jordan warns	Moving US Embassy to Jerusalem is'red line,'says Jordan	1
Moving U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem is ' red line , ' Jordan warns	Moving US Embassy to Jerusalem Is'Red Line,'Jordan warns	1
Moving U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem is ' red line , ' Jordan warns	Moving US Embassy to Jerusalem is'red line,'Jordan warns	1
Moving U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem is ' red line , ' Jordan warns	Moving US embassy to Jerusalem is the'red line,'Jordan warns	1
Moving U.S. Embassy to Jerusalem is ' red line , ' Jordan warns	Moving US embassy to Jerusalem is'red line,'warns Jordan.	1
That big 3 column headline on the front of the NYT . a stomach-churning moment in history .	A big three column headline at the front of the NYT. A stomach-churning moment in history.	1
Because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs	This is true, because of the student debt, millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneur	1
Because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs	Due to college debt, millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs	1
Because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs	Due to student debt, millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs	1
Because of student debt , millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs	Because of student loan debt, millennials seem to be the new lost generation of entrepreneurs	1
Booker breaks with precedent to testify against Sessions and earns Republican rebuke	Booker breaks with precedent to testify against Sessions, earns Republican rebuke!	1
Senators wary of only repealing ObamaCare adds to GOP's dismantle travails	Senate Wary of Only Repeal of ObamaCare Adds to GOP's Dismantle Travails	1
Senators wary of only repealing ObamaCare adds to GOP's dismantle travails	Senate GOP wary of only repealing ObamaCare Adds to GOP's dismantle travails	1
Senators wary of only repealing ObamaCare adds to GOP's dismantle travails	Senators wary of only repealing ObamaCare add to GOP's dismantle travails	1
Senators wary of only repealing ObamaCare adds to GOP's dismantle travails	Senators Wary of Only Repeal of ObamaCare Add to GOP's Dismantle Travails	1
In a break with precedent , Trump's transition staff is denying extensions to Obama envoys past Inauguration Day	In a Break With Precedent, Trump Transition Staff Denies Extensions to Obama Envoys Past Inauguration Day	1
In a break with precedent , Trump's transition staff is denying extensions to Obama envoys past Inauguration Day	In a Break With Precedent, Trump Transition Staff Denies Extensions for Obama Envoys Past Inauguration Day	1
In a break with precedent , Trump's transition staff is denying extensions to Obama envoys past Inauguration Day	In Break With Precedent, Trump Transition Staff Denies Extensions to Obama Envoys Past Inauguration Day	1
In a break with precedent , Trump's transition staff is denying extensions to Obama envoys past Inauguration Day	In Break With Precedent, Trump's Transition Staff Denies Extensions to Obama Envoys Past Inauguration Day	1
Americans want to buy cheaper meds from Canada . Why did 12 Dems vote against it ?	Americans Want to Buy Cheaper Medicine From Canada. Why Did 12 Dems Vote Against This?	1
Americans want to buy cheaper meds from Canada . Why did 12 Dems vote against it ?	Americans Want to Buy Cheaper Meds From Canada. Why Did 12 Democrats Vote Against It?	1
Americans want to buy cheaper meds from Canada . Why did 12 Dems vote against it ?	Americans want to buy cheaper meds from Canada. Why did 12 Democrats vote against it?	1
Americans want to buy cheaper meds from Canada . Why did 12 Dems vote against it ?	Americans want to buy cheaper meds from Canada Why did 12 Democrats vote against it?	1
Americans want to buy cheaper meds from Canada . Why did 12 Dems vote against it ?	Americans Want to Buy Cheaper Medicine From Canada. Why Did 12 Dems Vote Against It?	1
Americans want to buy cheaper meds from Canada . Why did 12 Dems vote against it ?	Americans Want to Buy Cheaper Meds From Canada. Why Did 12 Dems Vote Against It?	1
This female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male	Female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male	1
This female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male	Female zebra shark shocks scientists by giving birth without a male	1
This female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male	Female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without male	1
This female zebra shark shocked scientists by giving birth without a male	Female zebra shark shocks scientists by giving birth without male	1
All I know is whats on the internet . How Trump harnesses the power of fake news	What I Know Is Whats on the Internet. How Trump harnesses the power of fake news	1
Government report finds it cost $ 233,610 * to raise a child	A government report found it cost $ 233,610 to raise a child.	1
An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you , Im indebted to your friendship , Im indebted to your family .	An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you, Im indebted to your friendship, Im indebted to your family.	1
An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you , Im indebted to your friendship , Im indebted to your family .	An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you, Im indebted to your friendship, Im indebted to your family	1
An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you , Im indebted to your friendship , Im indebted to your family .	An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to You, Im indebted to your friendship, Im indebted to your family.	1
An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you , Im indebted to your friendship , Im indebted to your family .	An emotional biden to Obama: Im indebted to you, Im indebted to your friendship, Im indebted to your family.	1
An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you , Im indebted to your friendship , Im indebted to your family .	An emotional biden to Obama: Im indebted to you, Im indebted to your friendship, Im indebted to your family	1
An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you , Im indebted to your friendship , Im indebted to your family .	An emotional biden to Obama Im indebted to you, Im indebted to your friendship, Im indebted to your family.	1
An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you , Im indebted to your friendship , Im indebted to your family .	An emotional Biden to Obama Im Indebted to You, Im Indebted to Your Friendship, Im Indebted to Your Families.	1
An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you , Im indebted to your friendship , Im indebted to your family .	An emotional Biden to Obama Im Indebted to You, Im Indebted to Your Friendship, Im Indebted to Your Families	1
An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you , Im indebted to your friendship , Im indebted to your family .	An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you, Im indebted to your friends, Im indebted to your family.	1
An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you , Im indebted to your friendship , Im indebted to your family .	An emotional Biden to Obama, Im indebted to you, Im indebted to your friendship, Im indebted to your family.	1
An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you , Im indebted to your friendship , Im indebted to your family .	An emotional Biden to Obama Im Indebted to You, Im Indebted to Your Friendship, Im Indebted to Your Family	1
An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you , Im indebted to your friendship , Im indebted to your family .	An emotional Biden to Obama. Im indebted to you, Im indebted to your friendship, Im indebted to your family.	1
An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you , Im indebted to your friendship , Im indebted to your family .	An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you, Im indebted to your family, Im indebted to your friends.	1
An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you , Im indebted to your friendship , Im indebted to your family .	An emotional Biden to Obama: Im indebted to you, Im indebted to your friendship, Im indebted to your family	1
An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you , Im indebted to your friendship , Im indebted to your family .	An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you, Im indebted to your family, Im indebted to your friendship.	1
An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you , Im indebted to your friendship , Im indebted to your family .	An emotional Biden to Obama, Im Indebted to You, Im indebted to Your Friends, Im Indebted to Your Families.	1
An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you , Im indebted to your friendship , Im indebted to your family .	An emotional Biden to Obama: Im indebted to you, Im indebted to your friendship, Im indebted to your family.	1
An emotional Biden to Obama Im indebted to you , Im indebted to your friendship , Im indebted to your family .	An emotional Biden to Obama : Im indebted to you, Im indebted to your friendship, Im indebted to your family.	1
YouTube adds new in-app messaging feature on iOS and Android in Canada	YouTube announces new in-app messaging feature on iOS and Android in Canada	1
O'Reilly: $500K Raised for AL Band to Attend Inauguration ' A Repudiation of Race-Baiters	O'Reilly: $500K Raised for AL Band to Attend Inauguration'Repudiation of Race-Baiters	1
O'Reilly: $500K Raised for AL Band to Attend Inauguration ' A Repudiation of Race-Baiters	O'Reilly: $500K Raised for AL Band to Attend Inauguration'Repudiation of Race-Baiters'	1
The President of the AFL-CIO met with Donald Trump today .	The president of the AFL-CIO met today with Donald Trump.	1
The President of the AFL-CIO met with Donald Trump today .	The president of the AFL-CIO met with Trump today.	1
The President of the AFL-CIO met with Donald Trump today .	The President of AFL-CIO met with Donald Trump today.	1
The President of the AFL-CIO met with Donald Trump today .	The president of AFL-CIO met today with Donald Trump	1
The President of the AFL-CIO met with Donald Trump today .	The President of the AFL-CIO met with President-elect Donald Trump today.	1
The President of the AFL-CIO met with Donald Trump today .	The president of AFL-CIO met today with Donald Trump.	1
The President of the AFL-CIO met with Donald Trump today .	The president of the AFL-CIO met today with President Donald Trump.	1
The President of the AFL-CIO met with Donald Trump today .	AFL-CIO President met with Donald Trump today.	1
The President of the AFL-CIO met with Donald Trump today .	The president of the AFL-CIO met with Donald Trump today.	1
I think it was Russia Donald Trump on US hacking before the US election	I think it was Russia'Donald Trump on US hacking'before the US election.	1
I think it was Russia Donald Trump on US hacking before the US election	I think it was Russia Mr. Trump on US hacking before the election.	1
Woman asks Paul Ryan Do you think I should be deported ?	woman asks Paul Ryan, " Do you think I should be deported?	1
Woman asks Paul Ryan Do you think I should be deported ?	Woman Asks Paul Ryan: Do you think I should be deported?	1
Woman asks Paul Ryan Do you think I should be deported ?	One woman asks Paul Ryan: Do you think I should be deported?	1
Woman asks Paul Ryan Do you think I should be deported ?	Woman asks Paul Ryan, do you think I should be deported?	1
Woman asks Paul Ryan Do you think I should be deported ?	Woman asks Paul Ryan Do you think I should be deported?	1
A number of Democratic lawmakers said they will not attend Trump's inauguration after he criticized John Lewis	Some Democratic lawmakers say they will not attend Trump's inauguration after he criticized John Lewis	1
A number of Democratic lawmakers said they will not attend Trump's inauguration after he criticized John Lewis	A number of Democratic lawmakers have said they will not attend Trump's inauguration after criticizing John Lewis	1
Trump pushes the US Embassy move in Israel , from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , even as opposition builds	Trump pushes US Embassy move in Israel, from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, even as opposition builds	1
Trump pushes the US Embassy move in Israel , from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , even as opposition builds	Donald Trump pushes US Embassy move to Israel, from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, even as opposition builds	1
Trump pushes the US Embassy move in Israel , from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , even as opposition builds	Trump pushes US Embassy move in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, as opposition builds	1
Trump pushes the US Embassy move in Israel , from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , even as opposition builds	Donald Trump pushes US Embassy move in Israel from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, even as opposition builds	1
Trump pushes the US Embassy move in Israel , from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , even as opposition builds	Trump pushes the US Embassy move to Israel, from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, even as opposition builds	1
Trump pushes the US Embassy move in Israel , from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem , even as opposition builds	Trump pushes US Embassy move in Israel, from Tel Aviv to Jerusalem, as opposition builds	1
Not since Lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as Barack Obama	Obama, Not Since Lincoln, Has There Been a President As Fundamentally shaped by Reading and Writing, As Barack Obama	1
Not since Lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as Barack Obama	Not since Lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as Obama.	1
Not since Lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as Barack Obama	Not since Lincoln has there been a president as fundamentally shaped by reading and writing as Barack Obama.	1
Only " stupid " people think warm ties with Russia are a bad thing	Only stupid people think warm ties with Russia are bad	1
Only " stupid " people think warm ties with Russia are a bad thing	Only stupid'people think warm ties with Russia is a bad thing.	1
Clinton Global Initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations	Clinton Global Initiative to lay off staff, shut down amid dwindling donations	1
Clinton Global Initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations	Clinton Global Initiative to lay off employees and shut down, amid dwindling donations	1
Clinton Global Initiative to lay off employees , shut down amid dwindling donations	Clinton Global Initiative to lay off employees, shut down amid dwindling donations	1
Scientists create 3D-printed objects that can change shape after they're printed	Scientists create 3D-printed objects that can change shape after printing	1
Scientists create 3D-printed objects that can change shape after they're printed	Scientists create 3D-printed objects that change shape after they're printed	1
Scientists create 3D-printed objects that can change shape after they're printed	Scientists create 3D-printed objects that can change shape after being printed	1
Scientists create 3D-printed objects that can change shape after they're printed	Scientists make 3D-printed objects that can change shape after being printed.	1
Politics is " never-ending struggleuntil the rapture , " says Trumps pick for the CIA	Politics is'never-ending struggleuntil the rapture,' says Trumps pick for the CIA	1
Politics is " never-ending struggleuntil the rapture , " says Trumps pick for the CIA	Politics is a " never-ending struggleuntil the rapture, " say Trumps pick for the CIA.	1
Politics is " never-ending struggleuntil the rapture , " says Trumps pick for the CIA	Politics is " never-ending struggleuntil the rapture " says Trumps pick for CIA.	1
Paul Ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous Obamacare " repeal and replace	Ryan, Under Growing Pressure, Advocates for Simultaneous Obamacare " Repeal and Replace	1
Paul Ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous Obamacare " repeal and replace	Paul Ryan, under increasing pressure, advocates simultaneous Obamacare'repeal and replace	1
Paul Ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous Obamacare " repeal and replace	Paul Ryan, under growing pressure, advocates simultaneous Obamacare " repeal and replace	1
Paul Ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous Obamacare " repeal and replace	Paul Ryan, Under Growing Pressure, Advocates for Simultaneous Obamacare'Repeal and Replace	1
Paul Ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous Obamacare " repeal and replace	Paul Ryan, under growing pressure, advocates simultaneous Obamacare'repeal and replace	1
Paul Ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous Obamacare " repeal and replace	Ryan, under increasing pressure, advocates simultaneous Obamacare " repeal and replace	1
Paul Ryan , under growing pressure , advocates for simultaneous Obamacare " repeal and replace	Ryan, under growing pressure, advocates simultaneous Obamacare'repeal and replace	1
Trump's press conference is over . Our fact-check isn't . There's a lot to unpack .	Donald Trump's PR conference is over. Our fact-check isn't. There's a lot to unpack.	1
Trump's press conference is over . Our fact-check isn't . There's a lot to unpack .	Trump's Press Conference Is Over. Our Fact-Check Isnt. There's a Lot to Unpack.	1
Trump is lost , wandering in a labyrinth of lies and trying to drag the country in with him	Trump is lost, wandering in a labyrinth of lies and trying to drag the country in with him.	1
Trump is lost , wandering in a labyrinth of lies and trying to drag the country in with him	Trump is lost, wandering in a labyrinth of lies and trying to drag the country with him.	1
Trump is lost , wandering in a labyrinth of lies and trying to drag the country in with him	Trump Is Lost, Wandering in a Labyrinth of Lies and Trying to Drag the Country In With Him	1
Trump labor pick Andrew Puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination	Trump Labor Pick Andrew Puzder had second thoughts on nomination	1
Trump labor pick Andrew Puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination	Trump's labor pick, Andrew Puzder, has voiced second thoughts about nomination	1
Trump labor pick Andrew Puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination	Trump labor pick Andrew Puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination.	1
Trump labor pick Andrew Puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination	Trump Labor Pick Andrew Puzder Says Second Thoughts About Nomination	1
Trump labor pick Andrew Puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination	Trump Labor Pick Andrew Puzder Has 2nd Thoughts About Nomination	1
Trump labor pick Andrew Puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination	Trump Labor Pick Andrew Puzder Has Expresses Second Thoughts About Nomination	1
Trump labor pick Andrew Puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination	Trump labor pick, Andrew Puzder, has voiced second thoughts about nomination	1
Trump labor pick Andrew Puzder has voiced second thoughts about nomination	Trump Labor Pick Andrew Puzder Has Second Thoughts About Nomination	1
Donald Trump begins his first news conference as President-elect . Watch live on @CNNgo	Trump starts first news conference as President-Elect. Watch live on cnngo	1
Donald Trump begins his first news conference as President-elect . Watch live on @CNNgo	Trump starts his first news conference as President-elect. Watch live on @CNNGo	1
The Falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . Their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .	The Falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium, the owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood.	1
The Falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . Their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .	The Falcons are building a stadium $1.5 Billion and their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood.	1
The Falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . Their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .	The Falcons are building a stadium worth $1.5Billion. Their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood.	1
The Falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . Their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .	The Falcons are building a stadium of $1.5 Billion, and their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood.	1
The Falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . Their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .	The Atlanta Falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium. Their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood.	1
The Falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . Their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .	The Falcons are building a stadium for $1.5 billion. The owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood.	1
The Falcons are building a $1.5 billion stadium . Their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood .	The Falcons are building a $1.5Billion stadium, their owner is trying to rebuild a neighborhood.	1
Cavuto to CNN You're Experiencing What We've Been Living for Last 8 Years	Cavuto tells CNN You're Experiencing What We've Been Living for Last 8 Years	1
Cavuto to CNN You're Experiencing What We've Been Living for Last 8 Years	Cavuto on CNN You're Experiencing What We've Been Living for Last 8 Years	1
Jedi Scott became known in his neighborhood as " the Obama baby . Today , he is 8 years old .	Jedi Scott became known in his neighborhood as the Obama baby and is today eight years old.	1
Jedi Scott became known in his neighborhood as " the Obama baby . Today , he is 8 years old .	Jedi Scott became known as the Obama baby in his neighborhood and is now 8 years old.	1
Jedi Scott became known in his neighborhood as " the Obama baby . Today , he is 8 years old .	Jedi Scott became known as the " Obama Baby " in his neighborhood, today he's 8 years old.	1
Democrats opted to use Jeff Sessions's hearing to establish the legal boundaries of a Donald Trump administration	Democrats chose Jeff Sessions's hearing as a way to establish the legal boundaries of Trump Administration.	1
Many organizations have no idea that their ads may end up next to content they find abhorrent	Many organizations don't know their ads might appear next to abhorrent content.	1
Many organizations have no idea that their ads may end up next to content they find abhorrent	Many organizations have no idea that their ads may end up next to or near to the content they find repulsive.	1
The average college degree pays off by age 34 , according to a new report	The average college degree pays off by age 34, according to a new report by.	1
The average college degree pays off by age 34 , according to a new report	A new study reveals the average college degree pays off by age 34.	1
The average college degree pays off by age 34 , according to a new report	An average college degree pays off by age 34, a new report shows	1
BBC reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising Trump tapes	BBC Reporter Says Other Intelligence Agents Were aware of compromising Trump Tapes	1
BBC reporter says other intelligence agents knew of compromising Trump tapes	BBC News correspondent says other intelligence agents knew of compromising Trump tapes	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The USA did not want the " marielitos " and neither did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	U.S. did not want the " marielitos, nor did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The U.S. did not want the " marielitos ". Nor did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The United States did not want the " marielitos ', neither did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The United States did not want the'marielitos ', nor did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The United States did not want the " marielitos ". Nor did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The United States did not want the Marielitos '', nor did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The United States did not want the " marielitos. Nor did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The United States did not want the " marielitos ", nor did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The US did not want the " marielitos ". Nor did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The U.S. did not want the " marielitos ", neither did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The United States did not want the " marielitos'and neither did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The US did not want the " marielitos, " nor Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The United States did not want the marielitos '', nor did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The United States did not want the  marielitos '', nor did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The U.S. did not want the'marielitos '. Nor did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The United States did not want the " marielitos,'nor Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The U.S. did not want the " marielitos ", nor did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The US did not want the'marielitos ', nor did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The US did not want the'marielitos,' nor did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The U.S. did not want the'marielitos ', nor did Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
The U.S. did not want the " marielitos . Nor did Cuba , which refused to take them back .	The United States did not want the " marielitos, " nor Cuba, which refused to take them back.	1
Michelle Obama fought back tears during her last public remarks as first lady	Michelle Obama fought back tears during her last public comments as first lady	1
Japanese scientists establish identity of " missing element " within Earth's core .	Japanese scientists establish identity of'missing element'within Earth's core	1
Japanese scientists establish identity of " missing element " within Earth's core .	Japanese scientists develop identity of " missing element " within Earth's core	1
Japanese scientists establish identity of " missing element " within Earth's core .	Japanese scientists establish identity of 'Missing Element '' in the core of Earth.	1
Japanese scientists establish identity of " missing element " within Earth's core .	Japanese scientists establish identity of'missing element'within Earths core.	1
Japanese scientists establish identity of " missing element " within Earth's core .	Japanese scientists establish a " missing element " within the core of Earth.	1
Japanese scientists establish identity of " missing element " within Earth's core .	Japanese scientists have established the identity of a " missing element " within the Earth core.	1
Japanese scientists establish identity of " missing element " within Earth's core .	Japanese scientists establish identity of  missing element   in Earth's core ''	1
Japanese scientists establish identity of " missing element " within Earth's core .	Japanese scientists determine identity of'missing element'within Earth's core	1
Japanese scientists establish identity of " missing element " within Earth's core .	Japanese scientists determine identity of " missing element " in Earth core.	1
Former Startup Battlefield company Trello has been acquired by Atlassian for $425M	Trello, the former startup Battlefield company, has been acquired by Atlassian for a reported $425M	1
U.S. Reacting at Analog Pace to a Rising Digital Risk , Hacking Report Shows	U.S. Reacting at Analog Pace to Rising Digital Risk, Hacking Report Shows	1
U.S. Reacting at Analog Pace to a Rising Digital Risk , Hacking Report Shows	U.S. Reacting at an Analog Pace to Rising Digital Risk, Hacking Report Shows	1
U.S. Reacting at Analog Pace to a Rising Digital Risk , Hacking Report Shows	U.S. Reacting at an Analog Pace to a Rising Digital Risk, Hacking Report Shows	1
U.S. Reacting at Analog Pace to a Rising Digital Risk , Hacking Report Shows	US Reacting at Analog Pace to Rising Digital Risk, Hacking Report Shows	1
U.S. Reacting at Analog Pace to a Rising Digital Risk , Hacking Report Shows	The United States is reacting at an analogue pace to a rising digital risk, hacking report shows	1
Trump slams outgoing CIA Director Brennan after claim Trump doesn't ' fully understand ' Russia threat	Trump Slams Outgoing CIA Director Brennan After Saying It Is Not'Fully Understand'Russian Threat	1
Trump slams outgoing CIA Director Brennan after claim Trump doesn't ' fully understand ' Russia threat	Trump slams outgoing CIA director Brennan over claim he doesn't'fully understand'Russia threat	1
Trump slams outgoing CIA Director Brennan after claim Trump doesn't ' fully understand ' Russia threat	Trump slams Outgoing CIA Director Brennan after saying Trump doesn't'fully understand'Russia threat	1
The FBI director said that Russian hackers had penetrated the Republican National Committee's computer records	FBI Director said Russian hackers had penetrated Republican National Committee's computer records	1
The FBI director said that Russian hackers had penetrated the Republican National Committee's computer records	FBI director says Russian hackers had accessed the Republican National Committee computer records	1
He heard that Marilyn Monroe would be in Manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . So he grabbed his camera .	But he heard that Marilyn Monroe would be filming scenes for her new movie in Manhattan, so he grabbed his camera.	1
He heard that Marilyn Monroe would be in Manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . So he grabbed his camera .	He heard that Marilyn Monroe would film for her new movie in Manhattan. So he grabbed his camera.	1
He heard that Marilyn Monroe would be in Manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . So he grabbed his camera .	So he grabbed his camera and heard that Marilyn Monroe would be in Manhattan filming scenes for her new film.	1
He heard that Marilyn Monroe would be in Manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . So he grabbed his camera .	He heard that Marilyn Monroe would film in Manhattan for her new movie, so he grabbed his camera.	1
He heard that Marilyn Monroe would be in Manhattan filming scenes for her new movie . So he grabbed his camera .	He heard that Marilyn Monroe would be in Manhattan filming scenes for her new movie, so he grabbed his camera.	1
How Paul Smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all	How Paul Smith Might Defeat Redistricting and Help Restore Equal Vote for All	1
How Paul Smith might defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all	How Paul Smith Might Beat Redistricting and Help Restore Equal Votes for All	1
Norway has become the first country to cease FM radio broadcasting	Norway is the first country to cease FM radio broadcasting.	1
Norway has become the first country to cease FM radio broadcasting	Norway is the first country to discontinue FM radio broadcasting.	1
Norway has become the first country to cease FM radio broadcasting	Norway is the first country in the world to cease FM radio broadcasting.	1
Norway has become the first country to cease FM radio broadcasting	Norway becomes first country to cease FM radio broadcasting	1
Norway has become the first country to cease FM radio broadcasting	Norway becomes the first country to cease FM radio broadcasting.	1
Ali Akbar Hashemi-Rafsanjani , the former president of Iran , dies at 82	Ali Akbar Hashemi-Rafsanjani, former Iran president, dies aged 82	1
Ali Akbar Hashemi-Rafsanjani , the former president of Iran , dies at 82	Akbar Hashemi-Rafsanjani, Former President of Iran, Dies at 82.	1
Ali Akbar Hashemi-Rafsanjani , the former president of Iran , dies at 82	Akbar Hashemi-Rafsanjani, Ex-President of Iran, Dies at 82	1
DA says teen killed as part of mom's ' rape-murder fantasy ' with boyfriend	DA says teen killed as part of mom's'rape-murder fantasy'with boyfriend.	1
DA says teen killed as part of mom's ' rape-murder fantasy ' with boyfriend	DA says the teenage was killed as part of mom's'rape-murder fantasy'with boyfriend.	1
DA says teen killed as part of mom's ' rape-murder fantasy ' with boyfriend	DA says teenage killed as part of mom's'rape-murder fantasy'with boyfriend.	1
DA says teen killed as part of mom's ' rape-murder fantasy ' with boyfriend	DA says teen killed as part of mom's'rape-murder fantasy'with boyfriend	1
DA says teen killed as part of mom's ' rape-murder fantasy ' with boyfriend	The DA says the teen was killed as part of mom's'rape-murder fantasy'with boyfriend	1
Fiat Chrysler to put $1 billion into US jobs and revive Jeep Wagoneer	Fiat Chrysler will invest $1 Billion in US jobs, and revive the Jeep Wagoneer	1
Harry Reid paid former staffer $ 7,000 from campaign funds to paint Capitol portrait	Harry Reid paid former staffer $ 7,000 from campaign funds to paint Capitol portrait.	1
Harry Reid paid former staffer $ 7,000 from campaign funds to paint Capitol portrait	Reid paid former staffer $ 7,000 from campaign funds to paint Capitol portrait	1
Harry Reid paid former staffer $ 7,000 from campaign funds to paint Capitol portrait	Harry Reid paid former staffer 7,000 from campaign funds to paint Capitol portrait	1
By the end Trump could just say " WikiLeaks " and a huge cheer would go up .	By the end, Trump could just say " WikiLeaks " and a huge cheer would go up.	1
By the end Trump could just say " WikiLeaks " and a huge cheer would go up .	By the end, Trump could just say'WikiLeaks'and a huge cheer would rise.	1
By the end Trump could just say " WikiLeaks " and a huge cheer would go up .	By the end, Trump could just say'WikiLeaks'and a huge cheer would go up.	1
By the end Trump could just say " WikiLeaks " and a huge cheer would go up .	By the end, Trump could just say'WikiLeaks'and a big cheer would go up.	1
By the end Trump could just say " WikiLeaks " and a huge cheer would go up .	By the end Trump could just say'WikiLeaks'and a huge cheer would go up.	1
By the end Trump could just say " WikiLeaks " and a huge cheer would go up .	At the end, Trump could just say " WikiLeaks " and a huge cheer would go up.	1
By the end Trump could just say " WikiLeaks " and a huge cheer would go up .	By the end, Trump could simply say " WikiLeaks " and a huge cheer would go up.	1
By the end Trump could just say " WikiLeaks " and a huge cheer would go up .	By the end, Trump could just say, " WikiLeaks " and a huge cheer would go up.	1
By the end Trump could just say " WikiLeaks " and a huge cheer would go up .	By the end, Trump could just say, WikiLeaks'and a huge cheer would go up.	1
By the end Trump could just say " WikiLeaks " and a huge cheer would go up .	By the end, Trump could just say, WikiLeaks, and a huge cheer would go up.	1
By the end Trump could just say " WikiLeaks " and a huge cheer would go up .	By the end Trump could just say " WikiLeaks " and a huge cheer would go up.	1
Betsy DeVoss education hearing quickly became a heated and partisan debate	Betsy DeVoss Education Hearing Quickly Became a Heinous, Partisan Debate	1
Why the declassified intel report on Russian hacking is bad for Trump	Why Declassified Intel Report on Russian Hacking Is Bad for Trump	1
Why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?	_why our recorded voices sound so weird to us?	1
Why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?	Why our recorded voices sound weird to us?	1
Why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?	Why Our Recorded Voices Sound Weird to Us.	1
Why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?	Why Do Our Recorded Voices Sound Weird to Us?	1
Why do our recorded voices sound so weird to us ?	Why our recorded voices sound so weird to us?	1
Donald Trump asked vaccine skeptic Robert F . Kennedy Jr. to head a commission on vaccines	Trump asked skeptic Robert F. Kennedy Jr. to head a vaccine commission	1
Mark Zuckerberg , making a rare court appearance , testified that Oculus didn't steal technology to make VR headsets	Mark Zuckerberg, Making a Rare Court Appointment, Testified That Oculus Didn't Steal Technology to Make VR Headsets.	1
Trump drops the inauguration announcer who's done the job since Eisenhower	Trump drops the inauguration announcer who's done job since Eisenhower.	1
Trump cabinet pick Scott Pruitt could be in charge of the industries that have helped advance his political career	Trump cabinet pick Scott Pruitt could be in charge of industries that have helped his political career	1
FBI chief James Comey is facing an internal investigation into his pre-election actions on the Clinton email case	FBI's James Comey Faces Internal Investigation Into His Pre-Election Actions on Clinton Email Case	1
Massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in Lakeland , Florida .	Massive Alligator Captured on Video Walking through Nature Reserve in Lakeland, Florida.	1
Massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in Lakeland , Florida .	Massive Alligator Captured on Video Walking Through Nature Reserve in Lakeland, Florida	1
Massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in Lakeland , Florida .	The massive alligator was spotted on video walking through a nature reserve in Lakeland, Florida.	1
Massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in Lakeland , Florida .	Massive alligator caught in video walking through nature reserve in Lakeland, Florida	1
Massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in Lakeland , Florida .	Huge alligator caught on video walking through Nature Preserve in Lakeland, Florida	1
Obama ' 09 Cabinet picks slid through ; Trump's face hold-up	Obama'09 Cabinet picks slid through, Trump's face hold-up	1
Obama ' 09 Cabinet picks slid through ; Trump's face hold-up	Obama'09 Cabinet Picks Slid Through ; Trump's Face Hold-up	1
Obama ' 09 Cabinet picks slid through ; Trump's face hold-up	Obama'09 Cabinet Picks Slid Through ; Trump's Face Hold-Up	1
Obama ' 09 Cabinet picks slid through ; Trump's face hold-up	Obama'09 Cabinet Picks Slid Through ; Trump Face Hold-up	1
People who have lived in D.C. for decades are used to change . Even they say the Trump transition feels different .	People in D.C. for decades are used to changes. Even they say Trump transition feels different.	1
People who have lived in D.C. for decades are used to change . Even they say the Trump transition feels different .	People who lived in Washington for decades now are used to it. Even they say the Trump transition feels different.	1
People who have lived in D.C. for decades are used to change . Even they say the Trump transition feels different .	People who have lived in DC for decades are used to change. Even they say the Trump transition feels different.	1
People who have lived in D.C. for decades are used to change . Even they say the Trump transition feels different .	People Whove Lived in D.C. For Decades Are Used to Change. Even They Say the Trump Transition Feels Different.	1
People who have lived in D.C. for decades are used to change . Even they say the Trump transition feels different .	People who have lived in DC for decades are used to change. Even they say Trump transition feels different.	1
People who have lived in D.C. for decades are used to change . Even they say the Trump transition feels different .	People who have lived in D.C. for decades are used to change. Even they say Trump transition feels different.	1
People who have lived in D.C. for decades are used to change . Even they say the Trump transition feels different .	People Who Have Lived in D.C. For Decades Are Used to Change. Even They Say the Trump Transition Feels Different.	1
People who have lived in D.C. for decades are used to change . Even they say the Trump transition feels different .	People who have lived in D.C. for decades are used to change. Even they say the Trump transition feels different.	1
People who have lived in D.C. for decades are used to change . Even they say the Trump transition feels different .	People who have lived in DC for decades are used to the change. Even they say the Trump transition feels different.	1
People who have lived in D.C. for decades are used to change . Even they say the Trump transition feels different .	People who have lived in #D.C. for decades are used to changing. Even they say the Trump transition feels different.	1
People who have lived in D.C. for decades are used to change . Even they say the Trump transition feels different .	People who have lived in D.C. for decades are used to it. Even they say Trump transition feels different.	1
Mexico has been a good neighbor to the United States , writes Enrique Krauze	Mexico is a good neighbor to the United States, writes Enrique Krauze	1
Mexico has been a good neighbor to the United States , writes Enrique Krauze	Mexico has been a good neighbor to the United States, writes Enrique Krauze	1
Mexico has been a good neighbor to the United States , writes Enrique Krauze	Mexico Is a Good Neighbor to the USA writes Enrique Krauze	1
Mexico has been a good neighbor to the United States , writes Enrique Krauze	Mexico'is a good neighbor to the United States, writes Enrique Krauze	1
Liberals , dont let Donald Trump tarnish L.L. Beans sterling brand reputation .	Liberals, Dont Let Donald Trump Tarnish L.L. Beans Sterling Brand Reputation.	1
Twitter is phasing out the " Buy " button , will continue to offer donations	Twitter is phasing out the " Buy " button, will continue to offer donations	1
Twitter is phasing out the " Buy " button , will continue to offer donations	Twitter is phasing out the #Buy button, will continue to offer donations	1
Twitter is phasing out the " Buy " button , will continue to offer donations	Twitter will eliminate the " Buy " button, and will continue to offer donations	1
We're only a few weeks into 2017 , but here's who Donald Trump has already criticised on Twitter	We're only a few weeks into 2017, but here's who Donald Trump has already criticised on Twitter	1
We're only a few weeks into 2017 , but here's who Donald Trump has already criticised on Twitter	We are only a few weeks into 2017, but here's who Donald Trump has already criticised on Twitter.	1
We're only a few weeks into 2017 , but here's who Donald Trump has already criticised on Twitter	We're only a few weeks into 2017, but heres who Donald Trump has already criticised on Twitter	1
THE UNION LABEL Groups give big in fight vs . Trump education pick	UNION LABEL Groups give big in fight vs. Trump Education Pick	1
THE UNION LABEL Groups give big in fight vs . Trump education pick	UNION LABEL Groups give big in fight vs. Trump. trump education pick	1
THE UNION LABEL Groups give big in fight vs . Trump education pick	UNION LABEL Groups give big in fight vs. Trump education pick	1
THE UNION LABEL Groups give big in fight vs . Trump education pick	The UNION LABEL Groups Give Big in Battle vs. Trump Education Pick	1
THE UNION LABEL Groups give big in fight vs . Trump education pick	UNION LABEL Groups Give Big in Battle Vs. Trump Education Pick	1
The wife of the Orlando nightclub gunman has been arrested by the FBI and charged with obstruction of justice	The wife of the Orlando Nightclub shooter has been arrested by the FBI and charged with obstructing justice	1
Kellyanne Conway will speak at an anti-abortion march the week after Donald Trump's inaugural	Kellyanne Conway will speak at anti-abortion march the week after Trump's inaugural	1
Dylann Roof , sentenced to death , showed no remorse for killing 9 at a black church in South Carolina	Dylann Roof, Convicted to Death, Shows No Remorse for Killing 9 Black Churches in South Carolina	1
What we know and what we don't know about the Trump intelligence report	What We Know and Don't Know About Trump Intelligence Report	1
Evidently , you don't need a voice assistant to lead the way in AI	Evidently, you don't need a voice assistant to lead the way in AI.	1
Evidently , you don't need a voice assistant to lead the way in AI	Clearly, you don't need a voice assistant to lead the way in AI!	1
Mexican President Enrique Pea Nieto Of course " we won't pay for Trump's wall	Of course, Mexican President Enrique Pea Nieto says we won't pay for Trump's wall.	1
Garth Brooks finally explains why he turned down #Trump inauguration gig	Garth Brooks finally explains why he turned down Trump inauguration gig	1
Former agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of FBI action .	former agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of FBI action	1
Former agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of FBI action .	Former agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of FBI action.	1
Former agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of FBI action .	Ex-FBI Agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of FBI action	1
Former agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of FBI action .	Former agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of action from FBI	1
Former agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of FBI action .	Ex-FBI agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of action	1
Jackie Evancho on performing at Trump's inauguration If people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason	Jackie Evancho On Performance at Trump's Inauguration : "If people are going to hate on me it's for the wrong reason	1
Suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in Tuscaloosa , Ala now in custody ; no reports of injuries .	Suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in Tuscaloosa, Ala. now in custody, no reports of injuries	1
Suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in Tuscaloosa , Ala now in custody ; no reports of injuries .	suspect accused of taking hostages at Tuscaloosa credit union, now in custody, no reports of injuries.	1
Suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in Tuscaloosa , Ala now in custody ; no reports of injuries .	Suspect accused of taking hostages at Credit Union in Tuscaloosa, Ala now in custody ; no reports of injuries	1
Suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in Tuscaloosa , Ala now in custody ; no reports of injuries .	Suspect accused of taking hostages at Tuscaloosa Credit Union in Alabama, now in custody. No reports of injuries	1
Suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in Tuscaloosa , Ala now in custody ; no reports of injuries .	Suspect accused of taking hostages at a Credit Union in Tuscaloosa, Ala now in custody. No reports of injuries	1
Suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in Tuscaloosa , Ala now in custody ; no reports of injuries .	Suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in Tuscaloosa, Ala now in custody, no reports of injuries	1
Suspect accused of taking hostages at credit union in Tuscaloosa , Ala now in custody ; no reports of injuries .	suspect accused of taking hostages at Credit Union in Tuscaloosa, Ala, now in custody ; no reports of injuries	1
To encourage creativity in kids , ask them " what if ?	To encourage creativity in kids, ask them what if	1
To encourage creativity in kids , ask them " what if ?	To Encourage Creativity in Kids, Ask Them What If	1
Before you used to see a sea of yellow ; now you see a sea of black . NYC's cabs are losing out to ride-hailing apps	Before You Used to See a Sea of Yellow, Now You See a Sea of Black New York City Cabs Are Losing Out on Ride-Hailing Apps	1
I know this has been said tonight , but to reiterate	I know this has been said tonight, but to reiterate	1
I know this has been said tonight , but to reiterate	I know this has been said tonight, but I want to reiterate	1
I know this has been said tonight , but to reiterate	I know this has been said tonight, but to reaffirm	1
I know this has been said tonight , but to reiterate	I know this has been said tonight, but just to reiterate	1
Pipedrive , a CRM platform to help SMBs sell more , closes $17M Series B led by Atomico	Pipedrive, a CRM platform to help SMBs sell more, closes $17M Series B led by Atomico	1
Pipedrive , a CRM platform to help SMBs sell more , closes $17M Series B led by Atomico	Pipedrive, a CRM platform to help SMBs sell more, closes $17M Series B, led by Atomico	1
As the first female U.S. ambassador to Japan , Caroline Kennedy's role transcended the embassy	As the first female US ambassador to Japan, Caroline Kennedy's role transcended the embassy.	1
The Womens March on Washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .	The women's march on Washington has released a platform that is unapologetically progressive.	1
The Womens March on Washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .	The Womens March on Washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform.	1
The Womens March on Washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform .	The Womens March on Washington has released its unapologetically progressive platform.	1
Superbug resistant to 26 different antibiotics kills woman in the US	Superbug resistant to 26 different antibiotics kills woman in US	1
The ex-MI6 agent who compiled a dossier on Donald Trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say	The former MI6 agent who compiled a dossier on Donald Trump left his home to avoid possible retribution, neighbors say.	1
The ex-MI6 agent who compiled a dossier on Donald Trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say	Ex-MI6 agent who compiled dossier on Trump left his home to avoid possible retribution, neighbors say	1
The ex-MI6 agent who compiled a dossier on Donald Trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say	Ex-MI6 agent who compiled dossier on Trump left home to avoid possible retribution, neighbors say	1
The ex-MI6 agent who compiled a dossier on Donald Trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say	The ex-Mi6 agent who collected the dossier on Donald Trump fled his home to avoid retribution, neighbors say.	1
The ex-MI6 agent who compiled a dossier on Donald Trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say	The ex-MI6 agent who compiled a dossier on Donald Trump has left his home to avoid retribution, neighbors say.	1
The ex-MI6 agent who compiled a dossier on Donald Trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say	The Ex-Mi6 Agent Who Compiled a Dossier On Donald Trump Left His Home to Avoid Possible Retribution, Neighborhoods Say	1
The ex-MI6 agent who compiled a dossier on Donald Trump left his home to avoid possible retribution , neighbors say	The ex-MI6 agent who compiled a dossier on Donald Trump left his home to avoid possible retribution, neighbors say.	1
Bill O'Reilly tried to derail the career of a woman who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by NYT	Bill O'Reilly tried to derail the career of a woman who refused his advances, according to a letter obtained by the NYT.	1
Bill O'Reilly tried to derail the career of a woman who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by NYT	Bill O'Reilly attempted to derail the career of a woman who refused his advances, according to a letter obtained by the NYT.	1
Trump said he was nearly ready to unveil a plan to replace the Affordable Care Act with " insurance for everybody	Trump says he is nearly ready to unveil a plan to replace the Affordable Care Act with a " insurance for everybody	1
For jaw-dropping wonder , theres nothing like a Kellyanne Conway interview	For jaw-dropping wonder, theres nothing like a Kellyanne Conway interview	1
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again	We regret to inform U that the trumps are at it again	1
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again	we regret to inform you that the trump's are at it again	1
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again	We regret to inform u that the trumps are at it again	1
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again	We regret to inform you that the trump's are at it again	1
we regret to inform u that the trump's are at it again	we are sorry to inform U that the Trump's are at it again.	1
The GOP of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the Civil War	2017 is the most extreme GOP coalition since the Civil War.	1
The GOP of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the Civil War	The 2017 GOP is the most extreme Party Coalition since the Civil War.	1
The GOP of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the Civil War	The GOP of 2017 is the most extreme party coalition since the Civil War.	1
A US Navy ship fired warning shots at one or more Iranian boats Sunday near the Strait of Hormuz , US official says	US Navy ship fired warning shots at Iranian boats Sunday near the Strait of Hormuz, US Navy official says	1
A US Navy ship fired warning shots at one or more Iranian boats Sunday near the Strait of Hormuz , US official says	US Navy ship fires warning shots at Iranian boats on Sunday near the Strait of Hormuz, US official says.	1
Assange blasts ' embarrassing ' US intel report , insists Russia not his source	Assange blasts'embarrassing'US intel report, insists Russia not his source.	1
Assange blasts ' embarrassing ' US intel report , insists Russia not his source	Assange blasts'embarrassing'US intel report, insists Russia not his source	1
Assange blasts ' embarrassing ' US intel report , insists Russia not his source	Assange blasts'embarrassing'US intel report, insists Russia is not his source	1
Can Paul Smith defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all ?	Could Paul Smith defeat redistricting and restore equal votes for all?	1
Can Paul Smith defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all ?	Can Paul Smith defeat redistricting and help restore equal votes for all?	1
Obama on Russian hack I anticipate that this kind of thing can happen again here .	Obama on Russian hack " I anticipate that this kind of thing can happen again here	1
Obama on Russian hack I anticipate that this kind of thing can happen again here .	Obama On Russian Hack " I anticipate that this kind of thing can happen here again	1
Obama on Russian hack I anticipate that this kind of thing can happen again here .	Obama on Russian hack I anticipate that this kind of thing can happen here again.	1
Swiss couple had no legal grounds for keeping Muslim daughters out of mandatory swim classes with boys , court rules	A Swiss couple had no legal grounds for keeping Muslim daughters out of mandatory swim classes with boys. The court rules	1
Dems to rehang painting depicting police as pigs , after GOP rep took it down	Dems to rehang painting depicting police as pigs, after GOP Rep took it down	1
Dems to rehang painting depicting police as pigs , after GOP rep took it down	Dems to rehang painting depicting police as pigs, after GOP Rep removed it.	1
Dems to rehang painting depicting police as pigs , after GOP rep took it down	Dems rehang painting depicting police as pigs, after GOP rep took it down.	1
James O'Keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at Trump inauguration .	James O'Keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at Donald Trump inauguration.	1
James O'Keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at Trump inauguration .	James O'Keefe is caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at Trump inauguration.	1
James O'Keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at Trump inauguration .	James O'Keefe is caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at the Trump inauguration.	1
James O'Keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at Trump inauguration .	James O'Keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at Trump inauguration	1
James O'Keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at Trump inauguration .	James O'Keefe was caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at the Trump inauguration	1
James O'Keefe caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at Trump inauguration .	James O'Keefe is caught trying to bribe protesters to riot at Trump inauguration	1
C-Span's online broadcast was interrupted by RT , a state-run Russian TV network	C-Span's online broadcast interrupted by RT, a Russian state-run TV network	1
C-Span's online broadcast was interrupted by RT , a state-run Russian TV network	C-Span's online broadcast interrupted by RT, a Russian state-run television network	1
President Obama on the Bush family We want to send our prayers and our love to them	President Obama on the Bush family: "We want to send our prayers and our love to them	1
President Obama on the Bush family We want to send our prayers and our love to them	President Barack Obama on Bush family: "We want to send our prayers and our love to them	1
Dem reps want senator statue removed from Capitol over ' xenophobia ' claims	Dem reps want senator statue to be removed from Capitol over'xenophobia'claims	1
Dem reps want senator statue removed from Capitol over ' xenophobia ' claims	Dem Reps want Senator statue removed from Capitol over'xenophobia'claims	1
Dem reps want senator statue removed from Capitol over ' xenophobia ' claims	Dem Reps Want Senator Statue Removed From Capitol Over'xenophobia'claims	1
Too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us	Too Many of Us Have Been Shackled to the Devices That Were Set to Free Us	1
Too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us	Too Many of Us Have Been Slaved to the Devices That Were Set To Free Us	1
Too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us	Too Many of Us Have Been Shackled to the Devices That Were Supposed to Free Us	1
Too many of us have become slaves to the devices that were supposed to free us	Too Many of Us Have Been Slave to the Devices That Were To Free Us	1
Democrats , celebrities and Republicans defend Democratic Rep. Lewis after Trump's tweets	Democrats, celebrities, Republicans defended Democratic Rep. Lewis after Trump tweets	1
Democrats , celebrities and Republicans defend Democratic Rep. Lewis after Trump's tweets	Democrats, Celebrities, Republicans defend Democratic Rep. Lewis after Trump tweets	1
Democrats , celebrities and Republicans defend Democratic Rep. Lewis after Trump's tweets	Republicans, Celebrities and Democrats defend Democratic Rep. Lewis after Trump's tweets	1
Democrats , celebrities and Republicans defend Democratic Rep. Lewis after Trump's tweets	Democrats, celebrities and Republicans defend Democratic Rep. Lewis following Trump's tweets	1
Democrats , celebrities and Republicans defend Democratic Rep. Lewis after Trump's tweets	Democrats, celebrities and Republicans defend Democratic Rep. Lewis after Trump tweets	1
This just in House Joins Senate in Approving Groundwork to Revoke Health Care Law	This just in the House joins Senate in approving groundwork to revoke health care law	1
This just in House Joins Senate in Approving Groundwork to Revoke Health Care Law	This just in the House Joins Senate in Approving Groundwork to Revoke Health Care Law	1
Obama awards Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor	Obama Awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom, the Nation's Highest Civil Honor	1
Obama awards Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor	Obama Awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom, Nation's Highest Civil Honor	1
Obama awards Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the nation's highest civilian honor	President Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom, the nation's highest civilian honor	1
Looking for a book to help resist Trump ? Try this gay immigrant Muslim furry romance	Looking for a Book to Help Resist the Trump Era? Try This Gay Immigrant Muslim Furry Romance.	1
Looking for a book to help resist Trump ? Try this gay immigrant Muslim furry romance	Searching for a Book to Help Resist the Trump Era? Try This Gay Immigrant Muslim Furry Romance.	1
Looking for a book to help resist Trump ? Try this gay immigrant Muslim furry romance	Looking for a Book to Help Resist Trump? Try This Gay Immigrant Muslim Furry Romance	1
2016 was officially the hottest year on record for the planet , the World Meteorological Organization says	2016 was the hottest year on record for the planet, World Meteorological Organization says	1
2016 was officially the hottest year on record for the planet , the World Meteorological Organization says	2016 was the hottest year on record for the planet, the World Meteorological Organization says	1
Finalists for the National Book Critics Circle Awards include Zadie Smith , Michael Chabon , Ann Patchett & amp ; Jane Mayer	Finalists for the National Book Critics Circle Awards include Zadie Smith, Michael Chabon, Ann Patchett, and Jane Mayer	1
Finalists for the National Book Critics Circle Awards include Zadie Smith , Michael Chabon , Ann Patchett & amp ; Jane Mayer	Finalists for the National Book Critics Circle Awards are : Zadie Smith, Michael Chabon, Ann Patchett and Jane Mayer.	1
Finalists for the National Book Critics Circle Awards include Zadie Smith , Michael Chabon , Ann Patchett & amp ; Jane Mayer	Finalists for National Book Critics Circle Awards include Zadie Smith, Michael Chabon, Ann Patchett and Jane Mayer	1
Finalists for the National Book Critics Circle Awards include Zadie Smith , Michael Chabon , Ann Patchett & amp ; Jane Mayer	Finalists for the National Book Critics Circle Awards include Zadie Smith, Michael Chabon, Ann Patchett and Jane Mayer.	1
Finalists for the National Book Critics Circle Awards include Zadie Smith , Michael Chabon , Ann Patchett & amp ; Jane Mayer	Finalists for the National Book Critics Circle Awards include Zadie Smith, Michael Chabon, Ann Patchett and Jane Mayer	1
A law firm representing Donald Trump was named " Russia Law Firm of the Year " in 2016	Law firm representing Donald Trump won Russia Law Firm of the Year in 2016	1
A law firm representing Donald Trump was named " Russia Law Firm of the Year " in 2016	A law firm representing Trump was named the 2016 Russia Lawyer of the Year.	1
A law firm representing Donald Trump was named " Russia Law Firm of the Year " in 2016	A law firm representing Trump was named Russia law firm of the year in 2016.	1
What can Trump accomplish with a blizzard of misinformation ? Just ask Stalin	How can Donald Trump achieve it with a blizzard of misinformation? Just ask Stalin.	1
I Don't Want Celebs at Inauguration , I Want the People	I Don't Want Celebs at Inauguration, I Want the People	1
I Don't Want Celebs at Inauguration , I Want the People	I don't want celebs at the INauguration, I want the people	1
I Don't Want Celebs at Inauguration , I Want the People	I don't want celebs at inaugural, I want the people	1
I Don't Want Celebs at Inauguration , I Want the People	I Dont Want Celebs at Inauguration, I Want the People	1
I Don't Want Celebs at Inauguration , I Want the People	I Dont Want Celebs at the Inauguration, I Want the People	1
US Navy ship fired warning shots at Iranian boat or boats on Sunday near the Strait of Hormuz , US official says .	US Navy ship fires warning shots at Iranian boats Sunday near Strait of Hormuz, US official says	1
US Navy ship fired warning shots at Iranian boat or boats on Sunday near the Strait of Hormuz , US official says .	US Navy ship fires warning shots at Iranian boats/boats on Sunday near Strait of Hormuz, US official says.	1
Obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . Here's how he evolved .	Obama, once reluctant to speak about race, found his voice after deaths jolted the nation Heres How He Evolved	1
Obama , once reluctant to speak about race , found his voice after deaths jolted the nation . Here's how he evolved .	Obama, once reluctant to speak about race, found his voice when deaths jolted the nation. Here's how he evolved	1
Dog stays with owner for 20 hours after man breaks his neck in Michigan	Dog stays with owner 20 hours after man breaks his neck in Michigan	1
Dog stays with owner for 20 hours after man breaks his neck in Michigan	Dog stays with owner 20 hours after man breaks his neck in Michigan.	1
Dog stays with owner for 20 hours after man breaks his neck in Michigan	Dog stays with owner for 20 hours after man breaks his neck in Michigan.	1
Donald Trump is Hillary Clinton's president . What if she were his mayor ?	Donald Trump Is Clinton's President. What Would She Be His Mayor?	1
Donald Trump is Hillary Clinton's president . What if she were his mayor ?	Donald Trump Is Hillary Clintons President. What Would She Be His Mayor?	1
Interior Nominee Promotes Navy SEAL Career , While Playing Down Bad Judgment	Interior Nominee Promotes Navy SEAL Career, Playing Down Bad Judgment	1
Toby Keith on Trump I Won't ' Apologize ' For Performing for Our Country or Military	Toby Keith on Trump I Won't'Apologize'For Performing for Our Country or Military	1
Toby Keith on Trump I Won't ' Apologize ' For Performing for Our Country or Military	Toby Keith on Trump I Won't'Apologize'For Performing For Our Country or Military	1
Toby Keith on Trump I Won't ' Apologize ' For Performing for Our Country or Military	Toby Keith on Donald Trump We won't'apologize'for performing for our country or military.	1
Toby Keith on Trump I Won't ' Apologize ' For Performing for Our Country or Military	Toby Keith on Trump I Won't'Apologize'For Performing for Our Country or Military.	1
Toby Keith on Trump I Won't ' Apologize ' For Performing for Our Country or Military	Toby Keith: Trump won't 'apologize'for performing for Our Country or Military	1
Technology cant replace the human touch Sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso	Technology can't replace the human touch Sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso	1
Technology cant replace the human touch Sometimes we just prefer to deal with a perso	Technology can't replace the human touch But at times we just prefer to deal with a perso.	1
Trump says Atlanta is " falling apart " ? Not so much	Trump tells Atlanta the city is'falling apart'not so much.	1
Trump says Atlanta is " falling apart " ? Not so much	Trump Says Atlanta Is'Falling Apart '? Hopefully Not So Much.	1
Trump says Atlanta is " falling apart " ? Not so much	Trump says Atlanta is " falling apart "? Not so much.	1
Trump's cabinet so far is more white and male than any first cabinet since Reagan's	Trump's cabinet so far is more white and male than any first cabinet since Reagan's.	1
Trump's cabinet so far is more white and male than any first cabinet since Reagan's	Trump's Cabinet So Far Is More White and Male than any First Cabinet since Reagan's.	1
Trump's cabinet so far is more white and male than any first cabinet since Reagan's	Trumps Cabinet So Far Is More White and Male Than Any First Cabinet Since Reagan	1
How to take great vacation photos , no fancy camera required	How to Take Great Vacation Photos. No Fancy Camera Requirements	1
How to take great vacation photos , no fancy camera required	How to take great vacation photos, no fancy camera needed	1
How to take great vacation photos , no fancy camera required	How to Take Great Vacation Photos, No Fancy Camera Requirements	1
How to take great vacation photos , no fancy camera required	How to Take Great Vacation Photos, No Flawless Camera Requirements	1
How to take great vacation photos , no fancy camera required	How to take great vacation photos. No fancy camera required	1
How to take great vacation photos , no fancy camera required	How to Take Great Vacation Photos. no fancy camera needed	1
May you one day feel the fear you make us feel .	May you feel the fear that you make us feel one day.	1
May you one day feel the fear you make us feel .	May you feel the fear you make us feel one day.	1
May you one day feel the fear you make us feel .	May you feel the fear you make us feel one day	1
Coretta Scott King's 1986 letter pleading for congress not to appoint racist	Coretta Scott King's 1986 letter pleading for congress not to appoint Racist.	1
Rubio challenged Trump's nominee . But will he defy Trump ?	Rubio challenged Trump nominee, but will he defy Trump?	1
Rubio challenged Trump's nominee . But will he defy Trump ?	Rubio challenged Trump's nominee. Will he defy Trump?	1
Rubio challenged Trump's nominee . But will he defy Trump ?	Rubio challenges Trump's nominee. Will he defy Trump?	1
Rubio challenged Trump's nominee . But will he defy Trump ?	Rubio challenged Trump's nominee. But will he defy Trump?	1
Rubio challenged Trump's nominee . But will he defy Trump ?	Rubio challenges Trump nominee. But will he defy Trump?	1
Rubio challenged Trump's nominee . But will he defy Trump ?	Rubio challenges Trumps nominee. But will he defy Trump?	1
Donald Trump's language is " the language of pre-emptive strikes and confrontation , " @poniewozik writes	Donald Trump's language is'the language of pre-emptive strikes and confrontation,'@poniewozik writes	1
Donald Trump's language is " the language of pre-emptive strikes and confrontation , " @poniewozik writes	Trump's language is'the language of pre-emptive strikes and confrontation ', @Pontiewozik writes	1
Donald Trump's language is " the language of pre-emptive strikes and confrontation , " @poniewozik writes	Donald Trump's language is'the language of the pre-emptive strikes and confrontation, " @Poniewozik writes	1
Donald Trump's language is " the language of pre-emptive strikes and confrontation , " @poniewozik writes	Donald Trump's language is'the language of pre-emptive strikes and confrontation,' @Poniewozik writes	1
Donald Trump on the upcoming Cabinet confirmation hearings I think they'll all pass	Donald Trump on upcoming Cabinet confirmation hearings I think they'll all pass.	1
Exxon has been ordered to turn over 40 years of climate change research	Exxon is ordered to turn over 40 years of climate change research	1
Exxon has been ordered to turn over 40 years of climate change research	Exxon ordered to turn over 40 years of climate change research.	1
Exxon has been ordered to turn over 40 years of climate change research	Exxon ordered to turn over 40 years of climate change research	1
More than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of Trump's inauguration	More than 130 artists and critics call for cultural institutions to close on the day of Trump's inauguration.	1
More than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of Trump's inauguration	More than 130 artists and critics are calling for cultural institutions to close on the day of Trump's inauguration.	1
North Korea sends message to Trump amid threat to fire missile ' at any time	North Korea sends message to Trump amid missile threat'at any time	1
North Korea sends message to Trump amid threat to fire missile ' at any time	North Korea sends message to Trump amid threat to fire missile 'at any time	1
Trump attorney Sheri Dillon Trump will " sever " presidency from his business organization	Trump attorney Sheri Dillon Trump will'sever'presidency from his business organization.	1
Abortion rate hits historic low in the US , report finds	Abortion rates hit historic low in the United States, report finds	1
Abortion rate hits historic low in the US , report finds	Abortion rates hit historic low in the US, report finds	1
Abortion rate hits historic low in the US , report finds	Abortion rate hits historic low in US, report finds	1
Abortion rate hits historic low in the US , report finds	Abortion rate hits historic low in the USA, report finds	1
Abortion rate hits historic low in the US , report finds	Abortion rates at historic low in the US, report finds	1
Uber debuts Movement , a new website offering access to its traffic data	Uber launches Movement, a new website offering access to its traffic.	1
I cannot focus . I cannot sleep . I attempted to take my own life .	I can't focus. I can't sleep. I've tried to take my own life '.	1
I cannot focus . I cannot sleep . I attempted to take my own life .	I cant focus. I cannot sleep. I tried to take my own life.	1
I cannot focus . I cannot sleep . I attempted to take my own life .	I cannot focus. I cannot sleep. I have tried to take my own life.	1
I cannot focus . I cannot sleep . I attempted to take my own life .	I cannot focus. I cannot sleep. I attempted to take my own life.	1
Sen. Bob Corker There seemed to be a desire by Russia to " undermine " Clinton	Sen. Bob Corker There seems to be a desire by Russia to " undermine " Clinton's	1
Sen. Bob Corker There seemed to be a desire by Russia to " undermine " Clinton	Sen. Bob Corker There seemed to be a desire of Russia to'undermine'Clinton	1
No , I'm not going to give you a question Trump tells reporter . You are fake news .	No. I'm not going to give you a question Trump tells a reporter. You are fake news.	1
No , I'm not going to give you a question Trump tells reporter . You are fake news .	No, I'm not going to give you a question Trump tells reporter, you are fake news.	1
No , I'm not going to give you a question Trump tells reporter . You are fake news .	No, I'm not going to give you a question Trump tells reporter. You are fake news.	1
Lol wait , Trump is really running Facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance ?	Lol wait, Trump is running Facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance?	1
Lol wait , Trump is really running Facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance ?	Lol wait, Trump is really running Facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance?	1
Lol wait , Trump is really running Facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance ?	Lol wait,'Trump is really running Facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance.	1
Lol wait , Trump is really running Facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance ?	Lol, wait, Trump is really running Facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance?	1
Lol wait , Trump is really running Facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance ?	Lol wait, Donald Trump is actually running Facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance?	1
Lol wait , Trump is really running Facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance ?	Lol wait, is Trump running real Facebook ads to boost inauguration attendance?	1
As Trump clinched his nomination , his son-in-law started talks on a joint venture with a secretive Chinese company	As Trump Wins Nomination, His Son-in-Law Starts Talks on Joint Venture With Secretive Chinese Company	1
Deep down , every cancer patient wants to believe he is going to make it	Every cancer patient wants to believe he is going to make it.	1
Deep down , every cancer patient wants to believe he is going to make it	Deep down, every cancer patient wants to believe he is going to make it	1
Deep down , every cancer patient wants to believe he is going to make it	Deep Down, Every Cancer Patient Wants to Believe He is Going to Make It	1
Deep down , every cancer patient wants to believe he is going to make it	Deep Down, Every Cancer Patient Wants to Believe He Is Going to Make It.	1
The BBC's Paul Wood on the complicated evidence tying Trump to Russia	The BBC's Paul Wood on the complex evidence tying Trump to Russia.	1
The BBC's Paul Wood on the complicated evidence tying Trump to Russia	BBC's Paul Wood on the complicated evidence tying Trump to Russia.	1
The BBC's Paul Wood on the complicated evidence tying Trump to Russia	BBC News Paul Wood on the complicated evidence tying Trump to Russia.	1
Morocco said to ban sale of burqas , citing security concerns	Morocco announces ban on sale of burqas over security concerns	1
Top Senate Democrat says Trump Health and Human Services pick may have broken law with stock purchase	Senate Democratic Leader: Trump Health and Human Services Pick May Have Broken Law with Stock Purchase	1
New cubs of the caliphate ISIS video shows kids killing prisoners in amusement park	New cubs of the caliphate ISIS video shows kids killing prisoners in amusement park.	1
A moth with a " golden flake hairstyle " has been named after Donald Trump	A moth with'golden flake hairstyle'has been named after Donald Trump	1
Driver who shot at Arizona officer was in US illegally , investigators say	Driver Who Shot Arizona Officer Was Into the U.S. illegally, Investigators Say	1
Driver who shot at Arizona officer was in US illegally , investigators say	Driver who shot Arizona officer was in US illegally, investigators say	1
Driver who shot at Arizona officer was in US illegally , investigators say	Driver who shot Arizona police officer was in U.S. illegally, investigators say	1
Driver who shot at Arizona officer was in US illegally , investigators say	driver who shot Arizona officer was in US illegally, investigators say	1
Driver who shot at Arizona officer was in US illegally , investigators say	Driver who shot Arizona police officer was in US illegally, investigators say	1
Driver who shot at Arizona officer was in US illegally , investigators say	Driver who shot Arizona officer was illegally in the US, investigators say	1
Driver who shot at Arizona officer was in US illegally , investigators say	Driver who shot Arizona officer was in U.S. illegally, investigators say	1
Driver who shot at Arizona officer was in US illegally , investigators say	Driver who shot Arizona police officer was in U.S. illegally, investigators say.	1
Driver who shot at Arizona officer was in US illegally , investigators say	Driver who shot Arizona police officer was in the US illegally, investigators say	1
Driver who shot at Arizona officer was in US illegally , investigators say	Driver who shot Arizona officer was in the US illegally, investigators say	1
Driver who shot at Arizona officer was in US illegally , investigators say	Driver who shot Arizona officer was illegally in the United States, investigators say	1
Driver who shot at Arizona officer was in US illegally , investigators say	Driver Who Shot Arizona Officer Was in US Illegally, Investigators Say	1
Driver who shot at Arizona officer was in US illegally , investigators say	Driver Who Shot Arizona Officer Was in U.S. illegally, investigators say	1
Driver who shot at Arizona officer was in US illegally , investigators say	Driver Who Shot Arizona Officer Was in US illegally, investigators say	1
Texas health official We envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .	The official from Texas Health Dept said that we envisioned the fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each	1
Texas health official We envisioned fetuses being buried in a mass grave for $2 each .	Texas Health Officials Imagine Fetuses Buried in Mass Grave for $2 each	1
Vegan denied Swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights	Vegan denied Swiss citizenship for her'loud'views on animal rights	1
Vegan denied Swiss citizenship for her ' loud ' views on animal rights	Vegan denied Swiss citizenship for her  loud  views on animal rights	1
Trump's hopes of working more cooperatively with Russia " will be dashed pretty quickly	Trump's hopes of working more cooperatively with Russia are 'dismissed pretty quickly	1
Trump's hopes of working more cooperatively with Russia " will be dashed pretty quickly	Trump's hopes of working more cooperatively with Russia will be "dissipated pretty quickly	1
Up for sale , a pale-looking Jimmy Carter , and Bill Clinton looking oddly cherubic	Up for Sale, a Pale-looking Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton Looking Oddly Cherubic	1
Up for sale , a pale-looking Jimmy Carter , and Bill Clinton looking oddly cherubic	Coming up for sale is a pale-looking Jimmy Carter, and Bill Clinton looking oddly cherubic.	1
The speed of Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act has stunned health industry lobbyists	The speed of GOP efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act has stunned health industry lobbyists.	1
The speed of Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act has stunned health industry lobbyists	The speed of the Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act has stunned health industry lobbyists.	1
The speed of Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act has stunned health industry lobbyists	The speed of Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act stuns health industry lobbyists	1
The speed of Republican efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act has stunned health industry lobbyists	The speed of GOP efforts to repeal the Affordable Care Act has stunned health industry lobbyists	1
The Obama administration has expanded the power of the NSA to share globally intercepted personal communications	The Obama administration has extended the power of the NSA to share global intercepted personal communications	1
The Womens March on Washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform	The Womens March on Washington released an unapologetically progressive platform	1
The Womens March on Washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform	The Womens March on Washington has released an unapologetically progressive platform.	1
Massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern Florida	Massive Alligator Captured on Video Walking Through Nature Reserve in Southwest Florida	1
Massive alligator caught on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern Florida	Massive alligator captured on video walking through nature reserve in southwestern Florida	1
President Obama delivers farewell address with 10 days left of his presidency	With only 10 days left of his presidency, President Barack Obama gives a farewell address.	1
Kubo , the robot that teaches kids to code , is now available for preorder	Kubo, the Robot That Teach Kids to Code, Now Available For Preorder	1
Kubo , the robot that teaches kids to code , is now available for preorder	Kubo, the robotic robot that teaches kids to code, is now available for preorder	1
Twitter loops all videos under 6.5 seconds as Vine shrivels into a camera	Twitter loops all videos under 6.5 seconds as Vine shrivels into a camera.	1
Twitter loops all videos under 6.5 seconds as Vine shrivels into a camera	Twitter loops all videos under 6.5 seconds as Vine shrivels into a camera!	1
Were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king	Were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture, and weve crowned a fool king	1
Were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king	Were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture, and weve crowned a fool king.	1
Were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture , and weve crowned a fool king	Were living with injustices that lead to carnival culture. Weve crowned a fool king.	1
Stop obsessing over secrets about Trump and Russia . What we already know is bad enough .	Stop obsessing over secrets about Donald Trump and Russia. What We Already Know Is Bad enough.	1
Stop obsessing over secrets about Trump and Russia . What we already know is bad enough .	Stop obsessing over secrets about Trump and Russia. What We Already Know Is Bad enough.	1
Stop obsessing over secrets about Trump and Russia . What we already know is bad enough .	Stop obsessing over secrets about Trump and Russia. It is already bad enough.	1
Stop obsessing over secrets about Trump and Russia . What we already know is bad enough .	Stop obsessing over secrets about Trump and Russia. What we already know is bad enough	1
I have very , very strong concerns " on @SenatorSessions nomination	I have very strong concerns " on #SenatorSessions nomination	1
I have very , very strong concerns " on @SenatorSessions nomination	I have very strong concerns'on #SenatorSessions nomination	1
I have very , very strong concerns " on @SenatorSessions nomination	I have very, very strong concerns'on #SenatorSessions nomination.	1
I have very , very strong concerns " on @SenatorSessions nomination	I have very, very strong concerns " on #SenatorSessions nomination	1
a moment in history . My memories of January 9th 2007	a moment in history. My memories of January 9th 2007	1
a moment in history . My memories of January 9th 2007	a moment in history. My January 9th 2007 Memories	1
Antiaircraft weapons in Tehran suddenly began blasting away at " an unidentified flying object " in the clear sky	Antiaircraft guns in Tehran suddenly began blasting away at " an unidentified flying object " in the clear sky.	1
Antiaircraft weapons in Tehran suddenly began blasting away at " an unidentified flying object " in the clear sky	Anti-aircraft weapons in Tehran suddenly began blasting at " an unknown flying object'in the clear sky	1
I want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us	I want an economy that belongs to all of us, works for all.	1
I want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us	I want an economy that belongs to all of us, works for all of us	1
I want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us	I want an economy that belongs to all of us, works for all '.	1
I want an economy that belongs to all of us , works for all of us	I want an economy that belongs to all of us, works for all	1
Donald Trump's pick for labor secretary has a long history of fighting labor laws	Trump's pick for labor secretary has a long history of fighting labor laws	1
Donald Trump's pick for labor secretary has a long history of fighting labor laws	Trump's pick for Labor Secretary has long history of fighting labor laws.	1
Donald Trump's pick for labor secretary has a long history of fighting labor laws	Trump's pick for Labor Secretary has a long history of fighting labor laws	1
Donald Trump " lives for vengeance , " Bill Maher said . Then it dawned on him No ones been meaner to him than me .	Donald Trump'lives for vengeance,'Bill Maher said. Then it dawned on him No ones were meaner to him than me.	1
If I turned down every candidate who objectified women , I'd vote for no one	If I turned down every candidate who objected to women, I'd vote for no one!	1
If I turned down every candidate who objectified women , I'd vote for no one	If I turned down every candidate who objectified to women, I'd vote for no one	1
If I turned down every candidate who objectified women , I'd vote for no one	If I turned down every candidate who objectified to women, I'd vote for no one.	1
If I turned down every candidate who objectified women , I'd vote for no one	If I turned down every candidate who objectified to women, I'd vote for No One	1
If I turned down every candidate who objectified women , I'd vote for no one	If I turned down every candidate who objectified to women, I would vote for no one	1
has special resonance in an era when people seem attached to their smartphones	It holds special resonance in an era when people seem attached to their smartphones	1
Microsoft launches StaffHub , a new Office 365 app aimed at shift workers	Microsoft launches StaffHub, a new Office 365 app aimed at shift workers	1
Microsoft launches StaffHub , a new Office 365 app aimed at shift workers	Microsoft is launching StaffHub, a new Office 365 app aimed at shiftworkers	1
This is your country and not just a handful of billionaires	This is your country. Not just a handful of billionaires	1
This is your country and not just a handful of billionaires	This is your country, and not a handful of billionaires	1
This is your country and not just a handful of billionaires	This is your country and not just a few billionaires	1
This is your country and not just a handful of billionaires	This is your country and not a handful of billionaires	1
This is your country and not just a handful of billionaires	This is your country. And not just a handful of billionaires.	1
This is your country and not just a handful of billionaires	This is your country, not just a few billionaires	1
This is your country and not just a handful of billionaires	This is your country, and not just a handful of billionaires!	1
This is your country and not just a handful of billionaires	This is your country, and not just a handful of billionaires	1
Apple is increasing the price of apps in the UK by 25% because of Brexit	Apple is increasing the price of apps in the UK by 25% as a result of Brexit	1
Background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the Senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees	Background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the Senate starts to confirm cabinet nominees.	1
Background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the Senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees	Background checks and ethics clearances are usually required before the Senate begins to verify Cabinet nominees	1
Background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the Senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees	Background checks and ethical clearances are usually required before the Senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees.	1
Background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the Senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees	Background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the Senate begins to confirm Cabinet nominees.	1
Background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the Senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees	Background checks and ethics clearances are usually required before the Senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees	1
Background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the Senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees	Background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the Senate begins to verify cabinet nominees.	1
Background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the Senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees	Background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the Senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees.	1
Background checks and ethics clearances are normally required before the Senate begins to confirm cabinet nominees	Background checks and ethics clearances are usually required before the Senate begins to confirm Cabinet nominees	1
These next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency	These next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency.	1
These next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency	These next four years will require a broad coalition of straight-up decency	1
These next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency	These next four years will require a broad coalition of straight-up decency.	1
These next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency	These next four years will require a broad coalition of Straight-Up Decency	1
These next four years are going to require a broad coalition of straight-up decency	These next four years will require a broad coalition of direct-up decency	1
Officials in Turkey detained a NYT reporter as he arrived in Istanbul , then forced him on a flight back to London	The official in Turkey detained a New York Times reporter as he arrived in Istanbul, then forced him on a flight back to London	1
At least four people were killed when a truck rammed into a group of people in Jerusalem	At least 4 people were killed after a truck rammed into a group of people in Jerusalem	1
At least four people were killed when a truck rammed into a group of people in Jerusalem	4 people were killed as a truck rammed into a group of people in Jerusalem	1
Navy , Trump planning biggest fleet expansion to deter Russian , Chinese threats	Navy, Trump planning biggest fleet expansion to deter Russian, Chinese threats	1
Navy , Trump planning biggest fleet expansion to deter Russian , Chinese threats	Navy, Trump Planning Biggest Fleet Expansion to Deter Russian and Chinese Threats	1
Navy , Trump planning biggest fleet expansion to deter Russian , Chinese threats	Navy, Trump Planning Biggest Fleet Expansion to Deter Russian, Chinese Threats	1
Inspector general to review DOJ , FBI handling of Clinton case	Inspector General to review DOJ, FBI handling of Clinton case	1
Inspector general to review DOJ , FBI handling of Clinton case	Inspector General to Review DOJ, FBI Handling of Clinton Case	1
Inspector general to review DOJ , FBI handling of Clinton case	Inspector General to review DoJ, FBI handling of Clinton case	1
Senator Tom Cotton on Chelsea Manning's commutation It's " dangerous for our country	SEN. Tom Cotton on Chelsea Mannings Commutation It's dangerous for our country	1
Trumps choice for White House budget director failed to pay more than $ 15,000 in taxes for a domestic worker	Mr. Trumps choice for White House budget director failed to pay $ 15,000 in taxes for a domestic worker	1
Trumps choice for White House budget director failed to pay more than $ 15,000 in taxes for a domestic worker	Trumps Choice for White House Budget Director Fails to Pay More Than $ 15,000 in Taxes for Domestic Worker	1
Trumps choice for White House budget director failed to pay more than $ 15,000 in taxes for a domestic worker	Trumps Choice for White House Budget Director Failed to Pay More Than $ 15,000 in Taxes for a Domestic Workers	1
Mike Pence didn't get the warmest of welcomes at " Hamilton . Hillary Clinton got an ovation at " The Color Purple .	Mike Pence Didn't Get the Warmest Of Welcomes at'Hamilton' Hillary Clinton Received Ovation at'The Color Purple	1
Mike Pence didn't get the warmest of welcomes at " Hamilton . Hillary Clinton got an ovation at " The Color Purple .	Mike Pence Did Not Get the Warmest Of Welcomes at Hamilton. Hillary Clinton Got an Ovation at The Color Purple.	1
circus plans to shut down ' Greatest Show on Earth ' after 146 years	circus plans to close'Greatest Show on Earth'after 146 years	1
Yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere	Yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car, or wash it, anywhere	1
Yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere	Yoshi raises $2.1 Million to fill up your car or wash it, anywhere	1
Yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere	Yoshi: $2.1 Million to Fill Up Your Car, Or Wash It, Anywhere	1
Yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere	Yoshi Raises $2.1 Million to Fill Up Your Car, Or Wash It, Anywhere	1
Yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere	Yoshi raises $2.1m to fill up your car or wash it anywhere	1
Yoshi raises $2.1 million to fill up your car , or wash it , anywhere	Yoshi raises $2.1 Million to fill up your car, or wash it, anywhere	1
Some self-described feminists feel unwelcome at the Women's March on Washington . They oppose abortion .	Some self-described feminists feel unwelcome at the Women's March on Washington, who oppose abortion	1
Some self-described feminists feel unwelcome at the Women's March on Washington . They oppose abortion .	Some self-described feminists feel unwelcome at the Women's March on Washington. They oppose abortion.	1
The gap between the world's rich and poor is " far greater than feared	The gap between the worlds rich and poor is'far greater than feared	1
The gap between the world's rich and poor is " far greater than feared	The gap between the world's rich and poor is " far more than feared	1
The gap between the world's rich and poor is " far greater than feared	the gap between worlds rich and poor is far larger than we feared.	1
The gap between the world's rich and poor is " far greater than feared	The gap between worlds rich and poor is far greater than anticipated	1
The gap between the world's rich and poor is " far greater than feared	The gap between the world's rich and poor is'far greater than feared	1
The gap between the world's rich and poor is " far greater than feared	The gap between the worlds rich and poor is " far greater than feared	1
First on CNN Trump's HHS pick introduced a bill aiding a company soon after his investment	First on CNN'Trump's HHS pick introduced a bill aiding a company soon after his investment	1
First on CNN Trump's HHS pick introduced a bill aiding a company soon after his investment	First on CNN Trumps HHS Pick Introduced a Bill Aiding a Company Shortly After His Investment	1
First on CNN Trump's HHS pick introduced a bill aiding a company soon after his investment	first on CNN Trump's HHS pick introduced a bill aiding a company shortly after his investment	1
First on CNN Trump's HHS pick introduced a bill aiding a company soon after his investment	First on CNN Trump's HHS pick introduced a bill aiding a company soon after his investment.	1
Washington remains , for all its infestations , a city hospitable to greatness . Give it your best shot , Mr. Trump .	Washington, for all its infestations, remains a city hospitable to greatness. Give it your best shot, Mr. Trump.	1
How much do you know about the Obama years ? Test yourself with a new " You Draw It .	How Much Do You Know About the Obama Years? Test Yourself With a New You Draw It.	1
Donald Trump's plan to cut drug imports could raise prices , not lower them	Trump's plan to cut drug imports could raise prices, not lower them	1
They have sanctions on Russia let's see if we can make some good deals with Russia Donald Trump said	They have sanctions on Russia Let's see if we can make some good deals with Russia Mr. Trump said	1
They have sanctions on Russia let's see if we can make some good deals with Russia Donald Trump said	They have sanctions on Russia let's see if we can make some good deals with Russia Trump said	1
They have sanctions on Russia let's see if we can make some good deals with Russia Donald Trump said	They have sanctions against Russia Let's see if we can make some good deals with Russia Trump said	1
They have sanctions on Russia let's see if we can make some good deals with Russia Donald Trump said	They have sanctions on Russia Let's see if we can make some good deals with Russia Trump said	1
They have sanctions on Russia let's see if we can make some good deals with Russia Donald Trump said	They have sanctions against Russia, let's see if we can make some good deals with Russia Trump said	1
Joe Biden lays into Putin's Kremlin Their purpose is clear to collapse the liberal international order	Joe Biden lays into Putin's Kremlin Their purpose is clear: to collapse the liberal international order	1
Joe Biden lays into Putin's Kremlin Their purpose is clear to collapse the liberal international order	Joe Biden lays into Putin's Kremlin Their purpose is clear, to collapse the liberal international order	1
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about ACA repeal	sneaks out of event early as constituents ask about ACA repeal	1
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about ACA repeal	Snuck out of event early as constituents try to ask about ACA repeal	1
sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about ACA repeal	sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about ACA repeal.	1
Another Goldman Sachs executive is said to be headed to Trump's White House , according to multiple people	Another Goldman Sachs executive is said to be headed to Trump's White House, according to multiple people	1
Another Goldman Sachs executive is said to be headed to Trump's White House , according to multiple people	A Goldman Sachs executive is reportedly headed to Trump's White House, according to multiple sources	1
The Public Editor The Future of the Times A View From the Top	The Times The Public Editor The Future of the Times A View From the Top	1
The Public Editor The Future of the Times A View From the Top	The Public Editor: The Future of the Times: A View From the Top	1
The Public Editor The Future of the Times A View From the Top	The Times' Public Editor: The Future of the Times A View From the Top	1
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by Chicago police	Report Finds'Pattern or Practice'of Excessive Force by Chicago Police	1
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by Chicago police	Report finds'pattern or practice'of excessive force by Chicago police.	1
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by Chicago police	Report finds'pattern or practice'of excessive force by Chicago police	1
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by Chicago police	Report Finds'Pattern or Practice'of Over-force by Chicago Police	1
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by Chicago police	Report shows'pattern or practice'of excessive force by Chicago police	1
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by Chicago police	Report Finds'Pattern or Practice'of Overuse of Force by Chicago Police	1
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by Chicago police	Report Finds'pattern or practice'of excessive force by Chicago police.	1
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by Chicago police	Report finds'pattern or practice'of excessive force by Chicago Police	1
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by Chicago police	report finds'pattern or practice'of excessive force by Chicago police	1
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by Chicago police	Report Finds'Pattern or Practice'of Overuse of Force by Chicago Police.	1
report finds ' pattern or practice ' of excessive force by Chicago police	Report Finds'pattern or practice'of excessive force by Chicago Police.	1
Scott Pruitt has built his career attacking the EPA , the very agency he would run	Scott Pruitt Built His Career Attacking EPA, the Very Agency He Would Run	1
Scott Pruitt has built his career attacking the EPA , the very agency he would run	Scott Pruitt has built his career attacking EPA, the very agency he would run	1
Scott Pruitt has built his career attacking the EPA , the very agency he would run	Scott Pruitt Is Building His Career Attacking EPA, the Very Agency He Would Run	1
Scott Pruitt has built his career attacking the EPA , the very agency he would run	Scott Pruitt is building his career attacking the EPA, the very agency he would run	1
Scott Pruitt has built his career attacking the EPA , the very agency he would run	Scott Pruitt Builds His Career Attacking EPA, the Very Agency He Would Run	1
Scott Pruitt has built his career attacking the EPA , the very agency he would run	Scott Pruitt Has Built His Career Attacking the EPA, the Very Agency He Would Run	1
Jennifer Holliday backs out of inauguration , apologizes to LGBT people	Jennifer Holliday backs out of inauguration, apologizes to LGBT people.	1
Jennifer Holliday backs out of inauguration , apologizes to LGBT people	Jennifer Holliday backs out of inauguration, apologizes to LGBT people	1
Jennifer Holliday backs out of inauguration , apologizes to LGBT people	Jennifer Holliday Backs Out of Inauguration, Apologises to LGBT People	1
Theresa May backed a clean break from the EU , its single market and its court system	Theresa May Backs Clean Break From the EU, its Single Market, and its Court System.	1
Theresa May backed a clean break from the EU , its single market and its court system	Theresa May backs a clean break from the EU, its single market and its courts system	1
Theresa May backed a clean break from the EU , its single market and its court system	Theresa May Backs a Clean Break From the EU, Single Market and the Court System	1
Fraugster , a startup that uses AI to detect payment fraud , raises $5M	Fraugster, a startup that uses AI to detect payment fraud and raises $5M	1
Fraugster , a startup that uses AI to detect payment fraud , raises $5M	! Fraugster, a startup that uses AI to detect payment fraud, raises $5M	1
Fraugster , a startup that uses AI to detect payment fraud , raises $5M	Fraugster, a startup that uses AI to detect payment fraud, raises $5M	1
Celebrate the iPhone's 10th birthday by watching the gleeful original announcement	Celebrate the 10th birthday of the iPhone by watching the gleeful original announcement	1
Microsoft acquires Maluuba , a startup focused on general artificial intelligence	Microsoft buys Maluuba, a Startup Focused on General Artificial-Intelligence	1
Rand Paul discusses his plan to replace Obamacare and says his bill is " virtually completed	Paul discusses his plan to replace Obamacare and says his bill is " virtually finished	1
Rand Paul discusses his plan to replace Obamacare and says his bill is " virtually completed	Paul Discusses His Plan to Replace Obamacare and Says His Bill Is'Virtually Complete	1
Fiat Chrysler to put $1 billion into U.S. jobs and revive Jeep Wagoneer	Fiat Chrysler to invest $1 billion in U.S. jobs and revive Jeep Wagoneer	1
Fiat Chrysler to put $1 billion into U.S. jobs and revive Jeep Wagoneer	Fiat Chrysler to invest $1 billion into America's workforce and revive Jeep Wagoneer	1
President Obama was " bracingly smart , scholarly , and erudite , " writes @CharlesMBlow	President Barack Obama " was bracingly smart, scholarly and erudite, " writes @CharlesMBlow	1
President Obama was " bracingly smart , scholarly , and erudite , " writes @CharlesMBlow	President Obama was bracingly intelligent, scholarly and erudite, says CharlesMBlow	1
President Obama was " bracingly smart , scholarly , and erudite , " writes @CharlesMBlow	President Barack Obama was " bracingly smart, scholarly and erudite, " writes @CharlesMBlow	1
In the months since Trump's election , California has turned into a laboratory of resistance	In the months since Trumps Election, California Has Turned Into a Laboratory of Resistance	1
In the months since Trump's election , California has turned into a laboratory of resistance	In the months since Trump's election, California has turned into a laboratory of resistance	1
In the months since Trump's election , California has turned into a laboratory of resistance	In the months since Trump's election, California has turned into a lab of resistance	1
Facebook Pages can now " go live " from the desktop , add live contributors and more	Facebook Pages can now'go live'from the desktop, add Live Contributors and more	1
Facebook Pages can now " go live " from the desktop , add live contributors and more	Facebook Pages can now " go live " from the desktop, add Live Contributors and more	1
Facebook Pages can now " go live " from the desktop , add live contributors and more	Facebook Pages can now'go live'from the desktop, add live contributors and more	1
Facebook Pages can now " go live " from the desktop , add live contributors and more	Facebook Pages can now " go live " from the desktop, add live contributors and more	1
Facebook Pages can now " go live " from the desktop , add live contributors and more	Facebook Pages can now go live from the desktop, add live contributors and more	1
We have begun to enable an effort that helps protect the privacy of our readers	We have begun to enable an effort to protect the privacy of our readers	1
We have begun to enable an effort that helps protect the privacy of our readers	We've begun a new effort to enable an effort that helps protect the privacy of our readers	1
We have begun to enable an effort that helps protect the privacy of our readers	We are beginning to enable an effort that helps protect the privacy of our readers	1
Trump's contradictory statements about NATO causes concern in Warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised	Trump's contradictory statements about NATO cause tensions in Warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised	1
Trump's contradictory statements about NATO causes concern in Warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised	Donald Trump's contradictory statements about NATO cause concern in Warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised	1
Trump's contradictory statements about NATO causes concern in Warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised	Trump's contradictory statements about NATO cause concern in Warsaw, where fears over whether troops will arrive as promised	1
Trump's contradictory statements about NATO causes concern in Warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised	Trump's contradictory statements about NATO cause concern in Warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised	1
Trump's contradictory statements about NATO causes concern in Warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised	Trumps contradictory statements about NATO cause concern in Warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised	1
Trump's contradictory statements about NATO causes concern in Warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised	Trumps inconsistent statements about NATO cause concern in Warsaw over whether troops will arrive as promised.	1
Mattis vows to strengthen military if confirmed for top Pentagon job	Mattis vowed to reinforce military if he was confirmed for top Pentagon job.	1
Mattis vows to strengthen military if confirmed for top Pentagon job	Mattis vows to strengthen the military if confirmed for top Pentagon job	1
Obama defends legacy , warns of a divided nation , in farewell address	Obama Defends Legacy, warns of a Divided Nation in Farewell Address	1
Obama defends legacy , warns of a divided nation , in farewell address	Obama defends legacy, warns of divided nation in farewell address	1
Gun-rights groups have high hopes for national ' reciprocity ' bill	Gun-rights groups have high hopes for national'reciprocity'bill	1
Gun-rights groups have high hopes for national ' reciprocity ' bill	Gun-rights groups have high hopes for national'reciprocity'bill.	1
Gun-rights groups have high hopes for national ' reciprocity ' bill	Gun-rights groups have high hopes for National  reciprocity '' bill	1
Gun-rights groups have high hopes for national ' reciprocity ' bill	Gun-rights groups have high hopes for a national'reciprocity'bill	1
Gun-rights groups have high hopes for national ' reciprocity ' bill	Gun-rights groups have high hopes for a national  reciprocity '' bill	1
Many say " Downton Abbey " is fueling the demand for butler training programs in China	Many say'Downton Abbey'fuels demand for butler training programs in China	1
Many say " Downton Abbey " is fueling the demand for butler training programs in China	Many say #Downton Abbey is fueling demand for butler training programs in china.	1
Donald Trump refuses to take a question from CNN's senior White House correspondent @Acosta	Donald Trump refuses to take a question from CNN senior White House correspondent @Acosta	1
Donald Trump refuses to take a question from CNN's senior White House correspondent @Acosta	Trump refuses to take a question from CNN's Senior White House Correspondent Acosta	1
Jane Goodall has studied chimps for six decades . Now she's turning her attention to humans	Jane Goodall, a woman who has studied chimps for six decades, now turns her attention to humans.	1
An online C-Span broadcast was interrupted for about 10 minutes by RT , a Russian network	C-Span online broadcast was interrupted for about 10 minutes by RT, a Russian network	1
An online C-Span broadcast was interrupted for about 10 minutes by RT , a Russian network	The online C-Span broadcast was interrupted for about 10 minutes by RT, a Russian network.	1
An online C-Span broadcast was interrupted for about 10 minutes by RT , a Russian network	An online C-Span broadcast was interrupted about 10 minutes by RT, a Russian network	1
In the Trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to Goldman alumni .	In the Trump Administration, economic policy making is being handed to Goldman alumni	1
In the Trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to Goldman alumni .	Among the Trump administration, economic policymaking is being handed over to Goldman alumni.	1
In the Trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to Goldman alumni .	In the Trump Administration, economic policy making is being handed over to Goldman alumni.	1
In the Trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to Goldman alumni .	In the Trump administration, economic policy making is handed over to Goldman alumni.	1
In the Trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to Goldman alumni .	Inside the Trump administration, Economic Policy Making is handed over to Goldman alumni.	1
In the Trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to Goldman alumni .	In the Trump Administration, economic policy making is being handed to Goldman Alumni.	1
In the Trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to Goldman alumni .	Within the Trump Administration, economic policymaking is being handed over to Goldman alumni.	1
In the Trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to Goldman alumni .	In the Trump Administration, economic policymaking is being handed over to Goldman alumni.	1
In the Trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to Goldman alumni .	In the Trump administration, economic policy making is being given to Goldman alumni.	1
In the Trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to Goldman alumni .	In the Trump Administration, Economic Policy Making is handed to Goldman Alumni.	1
In the Trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to Goldman alumni .	In the Trump administration, economic policy making is handed to Goldman alumni	1
In the Trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to Goldman alumni .	In the Trump Administration, economic policy making is being handed to Goldman alumni.	1
In the Trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to Goldman alumni .	In the Trump administration, economic policymaking is being handed to Goldman alumni.	1
In the Trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to Goldman alumni .	In the Trump administration, economic policy making is given to Goldman alumni.	1
In the Trump administration , economic policy making is being handed to Goldman alumni .	In the Trump administration, economic policy making is being handed to Goldman alumni	1
Donald Trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees I want them all to be themselves	Trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees. I want them all to be themselves.	1
Donald Trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees I want them all to be themselves	Trump on policy differences with Cabinet nominees : I want them all to be themselves	1
Donald Trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees I want them all to be themselves	Trump on policy differences with Cabinet nominees I want them all to be themselves	1
Donald Trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees I want them all to be themselves	Trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees: I want them all to be themselves	1
Donald Trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees I want them all to be themselves	Trump on policy differences with Cabinet nominees " I want them all to be themselves	1
Donald Trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees I want them all to be themselves	Trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees I want them all to be themselves	1
Donald Trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees I want them all to be themselves	Donald Trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees: I want them all to be themselves	1
Donald Trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees I want them all to be themselves	Trump on policy differences with Cabinet nominees: I want them all to be themselves	1
Donald Trump on policy differences with cabinet nominees I want them all to be themselves	Trump on policy differences with Cabinet nominees I want them all to be themselves.	1
Museum trustee , a Trump donor , supports groups that deny climate change	Museum trustee, a Trump donor, supports groups that deny climate change	1
Museum trustee , a Trump donor , supports groups that deny climate change	Museum trustee, Trump donor supports groups that deny climate change	1
Museum trustee , a Trump donor , supports groups that deny climate change	museum trustee, a Trump donor, supports groups that deny climate change	1
Museum trustee , a Trump donor , supports groups that deny climate change	Museum trustee, a Trump donor, supports groups that deny climate change.	1
Hill Republicans try to ease purchase of gun ' silencers , ' as NRA-backed Trump arrives	Hill Republicans try to ease purchase of gun  silencers '' as NRA-backed Trump arrives	1
Hill Republicans try to ease purchase of gun ' silencers , ' as NRA-backed Trump arrives	Hill Republicans look to ease purchase of gun silencers as NRA-backed Trump arrives	1
Hill Republicans try to ease purchase of gun ' silencers , ' as NRA-backed Trump arrives	Hill Republicans try to ease purchase of gun'silencers,'as NRA-backed Trump arrives	1
Hill Republicans try to ease purchase of gun ' silencers , ' as NRA-backed Trump arrives	Hill Republicans try to ease purchase of gun'silencers'as NRA-backed Trump arrives	1
Republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man	Republican men say its a better time to be a woman than a man.	1
Airbus plans to test self-driven airborne taxi by the end of 2017	Airbus to test self-driving airborne taxi by the end of 2017	1
Airbus plans to test self-driven airborne taxi by the end of 2017	Airbus is set to test self-driven Airborne taxi by the end of 2017	1
Airbus plans to test self-driven airborne taxi by the end of 2017	Airbus plans to test self-driven airborne taxi by the end of 2017.	1
The Chinese state news media lashed out at Rex Tillerson , warning that his remarks could provoke a conflict	China state media lashed out at Tillerson, saying his comments could cause a conflict	1
Will Democrats and Rubio quash Tillersons nomination to lead the State Department ?	Will Democrats and Rubio quash Tillersons nomination to lead State Dept?	1
Will Democrats and Rubio quash Tillersons nomination to lead the State Department ?	Will Democrats and Rubio quash Tillersons nomination to lead the state department?	1
Will Democrats and Rubio quash Tillersons nomination to lead the State Department ?	Will Democrats and Rubio quash Tillersons nomination to lead the State Department?	1
Will Democrats and Rubio quash Tillersons nomination to lead the State Department ?	Will Democrats, Rubio quash Tillersons nomination to lead State Department?	1
Will Democrats and Rubio quash Tillersons nomination to lead the State Department ?	Will Democrats and Rubio quash Tillersons nomination to lead the State Dept?	1
Will Democrats and Rubio quash Tillersons nomination to lead the State Department ?	Will Democrats and Rubio quash Tillersons nomination to lead State Department?	1
Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100 , 00 diesel vehicles , EPA said	Fiat Chrysler Used Secret Software That Permitted Illegal Excess Emissions for Over 100, 00 Diesel Vehicles, EPA Says	1
Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100 , 00 diesel vehicles , EPA said	Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100, 00 diesel vehicles, EPA said	1
Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100 , 00 diesel vehicles , EPA said	Fiat Chrysler Used Secret Software That Allowed Illegal Emissions for Over 100, 00 Diesel Vehicles, EPA Says	1
Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100 , 00 diesel vehicles , EPA said	Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for more than 100, 00 diesel vehicles, the Environmental Protection Agency said.	1
Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100 , 00 diesel vehicles , EPA said	Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excesses in emissions for over 100, 00 diesel vehicles, EPA said	1
Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100 , 00 diesel vehicles , EPA said	Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal over-emissions for over 100, 00 diesel cars, EPA said	1
Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100 , 00 diesel vehicles , EPA said	Fiat Chrysler Used Secret Software That Allowed Illegal Exceed Emissions for Over 100, 00 Diesel Vehicles, EPA Says	1
Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100 , 00 diesel vehicles , EPA said	Fiat Chrysler Used Secret Software That Allowed Illegal Excess Emissions for Over 100, 00 Diesel Vehicles, EPA Says	1
Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100 , 00 diesel vehicles , EPA said	Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excessive emissions for over 100, 00 Diesel Vehicles, EPA said.	1
Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100 , 00 diesel vehicles , EPA said	Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100, 00 Diesel vehicles, EPA said	1
Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100 , 00 diesel vehicles , EPA said	Fiat Chrysler Used Secret Software That Permitted Illegal Exceeding Emissions for Over 100, 00 Diesel Vehicles, EPA Says	1
Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100 , 00 diesel vehicles , EPA said	Fiat Chrysler Used Secret Software That Permitted Illegal Exceed Emissions for Over 100, 00 Diesel Vehicles, EPA Says	1
Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100 , 00 diesel vehicles , EPA said	Fiat Chrysler used secret software that allowed illegal excess emissions for over 100, 00 diesel vehicles, EPA said.	1
In a first , sitting senator Booker to testify against colleague Sessions AG nomination	In a First, Sitting Senator Booker to Testify Against Colleague Sessions AG Nomination	1
Drone delivery startup Flirtey raises $16 million to become a .	Drone delivery startup Flirtey raises $16M to become a.	1
Drone delivery startup Flirtey raises $16 million to become a .	Drone delivery startup Flirtey raises $16 Million to become a.	1
Drone delivery startup Flirtey raises $16 million to become a .	Drone delivery startup Flirtey raises $16M to become a	1
Rome metro system and some schools evacuated as 5.3 -magnitude earthquake rocks central Italy	Rome Metro, Some Schools Evacuated as 5.3 magnitude quake rocks central Italy	1
Rome metro system and some schools evacuated as 5.3 -magnitude earthquake rocks central Italy	Rome Metro, Schools Evacuated as 5.3 magnitude quake rocks central Italy	1
Uber debuts Movement , a new website offering access to its trafficdata	Uber launches Movement, a new website offering access to its trafficdata	1
If leaked list is accurate , Hillary's Cabinet choices would've enraged Democratic left	If Leaked List Is Accurate, Hillary's Cabinet Choices Would Have Enraged the Democratic Left	1
If leaked list is accurate , Hillary's Cabinet choices would've enraged Democratic left	If Leaked List Is Accurate, Clinton Cabinet Choices Would Have Enraged the Democratic Left	1
If leaked list is accurate , Hillary's Cabinet choices would've enraged Democratic left	If Leaked List Is Accurate, Hillarys Cabinet Choices Would Have Enraged the Democratic Left	1
Ringling Brothers holds press conference , says last circus will be in May	Ringling Brothers hold press conference, say last circus will be in May	1
Ringling Brothers holds press conference , says last circus will be in May	Ringling Brothers hold press conference to say last circus will be in May	1
Ringling Brothers holds press conference , says last circus will be in May	Ringling Brothers hold press conference, says last circus will be in May.	1
Ringling Brothers holds press conference , says last circus will be in May	Ringling Brothers holding press conference, says last circus will be in May.	1
Ringling Brothers holds press conference , says last circus will be in May	Ringling Brothers press conference says circus will last in May	1
Trump attorney announces President-elect will donate hotel profits from foreign governments to the US Treasury .	Trump Attorney Announces President-Elect Will Donate Hotel Profits From Foreign Governments to US Treasury	1
Trump attorney announces President-elect will donate hotel profits from foreign governments to the US Treasury .	Trump attorney announces president-elect to donate hotel profits from foreign governments to US Treasury	1
Bikers for Trump ' to Form ' Wall of Meat ' If Inauguration Protests Get Out of Hand	Bikers for Trump'to form'wall of meat'if inauguration protests get out of hand	1
Bikers for Trump ' to Form ' Wall of Meat ' If Inauguration Protests Get Out of Hand	Bikers for Trump'to form'wall of meat'If inauguration protests get out of hand	1
Bikers for Trump ' to Form ' Wall of Meat ' If Inauguration Protests Get Out of Hand	Bikers for Trump to Form  Wall of Meat '' If Inauguration Protests Get Out of Hand	1
Women's clothing retailer The Limited shuts down all its stores .	Women's clothing retailer The Limited is closing all its stores	1
White nationalists are already having a falling out with Trump and each other	White nationalists already have a falling out with Trump and each other.	1
White nationalists are already having a falling out with Trump and each other	White Nationalists already having a fallout with Trump and each other	1
White nationalists are already having a falling out with Trump and each other	The White Nationalists Are Already Having a Fall Out With Trump and Each Other.	1
White nationalists are already having a falling out with Trump and each other	White Nationalists Already Having a Fall Out With Trump and Each Other	1
White nationalists are already having a falling out with Trump and each other	White nationalists are already having a falling out with Trump and each other.	1
White nationalists are already having a falling out with Trump and each other	The white nationalists are already having a falling out with Trump and each other	1
White nationalists are already having a falling out with Trump and each other	White Nationalists Already Having a Falling Out With Trump and Each Other	1
White nationalists are already having a falling out with Trump and each other	White Nationalists Already Have a Fallout With Trump and Each Other	1
Obama sees Trump as " freely elected " and defends Lewis	Obama sees Trump as'freely elected'and defends Lewis.	1
Obama sees Trump as " freely elected " and defends Lewis	Obama sees Trump as'freely elected ', and defends Lewis	1
Obama sees Trump as " freely elected " and defends Lewis	Obama sees Trump as'freely elected'and defends Lewis	1
Obama sees Trump as " freely elected " and defends Lewis	Obama sees Trump as " freely elected " and defended Lewis	1
Obama sees Trump as " freely elected " and defends Lewis	Obama sees Trump as'freely elected ', defends Lewis	1
Obama and Trump offer a jarring split-screen image of two presidents who couldnt be any more divergent	Obama and Trump offer jarring split-screen picture of two presidents who couldnt be more divergent	1
Obama and Trump offer a jarring split-screen image of two presidents who couldnt be any more divergent	Obama and Trump offer jarring split-screen image of two presidents who could be no more divergent	1
Obama and Trump offer a jarring split-screen image of two presidents who couldnt be any more divergent	Obama and Trump offer jarring split-screen image of two presidents who couldnt be any more divergent	1
The quick action by Congress to revoke Obamacare adds urgency to the question of what comes next	The quick action by Congress to revoke Obamacare adds urgency to the question of what comes next.	1
The quick action by Congress to revoke Obamacare adds urgency to the question of what comes next	Quick action by congress to revoke Obamacare adds urgency to the question of what comes next	1
Norway is set to be the first country in the world to phase out FM radio	Norway is the first country to implement the phaseout of FM radio.	1
Norway is set to be the first country in the world to phase out FM radio	Norway is the first country in the world to phase out its FM radio infrastructure	1
Norway is set to be the first country in the world to phase out FM radio	Norway is the first country in the world to phase out FM radio!	1
Norway is set to be the first country in the world to phase out FM radio	Norway is set to become the first country in the world to phase out FM radio	1
We're back inside James Mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense	Were we back inside James Mattis'confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense	1
We're back inside James Mattis ' confirmation hearing to become secretary of defense	Now we're back inside James Mattis'confirmation hearing to become Secretary of Defense	1
Hillary Clinton is out in public again after the election , and New Yorkers are loving it	Hillary Clinton is out in public again after the election, and New Yorkers are loving it	1
Consumer Reports turned off Safari cache for their MacBook Pro battery tests	Consumer Reports turns off Safari cache for MacBook Pro battery tests	1
Consumer Reports turned off Safari cache for their MacBook Pro battery tests	Consumer Reports turns off Safari cache for MacBook Pro battery tests.	1
Consumer Reports turned off Safari cache for their MacBook Pro battery tests	Consumer Reports turned off Safari cache for its MacBook Pro battery tests	1
Consumer Reports turned off Safari cache for their MacBook Pro battery tests	Consumer Reports has disabled Safari cache for their MacBook Pro battery tests	1
The Obama we need is an Obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .	The Obama we need is an Obama who never wouldve become president in the first place.	1
The Obama we need is an Obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .	The Obama we need is an Obama who never would have become president in the first place.	1
The Obama we need is an Obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .	Obama: The Obama We Need Is an Obama Who Never Wouldve Been President in the First Place	1
The Obama we need is an Obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .	The Obama we need is an Obama who never wouldve become president in the first place	1
The Obama we need is an Obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .	The Obama we need is an Obama who never would have been president in the first place.	1
The Obama we need is an Obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .	The Obama We Need Is an Obama Who Would Never Have Been President in the First Place	1
The Obama we need is an Obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .	The Obama We Need Is an Obama Who Never Would Have Been President in the First Place.	1
The Obama we need is an Obama who never wouldve become president in the first place .	The Obama we need is an Obama who would never have been President in the first place.	1
Orlando police chief IDs slain officer as 17-year police veteran and mother of 2 children	Orlando police chief identifies slain officer as 17-year police veteran and mother of 2 children	1
Orlando police chief IDs slain officer as 17-year police veteran and mother of 2 children	Orlando police chief identifies slain officer as 17-year veteran and mother of 2 children.	1
Orlando police chief IDs slain officer as 17-year police veteran and mother of 2 children	Orlando police chief identifies slain officer as 17-year police veteran and mother of 2 children.	1
Orlando police chief IDs slain officer as 17-year police veteran and mother of 2 children	Orlando police chief identifies slain officer as 17-year veteran and mother of 2 children	1
Orlando police chief IDs slain officer as 17-year police veteran and mother of 2 children	Orlando police chief identifies slain officer as 17-year police veteran and mother of 2 kids	1
Orlando police chief IDs slain officer as 17-year police veteran and mother of 2 children	Orlando Police Chief Identifies Slain Officer as 17-Year Police Veteran and Mother of 2 Children	1
Orlando police chief IDs slain officer as 17-year police veteran and mother of 2 children	Orlando Police Chief Identifies slain officer as 17-Year Police Veteran and Mother of 2 Children	1
The Senate is getting ready for a vote-a-rama . Allow us to explain .	The Senate is getting ready for a vote-a-rama. Let us explain.	1
The Senate is getting ready for a vote-a-rama . Allow us to explain .	The Senate Is Getting Ready for a Vote-A-Rama. Let's explain	1
The Senate is getting ready for a vote-a-rama . Allow us to explain .	The Senate is getting ready for a vote-a-rama. Let us explain	1
Senator Tim Kaine challenged Rex Tillerson on his climate change views	Senator Kaine challenged Tillerson on his climate change views	1
Stage separation and engine shutdown confirmed , great news so far for SpaceX	Stage separation and engine shutdown confirmed, great news for SpaceX!	1
Stage separation and engine shutdown confirmed , great news so far for SpaceX	Stage separation and engine shutdown confirmed, great news so far for SpaceX	1
Facebook , nodding to its role in media , starts a " Journalism Project	Facebook, nodding to its role in media, starts a " Journalism Project	1
Facebook , nodding to its role in media , starts a " Journalism Project	Facebook, Nodding to Its Role in Media, Starts a Journalism Project	1
Facebook , nodding to its role in media , starts a " Journalism Project	Facebook, nodding to its role in media, starts a journalism project	1
The search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 is called off after nearly 3 years	Search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 Is Called Off After Nearly 3 Years	1
The search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 is called off after nearly 3 years	Search for Malaysia Airlines Flight #370 Is Called Off After Nearly 3 Years	1
Clinton confidante Neera Tanden I don't expect " Hillary Clinton to run for office again	Clinton confidante Neera Tanden : I don't expect 'Hillary Clinton to run for office again	1
Clinton confidante Neera Tanden I don't expect " Hillary Clinton to run for office again	Clinton confidante Neera Tanden I don't expect " Clinton to run for office again"	1
Clinton confidante Neera Tanden I don't expect " Hillary Clinton to run for office again	Clinton confidante Neera Tanden: I don't expect " Hillary Clinton to run for office again	1
Clinton confidante Neera Tanden I don't expect " Hillary Clinton to run for office again	Clinton confidante Neera Tanden I don't expect " Clinton to run for office again	1
Worried about the direction of our government ? Dont just tweet . Run for office	Worried About the Direction of Our Government? Dont Just Tweet. Run for Office	1
I fixed the pathetic infographic @GOP tweeted out during #FarewellObama . Their graphic on left .	I fixed the pathetic infographic @GOP tweeted out during #FarewellObama. Their graphic on left	1
I fixed the pathetic infographic @GOP tweeted out during #FarewellObama . Their graphic on left .	I fixed the pathetic infographic @GOP tweeted out during #FarewellObama. Their graphic is on the left.	1
I fixed the pathetic infographic @GOP tweeted out during #FarewellObama . Their graphic on left .	I fixed the pathetic infographic @GOP tweeted out during #FarewellObama. Their graphic on left.	1
I fixed the pathetic infographic @GOP tweeted out during #FarewellObama . Their graphic on left .	I fixed the pathetic infographic @GOP tweeted out during #FarewellObama. Their graphic on the left.	1
President-elect Donald Trump urges people to shop at L.L. Bean after an anti-Trump group called for a boycott	Donald Trump urges people to shop at L.L. Bean after anti-Trump group calls for boycott	1
In Beijing , pollution is both a health issue and a class issue	In Beijing, pollution is both a health issue and a class issue.	1
Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning .	Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning.	1
Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning .	President-elect Donald Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning.	1
Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning .	Trump calls Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning.	1
Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning .	Trump calls Streep'one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood'in tweet Monday morning.	1
Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning .	Donald Trump called Streep'one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood' in a tweet Monday morning.	1
Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning .	Trump called Streep'one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood'in a tweet Monday morning.	1
Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning .	Donald Trump called Streep'one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood'in a tweet Monday morning.	1
Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning .	Donald Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning	1
Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning .	Trump called Streep'one of Hollywood's most over-rated actresses in a tweet Monday morning.	1
Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning .	In a tweet Monday morning, Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood ".	1
Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning .	Mr. Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning.	1
Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning .	Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning	1
Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning .	Donald Trump called Streep, one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood, in a tweet Monday morning.	1
Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning .	Donald Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning.	1
Trump called Streep " one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood " in a tweet Monday morning .	In a tweet Monday morning, Trump called Streep'one of the most over-rated actresses in Hollywood	1
Unable to fund production of its camera drone , Lily will shut down and refund customers	Unable to fund production of its Camera Drone, Lily will shut down and refund customers	1
Ringling Bros circus to close the " Greatest Show on Earth " after 146 years	Ringling Bros circus to close'Greatest Show on Earth'after 146 years	1
Ringling Bros circus to close the " Greatest Show on Earth " after 146 years	Ringling Bros circus to close " Greatest Show on Earth " after 146 years.	1
Ringling Bros circus to close the " Greatest Show on Earth " after 146 years	Ringling Bros circus to close'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years	1
Ringling Bros circus to close the " Greatest Show on Earth " after 146 years	Ringling Bros circus to close'Greatest Show on Earth'After 146 years	1
Ringling Bros circus to close the " Greatest Show on Earth " after 146 years	Ringling Bros circus to close " Greatest Show on Earth'after 146 years	1
How Vladimir Putin engineered Russias return to global powerand what hell do next	How Putin engineered Russias return to global power and what hell do next	1
The highs and lows of President Obama's eight years in office	The Highs and Lows of President Obamas Eight Years in Office	1
FBI denied repeated requests to access DNC servers , Podestas device	FBI denies repeated requests to access DNC servers, Podestas device	1
FBI denied repeated requests to access DNC servers , Podestas device	FBI denied repeated requests to access DNC servers, Podestas device	1
FBI denied repeated requests to access DNC servers , Podestas device	FBI denies repeated requests to access DNC servers and Podestas device	1
FBI denied repeated requests to access DNC servers , Podestas device	FBI denies multiple requests to access DNC servers, Podestas device	1
FBI denied repeated requests to access DNC servers , Podestas device	FBI denied multiple requests to access DNC servers, Podestas device	1
FBI denied repeated requests to access DNC servers , Podestas device	The FBI denied multiple requests to access DNC servers, Podestas device	1
FBI denied repeated requests to access DNC servers , Podestas device	The FBI denies repeated requests to access DNC servers, Podestas device	1
FBI denied repeated requests to access DNC servers , Podestas device	FBI denied multiple requests to access DNC servers, Podestas device.	1
FBI denied repeated requests to access DNC servers , Podestas device	FBI denies repeated requests to access DNC servers, Podestas device.	1
FBI denied repeated requests to access DNC servers , Podestas device	FBI denied repeated requests to access DNC servers, Podestas device.	1
Protesters planning to blockade inauguration checkpoints , ' party ' outside Pence home	Protesters Plan to Block Inauguration Checkpoints, Party Outside Pence Home	1
Protesters planning to blockade inauguration checkpoints , ' party ' outside Pence home	Protesters planning to blockade inauguration checkpoints, party, outside Pence house	1
Moon Express raises $20 million in Series B-1 , fully funds trip to the Moon	Moon Express raises $20 million in Series B-1, fully funds trip to the Moon	1
Moon Express raises $20 million in Series B-1 , fully funds trip to the Moon	Moon Express raises $20M in Series B-1, fully funds trip to the Moon	1
Moon Express raises $20 million in Series B-1 , fully funds trip to the Moon	Moon Express raises $20M in Series B-1, fully funds trip to Moon	1
Moon Express raises $20 million in Series B-1 , fully funds trip to the Moon	Moon Express raises $20m in Series B-1, fully funds trip to the Moon	1
Moon Express raises $20 million in Series B-1 , fully funds trip to the Moon	Moon Express raises $20 million in Series B-1, fully funds trip to the Moon.	1
Moon Express raises $20 million in Series B-1 , fully funds trip to the Moon	Moon Express raises $20M in Series B-1, fully funds trip to the Moon.	1
Facing Donald Trump on Twitter is like going to " a knife fight with a spoon , " a candidate for DNC chairman said	Facing Trump on Twitter is like going to'a knife fight with a spoon,'a candidate for DNC chairman said.	1
Facing Donald Trump on Twitter is like going to " a knife fight with a spoon , " a candidate for DNC chairman said	Facing Donald Trump on Twitter is like going to'a knife fight with a spoon, "" candidate for DNC chairman said.	1
Reminder that Trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of Hitler's speeches by his bed .	Reminder that Trump sneaked out his ex-wife by keeping a book of Hitler's speeches by his bed.	1
Reminder that Trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of Hitler's speeches by his bed .	Reminder that Trump scared his ex-wife out by keeping a book of Hitler's speeches by his bed.	1
Reminder that Trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of Hitler's speeches by his bed .	Reminder that Trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of Hitler's speeches by his bed.	1
Reminder that Trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of Hitler's speeches by his bed .	Reminder that Trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of Hitler's speeches by his bed	1
Reminder that Trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of Hitler's speeches by his bed .	Reminder that Trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of Hitlers speeches by his bed.	1
Reminder that Trump creeped out his ex-wife by keeping a book of Hitler's speeches by his bed .	Reminder that Trump crept out his ex-wife by keeping a book of Hitler's speeches by his bed.	1
Obama defends commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .	Obama defends commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentence, says'justice has been served	1
Obama defends commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .	Obama defends commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentence, says justice has been served	1
Obama defends commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .	Obama defends commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentence, says justice has been served.	1
Obama defends commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .	President Barack Obama defends commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentencing, says'justice has been served	1
Obama defends commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .	Obama defends commutation of Chelsea Manning sentence, says Justice has been served	1
Obama defends commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .	Obama defended commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentence, saying justice has been served.	1
Obama defends commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .	Obama defends commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentence, says'justice has been served.	1
Obama defends commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .	Obama defends commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentence, says Justice has been served	1
Obama defends commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .	Obama defends commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentence, says Justice has been served.	1
Obama defends commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentence , says " justice has been served .	Obama defends commutation of Chelsea Manning's sentence, says " justice has been served	1
Liberals , dont let Donald Trump tarnish L.L. Beans sterling brand reputation	Liberals, Dont Let Donald Trump Tarnish L.L. Beans Sterling Brand Reputation	1
Liberals , dont let Donald Trump tarnish L.L. Beans sterling brand reputation	Liberals, Dont Let Trump Tarnish L.L. Beans Sterling Brand Reputation	1
What August Wilson means now , in the 21st century after Barack Obamas presidency	What August Wilson means now in the 21st century after Barack Obamas presidency	1
What August Wilson means now , in the 21st century after Barack Obamas presidency	What August Wilson means now, in the 21st century, after Barack Obamas presidency	1
If Putin likes Donald Trump , I consider that an asset , not a liability .	If Putin likes Donald Trump, I consider that an asset, not a liability.	1
If Putin likes Donald Trump , I consider that an asset , not a liability .	If Putin likes Donald Trump, then I consider that asset, not a liability.	1
If Putin likes Donald Trump , I consider that an asset , not a liability .	If Putin Likes Donald Trump, I Consider That an Asset, Not a Risk	1
If Putin likes Donald Trump , I consider that an asset , not a liability .	If Putin Likes Donald Trump, I Consider That an Asset, Not a Liability	1
If Putin likes Donald Trump , I consider that an asset , not a liability .	If Putin likes Donald Trump, then I consider that an asset, not a liability.	1
The moment President Obama placed the Presidential Medal of Freedom around VP Joe Biden's neck	The moment President Obama placed the Presidential Medal of Freedom around VP Joe Biden's neck.	1
The moment President Obama placed the Presidential Medal of Freedom around VP Joe Biden's neck	The moment Obama placed the Presidential Medal of Freedom around VP Joe Biden's neck	1
Coretta Scott King's posthumous memoir is a quiet account of a brutal historical era	Coretta Scott Kings posthumous memoir is a quiet account of a brutal historical era	1
Coretta Scott King's posthumous memoir is a quiet account of a brutal historical era	Coretta Scott King's posthumous memoir is a quiet account of a brutal historical era.	1
Snow in Istanbul always feels magical . But this week , a blizzard is what the city needed .	Snow is always magical in Istanbul. But this week a blizzard just what the city needed	1
Zhou Youguang , Who Made Writing Chinese as Simple as ABC , Dies at 111	Zhou Youguang, The Man Who Made Writing Chinese as Simple as ABC, Dies at 111	1
She may be the most powerful black woman in the country , a position that begs to be used	She may be the most powerful black woman in the country, a position that begs to be used	1
Time for America to shed meaningless party labels and come together to do what's stupid .	Time for America to shed meaningless party labels and come together to do what's stupid	1
Time for America to shed meaningless party labels and come together to do what's stupid .	It's time for America to shed meaningless party labels and come together to do what's stupid.	1
Time for America to shed meaningless party labels and come together to do what's stupid .	Time for America to shed meaningless party labels. Come together to do what's stupid.	1
The treatment of black lawmakers becomes a flashpoint at the Sessions hearing	The treatment of black lawmakers becomes a flashpoint at Sessions hearing.	1
The treatment of black lawmakers becomes a flashpoint at the Sessions hearing	The treatment of black lawmakers becomes a flashpoint at Sessions hearing	1
The treatment of black lawmakers becomes a flashpoint at the Sessions hearing	Treatment of black lawmakers becomes a flashpoint at Sessions hearing	1
You made the White House a place that belongs to everybodyyou have made me proud .	You have made the White House a place that belongs to everybody, and you have made me proud.	1
You made the White House a place that belongs to everybodyyou have made me proud .	You made the White House a place that belongs to everybody You have made me proud	1
Donald Trump refuses to take a question from CNN's Senior White House Correspondent @Acosta	Trump refuses to take a question from CNN's senior white house correspondent @Acosta	1
Donald Trump acknowledges that Mexico won't be paying for that wall , at least not for now	Trump acknowledges that Mexico won't be paying for that wall, at least not for now	1
Donald Trump acknowledges that Mexico won't be paying for that wall , at least not for now	Trump admits Mexico won't be paying for wall, at least not for now	1
Fort Lauderdale airport shooter Esteban Santiago says he carried out the attack on behalf of ISIS , FBI says	Fort Lauderdale airport shooter, Esteban Santiago, says he carried out attack for ISIS, FBI says	1
Fort Lauderdale airport shooter Esteban Santiago says he carried out the attack on behalf of ISIS , FBI says	Fort Lauderdale airport shooter Esteban Santiago says he carried out attack on behalf of ISIS, FBI says.	1
Fort Lauderdale airport shooter Esteban Santiago says he carried out the attack on behalf of ISIS , FBI says	Fort Lauderdale airport shooter Esteban Santiago says he carried out the attack on behalf of ISIS, FBI says	1
Rep. Mike Coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about ACA repeal	Rep. Mike Coffman sneaks out of event early as constituents ask about ACA repeal	1
Rep. Mike Coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about ACA repeal	Rep. Mike Coffman sneaks out of event early as constituents try to ask about ACA repeal	1
Rep. Mike Coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about ACA repeal	Rep. Mike Coffman snuck out of event early as constituents tried to ask about ACA repeal.	1
He gave away $8 billion , almost all in total secrecy	He gave away $8 billion, almost all in total secrecy	1
He gave away $8 billion , almost all in total secrecy	He gave away $8 Billion, almost all in Secret	1
He gave away $8 billion , almost all in total secrecy	He gave away $8Billion, almost all in total secrecy	1
Rex Tillersons remarks on the South China Sea foreshadow a possible foreign policy crisis	Rex Tillerson's recent remarks on the South China Sea underline a possible foreign policy crisis	1
Rex Tillersons remarks on the South China Sea foreshadow a possible foreign policy crisis	Rex Tillerson's comments on the South China Sea foreshadow a possible foreign policy crisis	1
It can power a small nation . But this wind farm in China is mostly idle .	It can power a small nation. But this large-scale wind farm in China is mostly idle.	1
The Trump transition team announces that Rudy Giuliani will advise Trump on cybersecurity	Trump transition team announces Giuliani will counsel Trump on cybersecurity.	1
A righteous coalition of red-state cities and towns is just what the left needs right now .	A righteous coalition of red-state cities and towns is exactly what the left needs right now.	1
A righteous coalition of red-state cities and towns is just what the left needs right now .	A righteous coalition of towns and cities in the red states is just what the left needs right now.	1
SHOWDOWN ON THE HILL Democrats to rehang police-as-pigs art defiant GOP lawmaker took down	SHOWDOWN ON THE HILL The Democrats to rehang police-as-pigs art defiant GOP lawmaker took down	1
Trump National Security Adviser Called Russian Envoy Day Before Sanctions Were Imposed	Trump National Security Advisor Called Russian Envoy Day Before Sanctions Were Imposed.	1
Trump National Security Adviser Called Russian Envoy Day Before Sanctions Were Imposed	Trump's National Security Adviser Called Russian Envoy Day Before Sanctions Were Imposed	1
Kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power	Kompromat is'a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power.	1
Kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power	Kompromat Is'a very Cheap and Easy Way for the Regime to Demonstrate Its Power	1
Kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power	Kompromat is'a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power	1
Kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power	Kompromat is an " inexpensive and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power	1
Kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power	Kompromat is'a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power '.	1
Kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power	Kompromat is a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power	1
Kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power	Kompromat is a " very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power	1
Kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power	Kompromat'a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power	1
Kompromat is " a very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power	Kompromat is a " very cheap and easy way for the regime to demonstrate its power.	1
Cory Booker seizes big moment with historic move to testify against another sitting senator	Cory Booker seizes big moment with historic move to testify against another sitting senator.	1
Navy destroyer fires warning shots at Iranian vessels in Strait of Hormuz	A Navy destroyer fires warning shots at Iranian ships in the Strait of Hormuz	1
Marissa Mayer resigning from Yahoo board as company renames itself Altaba	Marissa Mayer resigning from Yahoo board as company renames itself Altaba.	1
Marissa Mayer resigning from Yahoo board as company renames itself Altaba	Marissa Mayer quits Yahoo board as the company renames itself Altaba	1
Marissa Mayer resigning from Yahoo board as company renames itself Altaba	Marissa Mayer resigning from Yahoo Board as company renames itself to Altaba	1
Marissa Mayer resigning from Yahoo board as company renames itself Altaba	Marissa Mayer resigning from Yahoo board as company renames itself to Altaba	1
Marissa Mayer resigning from Yahoo board as company renames itself Altaba	Marissa Mayer resigning from Yahoo board, as firm renames itself Altaba	1
Members at DC country club take swing at Obama over Israel stance	Members at the country club in the Capital take a swing at President Obama over Israel stance	1
Members at DC country club take swing at Obama over Israel stance	Members at DC Country Club Take Swing At Obama Over Israel stance.	1
As Trump discusses " fake news The real story about fake news is partisanship	as Trump discusses'fake news " The real story about fake news is partisanship	1
As Trump discusses " fake news The real story about fake news is partisanship	As Trump Delves Into Fake News, the Real Story About Fake News Is Partisanship	1
As Trump discusses " fake news The real story about fake news is partisanship	Trump discusses'fake news '. The real story about fake news is partisanship	1
As Trump discusses " fake news The real story about fake news is partisanship	As Trump Discusses'Fake News'" The Real Story About Fake News Is Partisanship	1
Trump said he " will be the greatest job president God has ever created . That will be tough to fulfill .	Donald Trump says he will be the greatest job President God has ever created That will be difficult to fulfill.	1
He's the best squash player in the world . His coach is someone who has never played the sport	The best squash player in the world. His coach is someone who has never played the sport.	1
Still images show immediate aftermath of Fort Lauderdale Int'l Airport shooting	Still images show immediate aftermath of Fort Lauderdale INtl Airport shooting	1
Still images show immediate aftermath of Fort Lauderdale Int'l Airport shooting	Still Images Show Moments After Fort Lauderdale Int'l Airport Shoot	1
Still images show immediate aftermath of Fort Lauderdale Int'l Airport shooting	Still images show immediate aftermath of Fort Lauderdale intl. Airport shooting	1
Still images show immediate aftermath of Fort Lauderdale Int'l Airport shooting	Still images show immediate aftermath of Fort Lauderdale Intl Airport shooting	1
He helped topple a dictator . In New York , hes another face in the crowd .	He Helped Topple a Dictator. In New York, Hes Another Face in the Crowd. He is	1
Power brokers are in Davos to discuss globalization . But there's no appetite for redistributing wealth .	Power brokers in Davos talk Globalization, but there is no appetite for redistributing wealth	1
Power brokers are in Davos to discuss globalization . But there's no appetite for redistributing wealth .	Power brokers in Davos to discuss globalization, but there's no appetite for redistributing wealth	1
FBI , CIA , NSA , DOJ , and Treasury Probing Possible Covert Kremlin Aid to Trump .	FBI, CIA, NSA, DOJ, Treasury Investigators Are Probeing Possible Covert Kremlin Aid to Trump	1
FBI , CIA , NSA , DOJ , and Treasury Probing Possible Covert Kremlin Aid to Trump .	FBI, CIA, NSA, DOJ, and Treasury looking into possible covert Kremlin payments to Trump.	1
initial official reports spoke of Turkish Airline plane . We updated as the news became clearer	First official reports spoke of Turkish Airline plane We updated as the news became clearer	1
Jeff Sessions was nominated for attorney general . Here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .	Jeff Sessions Is Nominated for U.G. Attorney General. Here are his Positions on policing, surveillance, and immigration.	1
Jeff Sessions was nominated for attorney general . Here are his positions on policing , surveillance and immigration .	Jeff Sessions Nominated for Attorney General, Here Are His Positions on Police, Surveillance, and Immigration	1
Orlando police officer shot multiple times outside Walmart ; suspect on the run	Orlando police officer shot multiple times outside Walmart ; suspect on the run.	1
Orlando police officer shot multiple times outside Walmart ; suspect on the run	Orlando police officer shot multiple times outside Walmart. suspect on the run	1
Orlando police officer shot multiple times outside Walmart ; suspect on the run	Orlando police officer shot multiple times outside Walmart, suspect on the run	1
Orlando police officer shot multiple times outside Walmart ; suspect on the run	Orlando police officer shot multiple times outside Walmart. Suspect on the Run	1
This is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .	This is even more insane in some ways than the lack of ethics clearance.	1
This is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .	In some ways this is even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance.	1
This is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .	This is even more insane in some ways than the lack of ethical clearance.	1
This is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .	In some ways, this is even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance.	1
This is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .	This is, in some ways, even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance.	1
This is , in some ways , even more insane than the lack of ethics clearance .	This is, in some ways, even more insane than the lack of ethical clearance.	1
Tomorrow's cover story It's open war between the media and Donald Trump	Tomorrows Cover Story It's Open War Between the Media and Donald Trump	1
Only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas	Only 3 species outlive their fertility humans, short-finned pilot whales and orcas.	1
Only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas	Only 3 species outlive their fertile humans, short-finned pilot whales and orcas	1
Only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas	Only 3 species outlive their fertility humans, short-finned pilot whales and orcas	1
Only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas	Only 3 species outlive their fertile humans, short-finned pilot whales and orcas.	1
Only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas	Only 3 species outlive their reproductive human species, short-finned pilot whales and orcas	1
Only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas	Only 3 species outlive their fertility - humans, short-finned pilot whales and orcas	1
Only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas	Only 3 species outlive their fecundity humans, short-finned pilot whales and orcas	1
Only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas	Only 3 species outlive their reproductive and living humans, short-finned pilot whales and orcas	1
Only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas	Only 3 species outlive their fertility -humans, short-finned pilot whales, and orcas	1
Only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas	Only 3 species outlive their fertility humans, short-finned pilot whales, and orcas	1
Only 3 species outlive their fertility humans , short-finned pilot whales and orcas	Only 3 species outlive their fertile humans, short-finned pilot whales, and orcas	1
Obama looks to lock in $1 billion to schools with low-income kids	Obama looks to lock in $1B to schools with low-income kids.	1
For all our outward differences , we all share the same proud title President Barack Obama	For all our outward differences, we all share the same proud title, President Barack Obama	1
For all our outward differences , we all share the same proud title President Barack Obama	For all our outward differences, we all share the same proud title President Obama	1
For all our outward differences , we all share the same proud title President Barack Obama	For all our outward differences, we all share the same proud title President Barack Obama	1
For all our outward differences , we all share the same proud title President Barack Obama	For all our outward differences, we all share the same proud title: President Barack Obama.	1
Ethics paperwork is still missing for Donald Trump's billionaire Cabinet picks	Ethics paperwork still missing for Trump's billionaire Cabinet picks.	1
Ethics paperwork is still missing for Donald Trump's billionaire Cabinet picks	Ethics paperwork still missing for Donald Trump's billionaire Cabinet picks	1
While bricks-and-mortar retailers cut jobs , Amazon said it would add 100,000 workers	While bricks-and-mortar retailers cut jobs, Amazon will add 100,000 jobs to its existing list.	1
China's president spurned protectionism while implicitly rebuking Donald Trump at the World Economic Forum in Davos	China's President spurned protectionism while implicitly rebuking Trump at the World Economic Forum in Davos.	1
China's president spurned protectionism while implicitly rebuking Donald Trump at the World Economic Forum in Davos	China's President spurns protectionism, while implicitly rebuking Donald Trump at the World Economic Forum in Davos	1
China's president spurned protectionism while implicitly rebuking Donald Trump at the World Economic Forum in Davos	China's president spurned protectionism at the World Economic Forum in Davos, while implicitly rebuking Trump	1
Flynn had five calls with Russian envoy on day of sanctions	Flynn had five calls with Russian ambassador on the day of sanctions	1
Flynn had five calls with Russian envoy on day of sanctions	Flynn had five phone calls with Russian envoy on day of sanctions	1
Flynn had five calls with Russian envoy on day of sanctions	Flynn had five calls with Russian ambassador on day of sanctions	1
Flynn had five calls with Russian envoy on day of sanctions	Flynn had five calls with Russian ambassador, on day of sanctions	1
Toll for Virginia express lanes rises over $30 during evening rush hour	Toll for expressways in Virginia rises over $30 during evening rush hour	1
Toll for Virginia express lanes rises over $30 during evening rush hour	Toll for Express Lanes in Virginia rises over $30 During Night Rush Hour	1
Donald Trump's son-in-law , Jared Kushner , will be senior adviser to the president	Jared Kushner, Trumps son-in-law, will become senior adviser to the president	1
Donald Trump's son-in-law , Jared Kushner , will be senior adviser to the president	Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law, will be senior adviser to President Trump	1
Donald Trump's son-in-law , Jared Kushner , will be senior adviser to the president	Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law, will be senior adviser to President.	1
Donald Trump's son-in-law , Jared Kushner , will be senior adviser to the president	Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law, will be senior adviser to President Donald Trump	1
Donald Trump's son-in-law , Jared Kushner , will be senior adviser to the president	Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law, will be senior adviser to president	1
Donald Trump's son-in-law , Jared Kushner , will be senior adviser to the president	Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law, will become senior adviser to President Donald Trump	1
Donald Trump's son-in-law , Jared Kushner , will be senior adviser to the president	Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law, will be senior adviser to the president	1
Donald Trump's son-in-law , Jared Kushner , will be senior adviser to the president	Jared Kushner, the son-in-law of Donald Trump, will become senior adviser to the president.	1
With a week left in office , President Obama wanted to talk about novels . Here's a transcript	President Obama wanted to talk about novels, but with only a week left in office, here's a transcript	1
With a week left in office , President Obama wanted to talk about novels . Here's a transcript	With a Week Left in Office, President Obama Wanted to Talk About Novels. Here's a Transcript	1
With a week left in office , President Obama wanted to talk about novels . Here's a transcript	President Obama wanted to talk about novels with a week left in office. Heres a transcript	1
With a week left in office , President Obama wanted to talk about novels . Here's a transcript	With a Week Left In Office, President Obama Wanted to Talk About Novels. Here's a Transcript	1
With a week left in office , President Obama wanted to talk about novels . Here's a transcript	With a Week Left in Office, President Obama Wanted to Talk About Novels. Heres a Transcript	1
With a week left in office , President Obama wanted to talk about novels . Here's a transcript	With only a week left in office, Obama wanted to talk about novels. Heres a transcript.	1
Kellyanne Conway has discovered the ctrl + f function on her keyboard and it is blowing her mind	Kellyanne Conway has discovered the ctrl + f function on her keyboard and is blowing her mind.	1
Kellyanne Conway has discovered the ctrl + f function on her keyboard and it is blowing her mind	Kellyanne Conway discovered the ctrl + f function on her keyboard and it is blowing her mind	1
Kellyanne Conway has discovered the ctrl + f function on her keyboard and it is blowing her mind	Kellyanne Conway's recently discovered ctrl + f function on her keyboard. It is blowing her mind.	1
Kellyanne Conway has discovered the ctrl + f function on her keyboard and it is blowing her mind	Kellyanne Conway discovers the ctrl + f function on her keyboard, and it blows her mind.	1
Kellyanne Conway has discovered the ctrl + f function on her keyboard and it is blowing her mind	Kellyanne Conway has discovered the ctrl + f function on her keyboard and it is blowing her mind!	1
Nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers in Borno , killing more than 50 people , aid group says	A Nigerian fighter jet strike refugees and aid workers in Borno, killing more than 50 people, an aid group says.	1
Nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers in Borno , killing more than 50 people , aid group says	A Nigerian fighter jet hits refugees and aid workers in Borno, killing more than 50 people, aid group says	1
Nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers in Borno , killing more than 50 people , aid group says	Nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers in Borno, killing more than 50 people, aid group says	1
Nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers in Borno , killing more than 50 people , aid group says	Nigerian fighter jet hits refugees and aid workers in Borno, killing more than 50, aid group says	1
Nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers in Borno , killing more than 50 people , aid group says	Nigerian fighter jet strikes refugees and aid workers in Borno, killing more than 50 people, aid group says.	1
Without referencing him by name , Meryl Streep blasted Trump for mocking a reporter with a disability	Meryl Streep blasted Trump for mocking a reporter with a disability without referencing him by name	1
AT & T denies refunds for DirecTV Now customers , despite the service's performance issues	AT & T Denies Refunds for DirecTV Now Customers, Despite Service Performance Issues	1
AT & T denies refunds for DirecTV Now customers , despite the service's performance issues	AT & T denies refunds for DirecTV Now customers, despite the service's performance issues	1
Trump reportedly insists new healthcare plan will have ' insurance for everybody	Donald Trump reportedly insists new healthcare plan will have'insurance for everyone	1
Trump reportedly insists new healthcare plan will have ' insurance for everybody	Trump insists new health care plan will have'insurance for everybody'Trump reportedly insists	1
Sen. Chuck Schumer says Tom Price may have broken the law with stock purchase	Sen. Chuck Schumer says Tom Price may have broken the law in a stock purchase.	1
Sen. Chuck Schumer says Tom Price may have broken the law with stock purchase	Sen. Chuck Schumer says Tom Price may have broken the law with stock buying	1
Sen. Chuck Schumer says Tom Price may have broken the law with stock purchase	Sen. Chuck Schumer said Tom Price may have broken the law with the stock purchase.	1
Sen. Chuck Schumer says Tom Price may have broken the law with stock purchase	Senator Chuck Schumer says Tom Price may have broken the law in stock transaction	1
Sen. Chuck Schumer says Tom Price may have broken the law with stock purchase	Sen. Chuck Schumer says Tom Price may have broken the law with stock purchase.	1
Sen. Chuck Schumer says Tom Price may have broken the law with stock purchase	Senator Chuck Schumer says Tom Price may have broken the law with stock purchase	1
Sen. Chuck Schumer says Tom Price may have broken the law with stock purchase	Senator Chuck Schumer says Tom Price may have broken the law with stock purchase.	1
Sen. Chuck Schumer says Tom Price may have broken the law with stock purchase	Sen. Chuck Schumer says Tom Price may have broken the law with a stock purchase	1
Sen. Chuck Schumer says Tom Price may have broken the law with stock purchase	Sen. Chuck Schumer says Tom Price may have broken the law by buying stock.	1
Why did women vote for Donald Trump ? Here's what they said .	Why Did Women Vote for Donald Trump? Heres What They Said	1
Why did women vote for Donald Trump ? Here's what they said .	Why did Women Vote For Donald Trump? Here's What They Said	1
Why did women vote for Donald Trump ? Here's what they said .	Why Did Women Vote For Donald Trump? That's what they said.	1
Linda Bean calls anti-Trump boycotts ' un-American , ' form of bullying	Linda Bean Calls Anti-Trump Boycotts'Un-American,'Form of Bullying!	1
Linda Bean calls anti-Trump boycotts ' un-American , ' form of bullying	Linda Bean calls anti-Trump boycotts'un-American,'form of bullying	1
Linda Bean calls anti-Trump boycotts ' un-American , ' form of bullying	Linda Bean Calls Anti-Trump Boycotts'Un-American,'Form of Bullying	1
What message do we send " with Chelsea Manning's commutation ?	What Message Do We Send? with Chelsea Manning's Commutation?	1
Donald Trump told Congress to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act " very quickly	Trump Tells Congress to Repeal and Replace Health Care Law'Very Quickly'	1
Donald Trump told Congress to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act " very quickly	Trump Tells Congress to Repeal and Replace Affordable Care Act'Very Quickly	1
After a 146-year run , Ringling Bros . circus is packing up for good . Ticket sales fell after phasing out elephants .	After 146-year run, Ringling Bros. circus is packing up for good. Ticket sales fell after phasing out elephants	1
U2 delaying album release , say they need ' breathing space ' to reassess after #Trump win	U2 Delay Album Release, Say They Need 'Breath Space' to Reevaluate After Trump Win	1
U2 delaying album release , say they need ' breathing space ' to reassess after #Trump win	U2 postpone releasing album, say they need'breathing space'to reassess after Trump win	1
U2 delaying album release , say they need ' breathing space ' to reassess after #Trump win	U2 have already delayed their album release, saying they need'breathing space'to reassess after Trump win	1
Facebook is censoring posts in Thailand that the government has deemed unsuitable	Facebook is censoring posts in Thailand that the government has deemed inappropriate	1
Facebook is censoring posts in Thailand that the government has deemed unsuitable	Facebook is censoring posts in Thailand, which the government has deemed unsuitable	1
Facebook is censoring posts in Thailand that the government has deemed unsuitable	Facebook is censoring posts in Thailand, which the Thai government has deemed unsuitable	1
Facebook is censoring posts in Thailand that the government has deemed unsuitable	Facebook is censoring posts in Thailand that the Thai government has deemed unsuitable	1
Facebook is censoring posts in Thailand that the government has deemed unsuitable	Facebook is censoring posts in Thailand which the Thai government has deemed unsuitable	1
Facebook is censoring posts in Thailand that the government has deemed unsuitable	Facebook is censoring posts in Thailand deemed unsuitable by the government	1
Facebook is censoring posts in Thailand that the government has deemed unsuitable	Facebook is censoring posts in Thailand that the government has deemed unsuitable.	1
Facebook is censoring posts in Thailand that the government has deemed unsuitable	Facebook is censoring posts in Thailand that the Thai government has deemed unsuitable.	1
La La Land wins ' Best Motion Picture Musical or Comedy	La La Land wins Best Motion Picture Musical or Comedy	1
John Lewis repeatedly thrust his body into the breach for justice , writes @CharlesMBlow	John Lewis thrust his body repeatedly into the breach for justice, writes CharlieMBlow	1
John Lewis repeatedly thrust his body into the breach for justice , writes @CharlesMBlow	John Lewis repeatedly thrust his body into the breach for justice, writes @CharlesMBlow	1
John Lewis repeatedly thrust his body into the breach for justice , writes @CharlesMBlow	John Lewis, repeated thrust his body into the breach for justice, writes @CharlesMBlow	1
John Lewis repeatedly thrust his body into the breach for justice , writes @CharlesMBlow	John Lewis thrust his body repeatedly into the breach for justice, writes @CharlesMBlow	1
John Lewis repeatedly thrust his body into the breach for justice , writes @CharlesMBlow	John Lewis has repeatedly thrust his body into the breach for justice, writes @CharlesMBlow	1
There were 2 big lessons from Donald Trumps inaugural news conference , @jimrutenberg writes	2 Big Lessons From Donald Trumps inaugural news conference, @jimrutenberg writes	1
Ivanka Trump is far from an avatar of a feminist future	Ivanka Trump Is Far From a Avatar of a Feminist Future	1
Ivanka Trump is far from an avatar of a feminist future	Ivanka Trump is far from an avatar of a feminist future.	1
The Italian police say a brother and sister for years hacked government officials , Freemasons and Vatican prelates	For years Italian police say brother and sister hacked government officials, freemasons and Vatican prelates.	1
The Italian police say a brother and sister for years hacked government officials , Freemasons and Vatican prelates	Italian police say a brother and sister hacked government officials, freemasons, and Vatican prelates for years	1
The Italian police say a brother and sister for years hacked government officials , Freemasons and Vatican prelates	Italian police say a brother and sister hacked government officials, freemasons and Vatican prelates for years.	1
The Italian police say a brother and sister for years hacked government officials , Freemasons and Vatican prelates	Italian Police Say a Brother and Sister for Years Hacked Government Officials, Freemasons and Vatican Prelates	1
The Italian police say a brother and sister for years hacked government officials , Freemasons and Vatican prelates	Italian police say a brother and a sister have hacked government officials, freemasons and Vatican prelates for years.	1
The Italian police say a brother and sister for years hacked government officials , Freemasons and Vatican prelates	Italian police say brother and sister have hacked government officials, freemasons and Vatican prelates for years	1
The Italian police say a brother and sister for years hacked government officials , Freemasons and Vatican prelates	The Italian Police Say a Brother and Sister For Years Hacked Government Officials, Freemasons and Vatican Prelates	1
The Italian police say a brother and sister for years hacked government officials , Freemasons and Vatican prelates	Italian Police Say Brother and Sister For Years Hacked Government Officials, Freemasons, Vatican Prelates	1
Day 2 is just smooth and awesome said of microdosing . I think the Dalai Lama is on a perpetual Day 2 .	Day 2 is just smooth and awesome said of microdosing. I think Dalai Lama is on a perpetual day 2.	1
Day 2 is just smooth and awesome said of microdosing . I think the Dalai Lama is on a perpetual Day 2 .	Day 2 is just smooth and awesome says of microdosing, I think the Dalai Lama is on a perpetual Day 2.	1
Day 2 is just smooth and awesome said of microdosing . I think the Dalai Lama is on a perpetual Day 2 .	Day 2 is just smooth and awesome, said of micro-dosing. I think Dalai Lama is on a perpetual day 2.	1
Day 2 is just smooth and awesome said of microdosing . I think the Dalai Lama is on a perpetual Day 2 .	Day 2 is just smooth and awesome said of microdosing. I think the Dalai Lama is on a perpetual day 2.	1
Trumps CIA director nominee Mike Pompeo says the intelligence on Russian hacking " is sound	Trumps CIA director nominee Mike Pompeo says intelligence on Russian hacking " is sound	1
A Republican lawmaker hints at investigating an ethics chief critical of Donald Trump	A Republican lawmaker hints at investigating an ethics chief critical of Trump.	1
A Republican lawmaker hints at investigating an ethics chief critical of Donald Trump	A Republican lawmaker hints at investigating an ethics chief critical of Trump	1
Many people reel in disgust when they hear recordings of themselves . Do we really sound like that ?	Many people go into shock when they hear recordings of themselves: Do we really sound like that?	1
Many people reel in disgust when they hear recordings of themselves . Do we really sound like that ?	Many people feel disgust when they hear recordings of themselves, like : Do we really sound like that?	1
Many people reel in disgust when they hear recordings of themselves . Do we really sound like that ?	Many people reel in disgust when they hear recordings of themselves. Do we really sound like that?	1
CIA Director Brennan Trump should develop ' appreciation ' for intel community	CIA Director Brennan Trump should develop'appreciation'for the intel community	1
CIA Director Brennan Trump should develop ' appreciation ' for intel community	CIA Director Brennan Trump should develop'appreciation'for intel community	1
Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy	Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize economy	1
Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the economy	Puerto Rico turns to tech and entrepreneurialism to revitalize the	1
64% of Americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realDonaldTrump account , a new survey shows	64% of Americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realDonaldTrump account, Poll shows	1
64% of Americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realDonaldTrump account , a new survey shows	64% of Americans want the president-elect to shut down his #realDonaldTrump account, survey shows	1
64% of Americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realDonaldTrump account , a new survey shows	64% of Americans want the President-elect to shut down his @realDonaldTrump account, new survey shows	1
64% of Americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realDonaldTrump account , a new survey shows	64% of American want the president-elect to shut down his @realDonaldTrump account, new survey shows	1
Donald Trump's interviews in Europe have placed him right in the middle of the Continent's most contentious issues	Donald Trump's interviews in Europe have put him right in the middle of the continent's most contentious issues.	1
Donald Trump's interviews in Europe have placed him right in the middle of the Continent's most contentious issues	Donald Trump's interviews with Europe have placed him right in the middle of the Continent's most contentious issues	1
Donald Trump's interviews in Europe have placed him right in the middle of the Continent's most contentious issues	Donald Trump's recent interviews in Europe have placed him right in the middle of some of the continents most contentious issues	1
Obama administration to pay billions to Marines affected by toxic water	Obama to pay billions to Marines affected by toxic water	1
Some were shot , some were killed with a blade . Wherever they could find people , they were killing them .	Some were shot, some were killed with a knife, and where they could find people, they were killing them.	1
Some were shot , some were killed with a blade . Wherever they could find people , they were killing them .	Some were shot, some were killed with a blunt object, and wherever they could find people they were killing them.	1
Some were shot , some were killed with a blade . Wherever they could find people , they were killing them .	Some were shot, some were killed with a blade, where they could find people, they were killing them.	1
Some were shot , some were killed with a blade . Wherever they could find people , they were killing them .	Some were shot, some were killed with a knife ; where they could find people, they were killing them.	1
Some were shot , some were killed with a blade . Wherever they could find people , they were killing them .	Some were shot, some were killed with a knife. Wherever they could find people they were killing them.	1
Donald Trump criticized John Lewis , one of the original Freedom Riders , on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day	Donald Trump criticized John Lewis, one of the original Freedom Riders, on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day	1
Donald Trump criticized John Lewis , one of the original Freedom Riders , on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day	Trump Criticisms John Lewis, One of the Original Freedom Riders, on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day	1
Donald Trump criticized John Lewis , one of the original Freedom Riders , on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day	Trump criticized Lewis, one of the original Freedom Riders, on the eve of Martin Luther King Jr. Day	1
Lurking inside your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of oddballs and misfits	Lurking within your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of oddballs and misfits.	1
Lurking inside your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of oddballs and misfits	Lurking inside your smartphone is a globe-size playpen of weirdballs and misfits	1
I agree with " overwhelming majority of scientists who believe that climate change is real	I agree with'overwhelming majority of scientists who believe climate change is real	1
I agree with " overwhelming majority of scientists who believe that climate change is real	I agree with'overwhelming majority of scientists who believe climate change is real.	1
I agree with " overwhelming majority of scientists who believe that climate change is real	I agree with " overwhelming majority of scientists who believe climate change is real.	1
Cartels , smugglers exploit border wall fears ahead of Trump presidency	Cartels, smugglers exploit the border wall fears ahead of Trump presidency	1
Cartels , smugglers exploit border wall fears ahead of Trump presidency	Cartels, smugglers exploit border wall fears ahead of Trump presidency	1
Cartels , smugglers exploit border wall fears ahead of Trump presidency	Cartels, smugglers exploit Border wall fears ahead of Trump presidency	1
Bo Jackson says he would have never played football if he knew about the health risks	Bo Jackson would have never played football if he knew about the health risks	1
Bo Jackson says he would have never played football if he knew about the health risks	Bo Jackson says he would never have played football if he knew about the health risks	1
Bo Jackson says he would have never played football if he knew about the health risks	Bo Jackson says he would never play football if he knew about health risks.	1
Bo Jackson says he would have never played football if he knew about the health risks	Bo Jackson says he would have never played football if he knew the health risks	1
Bo Jackson says he would have never played football if he knew about the health risks	Bo Jackson says he would never have played football if he knew about the risks to his health	1
Twitter latest feature prompts you to tweet your updated profile picture	Twitters latest feature prompts you to tweet your updated profile pic	1
Twitter latest feature prompts you to tweet your updated profile picture	Twitter's new feature prompts you to tweet your updated profile picture	1
Twitter latest feature prompts you to tweet your updated profile picture	Twitters latest feature prompts you to tweet your updated profile picture	1
Twitter latest feature prompts you to tweet your updated profile picture	Twitter’s new feature prompts you to tweet your updated profile picture	1
Twitter latest feature prompts you to tweet your updated profile picture	Twitter's latest feature prompts you to tweet your updated profile picture	1
The Buzzfeed report wound up being a heat shield for Trump	Buzzfeed'report wound up being a heat shield for Trump	1
The Buzzfeed report wound up being a heat shield for Trump	Buzzfeed report wound up being a heat shield for Trump	1
The Buzzfeed report wound up being a heat shield for Trump	Buzzfeed Report Turns Out to Be a Heat Shield for Donald Trump	1
The Buzzfeed report wound up being a heat shield for Trump	The Buzzfeed reports wound up being a heat shield for Trump.	1
Obama's speech was a thinly veiled rebuke of several of Donald Trump's positions	Obama's speech was a thinly veiled rebuke of several of Trump's positions	1
Obama's speech was a thinly veiled rebuke of several of Donald Trump's positions	Obama's speech a thinly veiled rebuke of several of Trump's positions	1
Obama's speech was a thinly veiled rebuke of several of Donald Trump's positions	Obama's address was a thinly veiled rebuke of several of Trump's positions	1
Obama's speech was a thinly veiled rebuke of several of Donald Trump's positions	Obama's Speech Was a Thinly Tense Rebuke of several of Donald Trump's Positions	1
Obama's speech was a thinly veiled rebuke of several of Donald Trump's positions	Obama's Address Is a Thinly Heard Rebuke of Several of Trump's Positions	1
You do not recover from Polonium poisoning . You die , slowly and painfully .	You Do Not Recover From Polonium Poisoning, You Die Slowly and Painfully.	1
You do not recover from Polonium poisoning . You die , slowly and painfully .	You do not recover from polinium poisoning, you die, slowly and painfully.	1
You do not recover from Polonium poisoning . You die , slowly and painfully .	You do not recover from polonium poisoning, you die, slowly and painfully.	1
You do not recover from Polonium poisoning . You die , slowly and painfully .	You do not recover from polonium poisoning ; you die, slowly and painfully.	1
Afghanistan's ' ghost soldiers ' take scary toll on US taxpayers , says watchdog	US " ghost soldiers " in Afghanistan make a frightening toll on taxpayers, says watchdog	1
Afghanistan's ' ghost soldiers ' take scary toll on US taxpayers , says watchdog	Afghanistan's'ghost soldiers'bear scary toll on US taxpayers, warns watchdog Watchdog	1
Afghanistan's ' ghost soldiers ' take scary toll on US taxpayers , says watchdog	Afghanistan's'ghost soldiers'incur terrifying toll on US taxpayers, says watchdog	1
Afghanistan's ' ghost soldiers ' take scary toll on US taxpayers , says watchdog	Afghan'Ghost Soldiers'Take Scary Toll on U.S. Taxpayers, Watchdog Says	1
Afghanistan's ' ghost soldiers ' take scary toll on US taxpayers , says watchdog	Afghanistan's'ghost soldiers'take scary toll on US taxpayers, says watchdog	1
Netflix blows out the fourth quarter after setting itself up for a huge end of the year	Netflix blows out the fourth quarter after setting itself up for a massive end of the year.	1
Netflix blows out the fourth quarter after setting itself up for a huge end of the year	Netflix blows out fourth quarter after setting itself up for a huge end of the year	1
O'Reilly tried to derail the career of an employee who refused his advances , according to a letter obtained by NYT	O'Reilly tried to derail the career of an employee who refused his advancements, according to a letter obtained by the New York Times.	1
Will the last person to leave social media please turn off the light ?	Will the last person to leave social media please turn off the light?	1
Will the last person to leave social media please turn off the light ?	Will the Last Person to Leave Social Media Please Turn Off The Light?	1
Will the last person to leave social media please turn off the light ?	Will the Last Person to Leave Social Media please Turn Off The Light?	1
Will the last person to leave social media please turn off the light ?	Will the last person to leave Social Media please turn off the light?	1
Will the last person to leave social media please turn off the light ?	Would the last person to leave social media please turn off the light?	1
Todays reporters are concerned that Donald J . Trump could send them back into the past	Todays Reporters Are Concerned That Donald J. Trump Could Send Them Back into the Past	1
Todays reporters are concerned that Donald J . Trump could send them back into the past	Todays reporters concerned Donald Trump could send them back into the past	1
Todays reporters are concerned that Donald J . Trump could send them back into the past	Todays reporters concerned that Donald J. Trump could send them back into the past	1
Donations to black college's band for inauguration top $620G after O'Reilly interview	Donations to black college's band for inauguration top $ 620G after O'Reilly interview	1
President Obama tells VP Joe Biden I gained a brother .	President Obama tells VP Joe Biden I gained a brother	1
President Obama tells VP Joe Biden I gained a brother .	President Obama told VP Joe Biden I gained a brother.	1
President Obama tells VP Joe Biden I gained a brother .	President Obama told VP Joe Biden that I gained a brother.	1
President Obama tells VP Joe Biden I gained a brother .	Obama tells VP Joe Biden I gained a brother.	1
What really happens when the world's elite leaders meet in Davos , Switzerland ?	What really happens when the world's elite leaders meet in Davos, Switzerland?	1
What really happens when the world's elite leaders meet in Davos , Switzerland ?	What really happens when the worlds elite leaders meet in Davos, Switzerland?	1
What really happens when the world's elite leaders meet in Davos , Switzerland ?	What Really Happens When the Worlds Elite Leaders Meet in Davos, Switzerland?	1
What really happens when the world's elite leaders meet in Davos , Switzerland ?	What Really Happens when the Worlds Elite Leaders Meet in Davos, Switzerland?	1
What really happens when the world's elite leaders meet in Davos , Switzerland ?	What Really Happens When Worlds Elite Leaders Meet in Davos, Switzerland?	1
More than 50 Democratic Congress members plan to skip Donald Trump's inauguration	More than 50 Democratic Congress members plan to skip Trump's inauguration	1
More than 50 Democratic Congress members plan to skip Donald Trump's inauguration	More than 50 Democratic Congress members planned to skip Trump's inauguration	1
Former agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of FBI action	Former FBI agent, who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of action	1
Former agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of FBI action	Former FBI agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of action.	1
Former agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of FBI action	Former Agent Who Writed Trump-Russia Memos Frustrated by Lack of FBI Action	1
Former agent who wrote Trump-Russia memos frustrated by lack of FBI action	Ex-Spy Who Wrote Trump-Russia Memos frustrated by Lack of FBI Action	1
The CIA publishes its history , nearly 13 million pages of documents online	CIA publishes its history online. It includes nearly 13 million pages of documents.	1
The CIA publishes its history , nearly 13 million pages of documents online	The CIA is now publishing nearly 13 million pages of its history online.	1
The CIA publishes its history , nearly 13 million pages of documents online	The CIA has released its history, nearly 13 million pages of documents online.	1
Slain DNC staffer's father doubts WikiLeaks link as cops seek answers	Slain DNC staffer's father doubts WikiLeaks link as police seek answers	1
I have no deals in Russia . I have no loans with Russia .	I have no deals in Russia, I have no loans with Russia.	1
I have no deals in Russia . I have no loans with Russia .	I have no deals with Russia, I have no loans with Russia.	1
I have no deals in Russia . I have no loans with Russia .	I have no loans with Russia, I have no deals with Russia.	1
I have no deals in Russia . I have no loans with Russia .	I have no deals with Russia and I have no loans with Russia.	1
I have no deals in Russia . I have no loans with Russia .	I have no deals with Russia, I have no loans.	1
I have no deals in Russia . I have no loans with Russia .	I have no loans with Russia. I have no deals in Russia.	1
I have no deals in Russia . I have no loans with Russia .	I have no deals in Russia and no loans with Russia.	1
I have no deals in Russia . I have no loans with Russia .	I have no loans with Russia and I have no deals with Russia.	1
I have no deals in Russia . I have no loans with Russia .	I have no loans with Russia. I have no deals with Russia.	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals were also people. Why Did Science Get Them So Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals Were People, Too. Why Did Science Get Them So Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals Were People, Too Why Did Science Get Them Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals Were People, Too. Why Did Science Get They So Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals Were People Too. Why Did Science Get Them Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	neanderthals were also humans. Why Did Science Get Them So Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals Were People, Too! Why Did Science Get Them So Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals were humans too. Why Did Science Get Them So Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals Were People Too Why Did Science Get Them So Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals Were People, Too. Why Did Science Get These Things Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals Were People, Too Why Did Science Get Them So Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals Were People Too. Why Did Science Get Them So Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals Were People Too. Why Did Science Get These People So Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Why Did Science Get Them So Wrong? Neanderthals Were People, Too.	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals Were People, Too. Why Did Science Get Them Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals Were People. Why Did Science Get Them So Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals Were People Too. Why Did Science Get These Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	The Neanderthals Were People Too. Why Did Science Get Them So Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals were people, too. Why Did Science Get Them So Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals were people too. Why Did Science Get Them So Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals Were People, Too. Why Did Science Get These Wrong?	1
Neanderthals were people , too . Why did science get them so wrong ?	Neanderthals Were People Too. Why Did Science Get These Mistakes?	1
India's Practo raises $55M to expand its healthcare platform to more emerging markets	Practo raises $55M to expand India's health-care platform to more emerging markets	1
India's Practo raises $55M to expand its healthcare platform to more emerging markets	Indias Practo raises $55M to expand its healthcare platform to more emerging markets	1
Republicans , facing pressure , delay hearings for 4 Trump cabinet nominees	Republicans, Facing Pressure, Delay Hearings for 4 Trump Cabinet Nominees	1
Republicans , facing pressure , delay hearings for 4 Trump cabinet nominees	Republicans, Facing Pressure, Delay Hearings For 4 Trump Cabinet Nominees	1
Republicans , facing pressure , delay hearings for 4 Trump cabinet nominees	Republicans, Facing Pressure, Delay Hearings For 4 Trump Cabinet Nominees.	1
Republicans , facing pressure , delay hearings for 4 Trump cabinet nominees	Republicans, Faced Pressure, Delay Hearings For 4 Trump Cabinet Nominees	1
Republicans , facing pressure , delay hearings for 4 Trump cabinet nominees	Republicans, Faced With Pressure, Delay Hearings For 4 Trump Cabinet Nominees	1
Republicans , facing pressure , delay hearings for 4 Trump cabinet nominees	Republicans, Faced Pressure, Delay Hearings for 4 Trump Cabinet Nominees	1
Six Volkswagen officials face U.S. criminal charges for their role in the company's emissions scandal	Six Volkswagen employees face U.S. criminal charges for their role in the company's emissions scandal	1
Six Volkswagen officials face U.S. criminal charges for their role in the company's emissions scandal	6 Volkswagen officials face U.S. criminal charges for their role in the company's emissions scandal	1
You just lived through the hottest year on our planet ever recorded .	You just lived through the hottest year on our planet ever recorded	1
64% of Americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realDonaldTrump account , a survey shows	64% of Americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realDonaldTrump account, survey shows	1
64% of Americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realDonaldTrump account , a survey shows	64% of Americans want the president-elect to shut down his @realDonaldTrump account, new poll shows	1
Here's the truth Despite the facts , Trump once again embraces vaccine skeptics	Trump, despite facts, once again embraces vaccine skeptics. Here's the truth Trump embraces vaccine skeptics	1
The Nintendo Switch will be released on 3 March and will cost $299.99	Nintendo Switch will be released on March 3, and will cost $299.99.	1
The Nintendo Switch will be released on 3 March and will cost $299.99	Nintendo Switch to be released on 3 March at retail price of $299.99	1
The Nintendo Switch will be released on 3 March and will cost $299.99	Nintendo will release the Nintendo Switch on March 3, and it will cost $299.99	1
The Nintendo Switch will be released on 3 March and will cost $299.99	Nintendo Switch will be released on March 3 and cost $299.99	1
The Nintendo Switch will be released on 3 March and will cost $299.99	Nintendo Switch to be released on 3 March, and will cost $299.99	1
The Nintendo Switch will be released on 3 March and will cost $299.99	Nintendo Switch is set to arrive in stores on March 3, and will cost $299.99	1
The Nintendo Switch will be released on 3 March and will cost $299.99	Nintendo Switch will be released on March 3, and will cost $299.99	1
The Nintendo Switch will be released on 3 March and will cost $299.99	Nintendo Switch is expected to be released on March 3, and will cost $299.99	1
The Nintendo Switch will be released on 3 March and will cost $299.99	Nintendo will release the Switch on March 3 and cost $299.99	1
The Nintendo Switch will be released on 3 March and will cost $299.99	Nintendo Switch will go on sale on 3 March and will cost $299.99	1
Obama is holding his final news conference with the White House press corps	Obama Holds Final News Conference With White House Press Corps	1
Obama is holding his final news conference with the White House press corps	Obama holds final news conference with White House press corps	1
U.S. stocks open in the green . Dow rises 40 points . Pandora soars 8% on job cuts and positive outlook .	US stocks surge in the green. Dow rises 40 points. Pandora soars 8% on job cuts and positive outlook	1
Mr. President , you know as long as there's breath in me , I'll be there for you	President, you know as long as there's breath in me, I'll be there for you	1
A full repeal of Obamacare would cost $350 billion over the next decade , according to new bipartisan analysis	A complete repeal of Obamacare will cost $350 billion over the next decade, according to a new bipartisan analysis	1
A full repeal of Obamacare would cost $350 billion over the next decade , according to new bipartisan analysis	A complete repeal of Obamacare would cost $350 billion over the next decade, according to a new bipartisan analysis.	1
A full repeal of Obamacare would cost $350 billion over the next decade , according to new bipartisan analysis	The full repeal of Obamacare will cost $350 billion over the next decade, according to a new bipartisan analysis.	1
For left-leaning publishers , right-leaning books have been reliable cash cows	For Left-Leaning Publishers, Right-Leaning Books Have Been Reliable Cash Cows	1
For left-leaning publishers , right-leaning books have been reliable cash cows	For left-leaning book publishers, right-leaning books have been reliable cash cows.	1
For left-leaning publishers , right-leaning books have been reliable cash cows	For left-leaning publishing, right-leaning books have been reliable cash cows	1
For left-leaning publishers , right-leaning books have been reliable cash cows	For Left-Leaning Books, Right-Leaning Books Have Been Reliable Cash Cows	1
Charleston church shooter Dylann Roof should be sentenced to death , a federal jury finds .	Dylann Roof, the Charleston church shooter, should be sentenced to death, a federal jury finds	1
This will be their strategy pretend that the ACA was already dead	This will be their strategy pretending that the ACA was already dead	1
Activehours , which makes every day a payday , just raised $22 million in Series A funding	Activehours, which makes every day a payday, just raised $22M in Series A funding	1
Activehours , which makes every day a payday , just raised $22 million in Series A funding	Activehours, which makes every day a payday, just raised $22 million in Series A funding.	1
Some societies in parts of Africa , Australia and India restrict the words a person can say after marriage	Some societies in parts of India, Australia and Africa restrict the words a person can say after marriage.	1
Some societies in parts of Africa , Australia and India restrict the words a person can say after marriage	Some societies in parts of Africa, Australia and India restrict the words a person can say after marriage.	1
Some societies in parts of Africa , Australia and India restrict the words a person can say after marriage	Some societies in parts of Africa, Australia, and India restrict the words a person can say after marriage.	1
Some societies in parts of Africa , Australia and India restrict the words a person can say after marriage	In parts of India, Australia and Africa, some countries restrict the words a person can say after marriage	1
Some societies in parts of Africa , Australia and India restrict the words a person can say after marriage	Some societies in parts of Africa, Australia, India restrict the words a person can say after marriage	1
He shouldn't be doing it . He won't be doing it Trump chastises Russia over hacking	He shouldn't be doing it. He won't be doing it Trump chastises Russia over hacking	1
President Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of	Barack Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable	1
President Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of	Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of.	1
President Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of	President Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of.	1
President Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of	Obama Loved America Too Much to Face What It Was Capable of	1
President Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of	President Barack Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of.	1
President Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of	President Barack Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of of	1
President Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of	Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of	1
President Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of	Obama Loved America Too Much to Face What It Was Capable Of	1
President Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of	Barack Obama Loved America Too Much to Face What It Was Capable Of.	1
President Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of	President Obama Loved America Too Much to Face What It Was Capable Of Of	1
President Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of	Barack Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of	1
President Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of	President Barack Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of	1
President Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of	President Obama loved America too much to face what it was capable of of	1
Rex Tillerson's nomination as secretary of state is in trouble .	Rex Tillerson's nomination as Secretary of State is in trouble	1
Trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon John Lewis	Trump rips'all talk,'' no action'civil rights icon Lewis	1
Trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon John Lewis	Donald Trump Rips'All Talk,'' No Action'Civil Rights Icon John Lewis	1
Trump rips ' all talk , ' ' no action ' civil rights icon John Lewis	Trump rips 'all talk,'' no action'civil rights icon John Lewis	1
From the Wayback Machine on Monica Crowley's plagiarism problem , 1999 .	From the Wayback Machine, Monica Crowley's plagiarism problem in 1999.	1
From the Wayback Machine on Monica Crowley's plagiarism problem , 1999 .	From the Wayback Machine on Monica Crowley's plagiarism problem in 1999.	1
From the Wayback Machine on Monica Crowley's plagiarism problem , 1999 .	From the Wayback Machine on Monica Crowley's plagiarism problem 1999.	1
From the Wayback Machine on Monica Crowley's plagiarism problem , 1999 .	From the Wayback Machine on Monica Crowley's plagiarism problems in 1999.	1
Precursor Ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist	Precursor Ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist.	1
Precursor Ventures is a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist	Precursor Ventures are a classic seed-stage fund with a refreshing new twist	1
Biden confirms he and Obama were briefed on the unsubstantiated claims against Trump	Biden confirms he and Obama were briefed on'unsubstantiated'claims against Trump	1
Biden confirms he and Obama were briefed on the unsubstantiated claims against Trump	Biden confirms he and Obama were briefed on unsubstantiated claims against Trump	1
Biden confirms he and Obama were briefed on the unsubstantiated claims against Trump	Biden confirms he and Obama were briefed on the unsubstantiated claims against Trump.	1
Why does Donald Trump continue to defend Russia and attack U.S. intelligence ?	Why Does Donald Trump Continue to Defend Russia and Attack US Intelligence?	1
Why does Donald Trump continue to defend Russia and attack U.S. intelligence ?	Why does Donald Trump continue to defend Russia and attack US intelligence?	1
Why does Donald Trump continue to defend Russia and attack U.S. intelligence ?	Why does Trump continue to defend Russia and attack the U.S. intelligence?	1
Why does Donald Trump continue to defend Russia and attack U.S. intelligence ?	Why does Donald Trump continue to defend Russia and attack U.S. intelligence?	1
Why does Donald Trump continue to defend Russia and attack U.S. intelligence ?	Why does Trump continue to defend Russia and attack US intelligence?	1
Why does Donald Trump continue to defend Russia and attack U.S. intelligence ?	Why Does Trump Continue to Defend Russia and Attack U.S. Intelligence	1
DeVos says states shouldnt have to comply with federal law on disabled students	DeVos believes states dont need to comply with federal law regarding disabled students	1
For some , the Donald Trump insult tweet has become a badge of honor	Apparently for some, the Trump insult tweet is a badge of honor	1
Dosa burgers ' may soon be coming to McDonald's outlets in India .	McDonalds dosa burgers may soon be coming to Indian outlets.	1
Marco Rubio on if he would vote against Tillerson I'm prepared to do what's right	Marco Rubio if he would vote against Tillerson'I'm prepared to do what's right	1
Sen. Elizabeth Warren has introduced a bill that would require a president to sell their assets before taking office	Sen. Elizabeth Warren Introduces Bill That Would Require a President to Sell Their Assets Before Take Office	1
Sen. Elizabeth Warren has introduced a bill that would require a president to sell their assets before taking office	Sen. Elizabeth Warren introduces new bill requiring presidents to sell assets prior to taking office	1
Obamacare repeal is moving forward . When will changes affect consumers ?	Obamacare repeal is moving forward. When will changes affect consumers?	1
Obamacare repeal is moving forward . When will changes affect consumers ?	Obamacare Removal is moving forward. When Will Changes Affect Consumers?	1
Obamacare repeal is moving forward . When will changes affect consumers ?	Affordable Care Act Repeal Is Moving Forward. When Will Changes Impact Consumers?	1
Obamacare repeal is moving forward . When will changes affect consumers ?	What will happen next? Obamacare repeal is moving forward. When will changes affect consumers?	1
Obamacare repeal is moving forward . When will changes affect consumers ?	Affordable Care Act repeal is moving forward. When will changes affect consumers?	1
Obamacare repeal is moving forward . When will changes affect consumers ?	Obamacare repeal will be moving forward. How will changes affect consumers?	1
Obamacare repeal is moving forward . When will changes affect consumers ?	Obamacare repeal will move forward. When will changes affect consumers?	1
A critical part of Megyn Kelly's career at Fox was airing racial conspiracy theories .	A critical part of Megyn Kelly's career at Fox was bringing forth racial conspiracy theories.	1
A critical part of Megyn Kelly's career at Fox was airing racial conspiracy theories .	A critical part of Megyn Kelly's career at Fox was to air racial conspiracy theories.	1
A critical part of Megyn Kelly's career at Fox was airing racial conspiracy theories .	A critical part of Megyn Kelly's career at Fox was aireing racial conspiracy theories.	1
A critical part of Megyn Kelly's career at Fox was airing racial conspiracy theories .	A critical part of Megyn Kelly's career at Fox was airing racial conspiracy theories.	1
A critical part of Megyn Kelly's career at Fox was airing racial conspiracy theories .	A critical part of Megyn Kelly's career at Fox was aired racial conspiracy theories.	1
A critical part of Megyn Kelly's career at Fox was airing racial conspiracy theories .	A critical part of Megyn Kelly's career at Fox was involving airing racial conspiracy theories.	1
EU Council President Donald Tusk calls @theresa_may #Brexit speech " more realistic " & amp ; says EU " ready to negotiate	EU Council President Donald Tusk calls theresa may #Brexit speech " more realistic '& amp ; says EU ready to negotiate	1
that comma after " daughter " is sad for Tiffany .	That comma after " daughter " is sad for Tiffany.	1
that comma after " daughter " is sad for Tiffany .	That comma after daughter is sad for Tiffany.	1
that comma after " daughter " is sad for Tiffany .	That comma after'daughter'is sad for Tiffany.	1
that comma after " daughter " is sad for Tiffany .	This comma after " daughter " is sad for Tiffany.	1
that comma after " daughter " is sad for Tiffany .	The comma after " daughter " is sad for Tiffany.	1
Jeff Sessions said he'd prosecute porn . Trump appeared in multiple porns .	Jeff Sessions said he'd prosecute porn. Trump appeared in multiple porns.	1
Jeff Sessions said he'd prosecute porn . Trump appeared in multiple porns .	Jeff Sessions says he'd prosecute porn. Trump appeared in multiple porns.	1
Jeff Sessions said he'd prosecute porn . Trump appeared in multiple porns .	Jeff Sessions says he'd prosecute porn. Trump appeared in multiple porns	1
Jeff Sessions said he'd prosecute porn . Trump appeared in multiple porns .	Jeff Sessions said he'd prosecute porn. Trump appeared in multiple'porns.	1
Jeff Sessions said he'd prosecute porn . Trump appeared in multiple porns .	Jeff Sessions Just Said He'd Prosecute Porn. Trump appeared in Multiple Porns.	1
Jeff Sessions said he'd prosecute porn . Trump appeared in multiple porns .	Jeff Sessions said he'd prosecute porn and Trump appeared in multiple porns.	1
Jeff Sessions said he'd prosecute porn . Trump appeared in multiple porns .	Jeff Sessions says he would prosecute porn. Trump appeared in multiple porns.	1
Jeff Sessions said he'd prosecute porn . Trump appeared in multiple porns .	Jeff Sessions said he would prosecute porn. Trump appeared in multiple porns.	1
Jeff Sessions said he'd prosecute porn . Trump appeared in multiple porns .	Jeff Sessions Says He'd Prosecute Porn. Trump appeared in Multiple Porns	1
A snapshot of millennial savers at various stages of their retirement planning	A snapshot of the millennial savers at different stages of their retirement plans	1
Republicans appear to be realizing that their long con on Obamacare has reached its limit	Republicans Seem to Be Realizing Their Long Con on Obamacare Has Reached Its Limit	1
Republicans appear to be realizing that their long con on Obamacare has reached its limit	Republicans Are Realizing Their Long Con on Obamacare Has Reached Their Limit	1
Republicans appear to be realizing that their long con on Obamacare has reached its limit	Republicans seem to be realizing that their long con on Obamacare has reached its limit	1
Republicans appear to be realizing that their long con on Obamacare has reached its limit	Republicans Appear to Be Realizing Their Long Con on Obamacare Has Reached Its Limit	1
Republicans appear to be realizing that their long con on Obamacare has reached its limit	Republicans seem to be realizing their long con on Obamacare has reached its limit	1
Do you have beloved but broken household items yearning to be fixed ? Try a Repair Cafe .	Do you have beloved but broken household items yearning to be fixed? Try a Repair Cafe!	1
Do you have beloved but broken household items yearning to be fixed ? Try a Repair Cafe .	Do you have favorite, but broken household items yearning to be fixed? Try a Repair Cafe	1
Do you have beloved but broken household items yearning to be fixed ? Try a Repair Cafe .	Do you have beloved but broken household items yearning to be repaired? Try a Repair Cafe.	1
I wish to hell I'd just kept saying the exact same thing	To hell, I wish I'd just kept saying exactly the same thing	1
The findings come 2 days before Donald Trump's inauguration . He has called global warming a Chinese plot .	The findings come 2 days before Trump's inauguration. He has called global warming a Chinese plot.	1
The findings come 2 days before Donald Trump's inauguration . He has called global warming a Chinese plot .	The findings come 2 days before Trump's inauguration. Trump has called global warming a Chinese plot.	1
As attorney general , Jeff Sessions would bring the conservatism of his Southern roots to policing and civil rights	As Attorney General, Jeff Sessions would bring the conservatism of his Southern roots to policing and civil rights	1
As attorney general , Jeff Sessions would bring the conservatism of his Southern roots to policing and civil rights	As attorney general, Jeff Sessions would bring to policing and civil rights the conservatism of his southern roots	1
As attorney general , Jeff Sessions would bring the conservatism of his Southern roots to policing and civil rights	Jeff Sessions, as Attorney General, Would Bring the Conservatism of His Southern Roots to Policing and Civil Rights	1
As attorney general , Jeff Sessions would bring the conservatism of his Southern roots to policing and civil rights	Jeff Sessions as Attorney General would bring the conservatism of his Southern roots to policing and civil rights	1
As attorney general , Jeff Sessions would bring the conservatism of his Southern roots to policing and civil rights	Jeff Sessions as Attorney General would bring the conservatism of his Southern roots to police and civil rights	1
Over 8 years , the White House mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation	Over 8 years, the White House mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation	1
Over 8 years , the White House mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation	Throughout 8 years, the White House mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation	1
Over 8 years , the White House mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation	Over 8 Years, the White House Mailroom Staff Read the Unfiltered Story of a Nation	1
Over 8 years , the White House mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation	Over 8 years, the White House mailing staff read the unfiltered story of a nation.	1
Over 8 years , the White House mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation	Over 8 years, White House mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation	1
Over 8 years , the White House mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation	Over 8 Years, the White House Mailroom Read the Unfiltered Story of a Nation	1
Over 8 years , the White House mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation	Over 8 years, the White House Mailroom Staff Read the Unfiltered Story of a Nation	1
Over 8 years , the White House mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation	Over 8 years, the White House's mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation	1
Over 8 years , the White House mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation	Over 8 Years, White House Mailroom Staff Read Unfiltered Story of a Nation	1
Over 8 years , the White House mailroom staff read the unfiltered story of a nation	For 8 Years, the White House Mailroom Read The Unfiltered Story of a Nation	1
Schools can save lives reflects on his time as education secretary	Schools Can Save Lives, Reflects on His Time as Education Secretary	1
Schools can save lives reflects on his time as education secretary	Schools Can Save Lives reflects on his time as Education Secretary The Secretary of Education	1
Schools can save lives reflects on his time as education secretary	Schools Can Save Lives reflects on his time as Education Secretary's	1
The benefit of vaccines is not a matter of opinion . It is a matter of fact	The benefit of vaccines is not a matter of opinion, it's a matter of fact	1
The benefit of vaccines is not a matter of opinion . It is a matter of fact	The benefit of vaccines is not a matter of opinion. It is a matter of fact.	1
The benefit of vaccines is not a matter of opinion . It is a matter of fact	The benefit of vaccinations is not a matter of opinion. It is a matter of fact.	1
The causes of insomnia are many , and they increase in number and severity as people age	The causes of insomnia are many and increase in number and severity as people age.	1
The causes of insomnia are many , and they increase in number and severity as people age	The reasons of insomnia are many, and they grow in severity as people age.	1
The causes of insomnia are many , and they increase in number and severity as people age	The causes of insomnia are numerous and they increase in severity and number as you age.	1
The causes of insomnia are many , and they increase in number and severity as people age	The reasons for insomnia are many and rise in severity as people age.	1
How did the unverified stories on Trump emerge ? Look to the hidden side of campaigns and their sleuths-for-hire .	How did the unverified stories emerge on Donald Trump? Look to the Hidden Side of Campaigns and Their Sleuths for Hire.	1
Do you get your news from RT ? Do you believe it spreads disinformation for the Putin regime ?	Do you get your news from RT? Do you think it spreads disinformation for the Putin regime?	1
Do you get your news from RT ? Do you believe it spreads disinformation for the Putin regime ?	Do you get your news from RT? Do you believe it spreads disinformation for the Putin regime?	1
Do you get your news from RT ? Do you believe it spreads disinformation for the Putin regime ?	Do You Get Your News From RT? Do you believe it spreads disinformation for the Putin regime?	1
Nice thing to wake up to this morning , of all days .	Nice thing to wake up to this morning, of all days.	1
Nice thing to wake up to this morning , of all days .	Nice thing to wake up to this morning, of all days	1
Nice thing to wake up to this morning , of all days .	Nice thing to wake up to today, of all days.	1
Donald Trump to remain an executive producer on NBC's ' Celebrity Apprentice , ' MGM confirms	Trump to remain executive producer on NBC's Celebrity Apprentice, MGM confirms	1
Donald Trump to remain an executive producer on NBC's ' Celebrity Apprentice , ' MGM confirms	Trump to remain'executive producer on NBC's Celebrity Apprentice,'MGM confirms	1
Donald Trump to remain an executive producer on NBC's ' Celebrity Apprentice , ' MGM confirms	Donald Trump to remain executive producer on NBC's Celebrity Apprentice, @MGM confirms	1
Donald Trump to remain an executive producer on NBC's ' Celebrity Apprentice , ' MGM confirms	Donald Trump to remain executive producer on NBC's Celebrity Apprentice, MGM confirms	1
All your favs are problematic , including hygge , a tool of xenophobic populism	All your favs are problematic, including hygge, a tool of xenophobic populism	1
All your favs are problematic , including hygge , a tool of xenophobic populism	All Your Favorite Favs Are Problematic, including Hygge, a Tool of Xenophobic Populism	1
All your favs are problematic , including hygge , a tool of xenophobic populism	All your faves are problematic, including hygge, a tool of xenophobic populism	1
All your favs are problematic , including hygge , a tool of xenophobic populism	All your favs are problematic, including the hygge, a tool of xenophobic populism	1
Ethics official takes heat for knocking Trump Cabinet hearings , giving Clinton a ' pass	Ethics official takes heat for knocking Trump Cabinet hearings, giving Clinton a'pass	1
Ethics official takes heat for knocking Trump Cabinet hearings , giving Clinton a ' pass	Ethics Official Takes Heat For Kicking Trump Cabinet Hearings, Giving Clinton a'Pass	1
Ethics experts critique Donald Trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest , point by point	Ethics Experts Critique Trump's Plan to Avoid Conflicts of Interest, Point by Point	1
Ethics experts critique Donald Trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest , point by point	Ethics Experts Critique Trumps Plan to Avoid Conflicts of Interest Point by Point	1
Ethics experts critique Donald Trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest , point by point	Ethics experts critique Donald Trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest point by point.	1
Ethics experts critique Donald Trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest , point by point	Ethics Experts Critique Trump Plan to Avoid Conflicts of Interest, Point by Point	1
Ethics experts critique Donald Trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest , point by point	Ethics experts critique Trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest, point by point	1
Ethics experts critique Donald Trump's plan to avoid conflicts of interest , point by point	Ethics experts critique Trump plan to avoid conflicts of interest, point by point	1
What the U.S. gets for defending its allies and interests abroad	What the US gets for defending its allies and interests abroad	1
What the U.S. gets for defending its allies and interests abroad	What the US gets for defending its allies and interests abroad.	1
I respect John Lewis , but " we shouldn't ignore that people are partisan	I respect John Lewis, but we shouldn't ignore that people are partisan	1
I respect John Lewis , but " we shouldn't ignore that people are partisan	I respect John Lewis, but we shouldn't ignore that people are partisan.	1
I keep meaning to learn how to actually use it .	I keep meaning to learn how to actually use it.	1
I keep meaning to learn how to actually use it .	I keep meaning to learn how to use it actually.	1
I keep meaning to learn how to actually use it .	I keep meaning to learn how to use it.	1
I keep meaning to learn how to actually use it .	I keep meaning to learn to actually use it.	1
I keep meaning to learn how to actually use it .	I keep meaning to learn to use it	1
Scientists predict warming will continue to exceed records . Here's how 2016 became earths hottest year on record	Scientists predict global warming will surpass records. Heres How 2016 Was Earths Hottest Year on Record	1
In the first 1,000 days , good nutrition fuels brain development .	Good nutrition fuels brain development in the first 1,000 days.	1
In the first 1,000 days , good nutrition fuels brain development .	In the first 1,000 days, good nutrition fuels brain development.	1
I have ' emotional whiplash ' after Trump , Obama events	I have'emotional whiplash'after Trump, Obama events	1
Postmates and DoorDash are testing delivery by robot with Starship Technol .	Postmates and DoorDash are testing delivery via robots with Starship Technol.	1
Postmates and DoorDash are testing delivery by robot with Starship Technol .	Postmates and DoorDash are testing delivery by robot with Starship Technol.	1
Postmates and DoorDash are testing delivery by robot with Starship Technol .	Postmates and DoorDash are testing the delivery by robot with Starship Technol.	1
Postmates and DoorDash are testing delivery by robot with Starship Technol .	Postmates and DoorDash are testing out delivery by robot with Starship Technol.	1
Postmates and DoorDash are testing delivery by robot with Starship Technol .	Postmates and DoorDash are testing deliverable by robot with Starship Technol.	1
After President Obama's 2 terms , " the Democratic Party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s	After Obamas 2 Terms, " the Democrats Party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s	1
After President Obama's 2 terms , " the Democratic Party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s	After Obamas 2 terms, the Democratic Party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s	1
After President Obama's 2 terms , " the Democratic Party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s	After Obamas 2 Terms, 'the Democratic Party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s	1
After President Obama's 2 terms , " the Democratic Party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s	After Obamas 2 Terms, " the Democratic Party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s	1
After President Obama's 2 terms , " the Democratic Party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s	After Obamas 2 terms,'the Democratic Party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s	1
After President Obama's 2 terms , " the Democratic Party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s	After Obamas 2 Terms, " the Democratic Party Is Weaker Than It Has Been Since the 1920s	1
After President Obama's 2 terms , " the Democratic Party is weaker than it has been since the 1920s	After Obamas 2 Terms, the Democratic Party Is Weaker Than It Was Before the 1920s.	1
Jewish groups are demanding an apology from Donald Trump , saying he trivialized the horrors of Nazi Germany	Jewish groups are demanding an apology from Trump, saying he trivialised the horrors of Nazi Germany	1
YouTube launches " Super Chat , " a way for creators to make money from their live streams	YouTube launches " Super Chat, " a way for creators to make money from their live streams	1
YouTube launches " Super Chat , " a way for creators to make money from their live streams	YouTube launches Super Chat, a way for creators to make money from their live streams	1
Chuck Schumer will oppose Jeff Sessions when his nomination as attorney general comes to a vote	Chuck Schumer will oppose Jeff Sessions when his nomination for Attorney General comes to a vote	1
Donald Trump says privatization will lead to better services for less public money . Many economists disagree .	Donald Trump says privatization will lead to better services for less public money. Many economists disagree.	1
Donald Trump says privatization will lead to better services for less public money . Many economists disagree .	Donald Trump Says Privatization Will Lead to Better Services for Less Public Money. But Many Economists Contradict.	1
Donald Trump says privatization will lead to better services for less public money . Many economists disagree .	Donald Trump Says Privatization Will Lead to Better Services for Less Public Money. Many Economists Disagree	1
Donald Trump says privatization will lead to better services for less public money . Many economists disagree .	Trump Says Privatization Will Lead to Better Services for Less Public Money. Many Economists Contrast	1
Donald Trump says privatization will lead to better services for less public money . Many economists disagree .	Trump says privatization will create better services for less public money. But many economists disagree	1
President Obamas stark options on ISIS arm Syrian Kurds or let Donald Trump decide	Obamas Strong Options on ISIS Arm Syrian Kurds Or Let Trump Decide	1
Behold the hyolith , a bizarre creature that looks like a tentacled ice cream cone with a lid	See the Hyolith, a bizarre creature that looks like a tentacled ice cream cone with a lid.	1
White House press secretary Josh Earnest The " role of journalists in our democracy has never been more important	White House press secretary Josh Earnest: The Role of Journalists in Democracy has Never Been More Important	1
White House press secretary Josh Earnest The " role of journalists in our democracy has never been more important	White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest The role of journalists in democracy has never been more important	1
White House press secretary Josh Earnest The " role of journalists in our democracy has never been more important	White House Press Secretary Josh Earnest: 'The role of journalists in our democracy has never been more important	1
White House press secretary Josh Earnest The " role of journalists in our democracy has never been more important	White House press secretary Josh Earnest : Role of journalists in democracy has never been more important	1
Retired generals tell Donald Trump not to bring back torture for terrorism suspects	Retired generals tell Trump not to bring back torture for terrorists	1
Retired generals tell Donald Trump not to bring back torture for terrorism suspects	Retired Generals Tell Trump Not to Bring Back Torture for Terrorists	1
Retired generals tell Donald Trump not to bring back torture for terrorism suspects	Retired generals tell Trump not to bring torture for terror suspects	1
HarperCollins says it will stop selling book by Trump pick Monica Crowley after CNNs KFile found plagiarism	HarperCollins will stop selling book by Trump pick Monica Crowley after CNNs KFile found plagiarism	1
HarperCollins says it will stop selling book by Trump pick Monica Crowley after CNNs KFile found plagiarism	HarperCollins says it will stop selling book by Trump pick Monica Crowley after CNN's KFile found plagiarism	1
HarperCollins says it will stop selling book by Trump pick Monica Crowley after CNNs KFile found plagiarism	HarperCollins says it will stop selling book by Trump pick Monica Crowley after plagiarism was found by CNN's KFile.	1
A Nigerian fighter jet misfired , striking refugees and aid workers in Borno , officials say	Nigerian fighter jet misfired, striking refugees, aid workers in Borno, officials say	1
Congress passed an anti-nepotism law in 1967 . Donald Trump doesn't care .	In 1967, Congress passed an anti-nepotism law. But Donald Trump doesnt care	1
Congress passed an anti-nepotism law in 1967 . Donald Trump doesn't care .	In 1967, Congress passed anti-nepotism law. Donald Trump doesn't care.	1
Congress passed an anti-nepotism law in 1967 . Donald Trump doesn't care .	In 1967, Congress passed anti-nepotism law. Donald Trump doesnt care	1
Congress passed an anti-nepotism law in 1967 . Donald Trump doesn't care .	Congress passed anti-nepotism law in 1967. President-Elect Donald Trump doesn't care	1
Angela Merkel or Vladimir Putin ? Donald Trump won't be drawn on who he trusts more	Angela Merkel or Vladimir Putin: Trump won't be drawn on who he trusts more	1
China , fanning patriotism , adds 6 years to war with Japan in history books	China, Fanning Patriotism, Adds 6 Years to War With Japan in History Books.	1
The fact that Trump so adamantly opposes any inquiry into his Kremlin ties speaks volumes	The fact that Trump so strongly opposes any inquiry into his Kremlin ties speaks volumes	1
The fact that Trump so adamantly opposes any inquiry into his Kremlin ties speaks volumes	the fact that Trump so consistently opposes any inquiry into his Kremlin ties speaks volumes	1
The news for primates , man's closest animal relatives , is not good Its worse than we thought 10 years ago .	The News for Primates, Man's Close Animal Relatives, Is Not Good Its Worse Than We Thought 10 Years Ago	1
The news for primates , man's closest animal relatives , is not good Its worse than we thought 10 years ago .	The news for primates, man's closest animal relatives, is not good. Its worse than we thought 10 years ago.	1
The news for primates , man's closest animal relatives , is not good Its worse than we thought 10 years ago .	The news for primates, man's closest animal relatives, is not good. its worse than we thought 10 years ago.	1
The news for primates , man's closest animal relatives , is not good Its worse than we thought 10 years ago .	The news for primates, the closest animal relatives of man, is not good. Its worse than we thought 10 years ago.	1
Eugene Cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82	Gene Cernan, Last Man to Walk on Moon, Dies at 82	1
Eugene Cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82	Eugene Cernan, last man to set foot on the moon, dead at 82	1
Eugene Cernan , last man to walk on the moon , dead at 82	Eugene Cernan, Last Man to Walk on Moon, Dies at 82	1
Lord Snowdon , photographer whose marriage to Princess Margaret captivated the media	Lord Snowdon, photographer whose marriage to Princess Margaret enthralled media	1
Lord Snowdon , photographer whose marriage to Princess Margaret captivated the media	Lord Snowdon, photographer whose marriage to Princess Margaret captivated media	1
Lord Snowdon , photographer whose marriage to Princess Margaret captivated the media	Lord Snowdon, a photographer whose wedding to Princess Margaret captivated the media	1
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him .	Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him.	1
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him .	Intel chiefs presented Trump with allegations of Russian efforts to compromise him.	1
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him .	Intel chiefs gave Trump claims of Russian efforts to compromise him	1
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him .	Intel CEOs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him	1
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him .	Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him	1
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him .	Intel leaders presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him	1
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him .	Intelligence chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him	1
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him .	Intel chiefs have presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him	1
Worth reading in full . On a very busy news day this may be the most important story .	Worth Reading in Full. On a Very Busy News Day, This May Be the Most Important Story.	1
Worth reading in full . On a very busy news day this may be the most important story .	Worth reading in full. On a busy news day, this may be the most important story.	1
Worth reading in full . On a very busy news day this may be the most important story .	Worth Reading in Full: This May Be the Most Important Story on a Very Busy News Day	1
Worth reading in full . On a very busy news day this may be the most important story .	Worth reading in full. On a busy news day this may be the most important story.	1
Worth reading in full . On a very busy news day this may be the most important story .	Worth reading in full. This may be the most important story on a very busy news day.	1
Worth reading in full . On a very busy news day this may be the most important story .	Worth reading in full. On a busy news day this may be the most important story	1
Worth reading in full . On a very busy news day this may be the most important story .	Worth Reading in Full. On a Very Busy News Day, This Might Be the Most Important Story.	1
Worth reading in full . On a very busy news day this may be the most important story .	Worth Reading in Full. It Might Be the Most Important Story on a Very Busy News Day.	1
The audience had no idea Jerry Seinfeld , Amy Schumer , Chris Rock , Aziz Ansari and Dave Chappelle would show	The Audience Had No Idea Jerry Seinfeld, Amy Schumer, Chris Rock, Aziz Ansari, and Dave Chappelle Would Show	1
The audience had no idea Jerry Seinfeld , Amy Schumer , Chris Rock , Aziz Ansari and Dave Chappelle would show	The audience had no idea Jerry Seinfeld, Amy Schumer, Chris Rock, Aziz Ansari and Dave Chappelle would perform	1
The audience had no idea Jerry Seinfeld , Amy Schumer , Chris Rock , Aziz Ansari and Dave Chappelle would show	The audience had no idea Jerry Seinfeld, Amy Schumer, Chris Rock, Aziz Ansari and Dave Chappelle would show	1
The audience had no idea Jerry Seinfeld , Amy Schumer , Chris Rock , Aziz Ansari and Dave Chappelle would show	The audience had no idea what Jerry Seinfeld, Amy Schumer, Chris Rock, Aziz Ansari and Dave Chappelle would do.	1
The audience had no idea Jerry Seinfeld , Amy Schumer , Chris Rock , Aziz Ansari and Dave Chappelle would show	The audience had no idea Jerry Seinfeld, Amy Schumer, Chris Rock, Aziz Ansari, Dave Chappelle would show	1
The audience had no idea Jerry Seinfeld , Amy Schumer , Chris Rock , Aziz Ansari and Dave Chappelle would show	Fans had no idea Jerry Seinfeld, Amy Schumer, Chris Rock, Aziz Ansari, and Dave Chappelle would show	1
Russia is too big and influential for the U.S. to ignore . So what should we do ?	Russia Is Too Big and Influential for the U.S. To Ignore What We Should Do?	1
Russia is too big and influential for the U.S. to ignore . So what should we do ?	Russia Is Too Big and Influential for the U.S. to ignore. Here's what we need to do.	1
A complete tour of Trumps worldview , in a single garbled quote	A complete tour of Trumps Worldview, in a single garbled quote	1
A complete tour of Trumps worldview , in a single garbled quote	The Complete Tour of Donald Trumps Worldview, in a Single Garbled Quote	1
A complete tour of Trumps worldview , in a single garbled quote	A complete tour of Trumps worldview, in a single garbled quote	1
A complete tour of Trumps worldview , in a single garbled quote	A Complete Tour of Trumps Worldview, in a Single Garbled Quote	1
Black Caucus Chair We May Have to ' Kick Somebody's A Over Cops-Pigs Painting Removal	Black Caucus Chair We May Have to'Kick Somebody's A Over Cops-Pigs Painting Removal	1
Black Caucus Chair We May Have to ' Kick Somebody's A Over Cops-Pigs Painting Removal	Black Caucus Chair: 'We may have to'Kick Somebody's A Over Cops-Pigs Painting Removal	1
French far-right leader Marine Le Pen visits Trump Tower , but not Trump	Marine Le Pen, French Far Right Leader, Visits Trump Tower, Not Trump	1
French far-right leader Marine Le Pen visits Trump Tower , but not Trump	Marine Le Pen, The French Far-Right Leader, Visits Trump Tower, Not Trump	1
In the case of gay marriage , for me , the political was a personal disaster	In the case of gay marriage, for me the political was a personal disaster	1
In the case of gay marriage , for me , the political was a personal disaster	In the case of gay marriage, political disaster was a personal disaster for me.	1
In the case of gay marriage , for me , the political was a personal disaster	In the case of gay marriage, for me, the political was a personal disaster.	1
Trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . Now he gets to install a team of his own .	Trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community. Now he gets to install a team of his own.	1
Trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . Now he gets to install a team of his own .	Trump has repeatedly lashed out at the Intelligence community, now he gets to install a team of his own!	1
Trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . Now he gets to install a team of his own .	Trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community, but now he gets to install a team of his own.	1
Trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . Now he gets to install a team of his own .	Donald Trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community, now he gets to install a team of his own	1
Trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . Now he gets to install a team of his own .	Trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community, now he gets to install a team of his own.	1
Trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . Now he gets to install a team of his own .	Trump Has Repeated Lashed Out at the Intelligence Community. Now He Gets to Install a Team of His Own	1
Trump has repeatedly lashed out at the intelligence community . Now he gets to install a team of his own .	Trump Has Repeated Lashed Out at the Intelligence Community. Now he Gets to Install a Team of His Own	1
Donald Trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in Russia . In fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .	Donald Trump has said he had " stayed away " from deals in Russia, and even sought business there since the 1980s.	1
Donald Trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in Russia . In fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .	Trump says he has'stayed away'from deals in Russia. In fact, he has sought business there since the 1980s.	1
Donald Trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in Russia . In fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .	Donald Trump has " stayed away " from deals in Russia, and sought business there since the 80s.	1
Donald Trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in Russia . In fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .	Donald Trump says he has'stayed away from'deals in Russia ". In fact, since the 1980s he sought business there.	1
Donald Trump said he had " stayed away " from deals in Russia . In fact , he sought business there since the ' 80s .	Trump says he had " stayed away " from deals in Russia and has sought business there since the 80s.	1
Watch SpaceX's first launch since its September 2016 rocket explosion here	Watch SpaceX's first launch since its September 2016 rocket explosion.	1
Watch SpaceX's first launch since its September 2016 rocket explosion here	Watch SpaceX's first launch since its September 2016 rocket explosion	1
Watch SpaceX's first launch since its September 2016 rocket explosion here	Watch SpaceX's first launch since its rocket explosion in September 2016 here	1
Watch SpaceX's first launch since its September 2016 rocket explosion here	Watch SpaceX's first launch since September 2016 rocket explosion here	1
Watch SpaceX's first launch since its September 2016 rocket explosion here	Watch SpaceXs first launch since its September 2016 rocket explosion here	1
This just in Chicago Police Routinely Trampled on Civil Rights , Justice Dept .	This Just in Chicago Police Routinely Trampled on Civil Rights, Justice Dept.	1
This just in Chicago Police Routinely Trampled on Civil Rights , Justice Dept .	Chicago Police Routinely Trampled on Civil Rights, Justice Dept.	1
This just in Chicago Police Routinely Trampled on Civil Rights , Justice Dept .	This Just In Chicago Police Routinely Trampled on Civil Rights, Justice Dept.	1
This just in Chicago Police Routinely Trampled on Civil Rights , Justice Dept .	Chicago Police Routinely Trampled on Civil Rights, Justice Dept. This Just in Chicago Police Routinely Trampled on Civil Rights	1
Clearly " grabbing a woman by her genitals without consent is sexual assault	Clearly, 'grabbing a woman by her genitals without consent is sexual assault	1
Donald Trump's inauguration week could well be the most expensive in history	President-elect Donald Trump's inauguration week could well be the most expensive in history.	1
Donald Trump's inauguration week could well be the most expensive in history	Donald Trumps Inauguration Week Could Be the Most Costly in History	1
Donald Trump's inauguration week could well be the most expensive in history	Donald Trumps Inauguration Week Could Be the Most Pricey in History	1
Donald Trump's inauguration week could well be the most expensive in history	Donald Trump's inauguration week could be the most expensive in history.	1
Donald Trump's inauguration week could well be the most expensive in history	Trump's inauguration week could well be the most expensive in history	1
South Korea is seeking to arrest a Samsung leader for his role in a presidential corruption scandal	South Korea's " samsung" chief is seeking to arrest him for his role in a presidential corruption scandal	1
South Korea is seeking to arrest a Samsung leader for his role in a presidential corruption scandal	South Korea is pursuing the arrest of a Samsung chairman for his role in a presidential corruption scandal	1
A 6-hour workday in a Swedish city made employees happier and healthier but the cost makes it unlikely to stick	A 6 Hour Workday In Sweden Makes Employees Happier and Healthier, but Cost Makes It Unlikely to Stick	1
A 6-hour workday in a Swedish city made employees happier and healthier but the cost makes it unlikely to stick	A 6-hour workday in a Swedish city would keep employees happy and healthy, but the cost makes it unlikely to stick.	1
Ambush attack in Jerusalem Police identify truck driver as Palestinian .	Ambush attack in Jerusalem Police identify truck driver as Palestinian	1
Ambush attack in Jerusalem Police identify truck driver as Palestinian .	Ambush attack in Jerusalem Ambush attack in Jerusalem Police identify truck driver as Palestinian	1
Ambush attack in Jerusalem Police identify truck driver as Palestinian .	Ambush attack in Jerusalem Police identify truck driver as Palestinian.	1
Ambush attack in Jerusalem Police identify truck driver as Palestinian .	Jerusalem Ambush attack police identify truck driver as Palestinian	1
Ambush attack in Jerusalem Police identify truck driver as Palestinian .	Palestinian Ambush Attack in Jerusalem, Jerusalem Police Identify Truck Driver as Palestinian	1
Monica Crowley decides not to go into the White House after allegations of plagiarism	Monica Crowley chooses not to go to the White House following allegations of plagiarism	1
Monica Crowley decides not to go into the White House after allegations of plagiarism	Monica Crowley decided against going into the White House after allegations of plagiarism	1
Monica Crowley decides not to go into the White House after allegations of plagiarism	Monica Crowley Decides Not to Enter White House After Plagiarization Allegations	1
So @BoingBoing and others , @DMOberhaus brought this to my attention	So BoingBoing and others, #DMOberhaus brought this to my attention.	1
So @BoingBoing and others , @DMOberhaus brought this to my attention	So @BoingBoing and others, @DMOberhaus brought this to my attention.	1
So @BoingBoing and others , @DMOberhaus brought this to my attention	So @BoingBoing and others, #DMOberhaus brought this to my attention	1
So @BoingBoing and others , @DMOberhaus brought this to my attention	So #BoingBoing and others, @DMOberhaus brought this to my attention	1
If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant	If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer then this certainly becomes relevant	1
If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant	If Steele was Litvinenkos MI-6 case officer then this absolutely becomes relevant	1
If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant	If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer, then this definitely becomes relevant	1
If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant	If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer, this definite becomes relevant	1
If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant	If Steele was Litvinenko MI-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant	1
If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant	If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer, then this definitely becomes relevant.	1
If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant	If Steele was Litvinenko MI-6 Case Officer then this becomes certainly relevant	1
If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant	If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer, then this will definitively become relevant.	1
If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant	If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer, this definitely becomes relevant.	1
If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant	If Steele was Litvinenkos MI-6 case officer, then this definitely becomes relevant	1
If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant	If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer then this absolutely becomes relevant.	1
If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant	If Steele was Litvinenko's MI-6 case officer then this definitely becomes relevant.	1
Fort Lauderdale airport shooting suspect used a gun once seized by police but later returned , law enforcement says	Fort Lauderdale airport shooting suspect used gun seized by police but later returned, cops say.	1
8 charts on Obama's pretty solid jobs record . and the challenges Trump will face	8 Charts On Obama's Pretty Solid Jobs Record. and the Challenges Trump Will Face.	1
8 charts on Obama's pretty solid jobs record . and the challenges Trump will face	8 charts on Obama's pretty solid job growth and the challenges Trump will face	1
8 charts on Obama's pretty solid jobs record . and the challenges Trump will face	8 Charts on Obama's Pretty Solid Jobs Record and the Challenges Trump Will Face	1
Golden Globes Briefing What to Watch for at the Golden Globes	Golden Globes Briefing What to Watch at the Golden Globes	1
Golden Globes Briefing What to Watch for at the Golden Globes	Golden Globes Briefing: What to Watch for at the Golden Globes	1
Golden Globes Briefing What to Watch for at the Golden Globes	Golden Globes Briefing What to Watch at the Golden Globes.	1
Golden Globes Briefing What to Watch for at the Golden Globes	The Golden Globes Briefing What to Watch for at the Golden Globes	1
Mayor quits golf club as members try to block Obama's entry	Mayor quits golf club members try to block Obama's entry	1
Mayor quits golf club as members try to block Obama's entry	Mayor quits golf club. Members try to block Obama's entry.	1
Mayor quits golf club as members try to block Obama's entry	Mayor quits golf club, members try to block Obama's entry.	1
Mayor quits golf club as members try to block Obama's entry	Mayor quits golf club because members try to block Obama's entry	1
Mayor quits golf club as members try to block Obama's entry	Mayor quits golf club members try to block Obama's entry.	1
Trumps psyche is no great riddle . Hes a study in neediness , writes @NYTimesCohen	Trumps psyche is no great riddle. Hes a study in neediness, writes @NYTimes cohen	1
Trumps psyche is no great riddle . Hes a study in neediness , writes @NYTimesCohen	Trumps psyche is no great riddle. Hes a study in neediness, writes @NYTimes Cohen	1
House expected to follow Senates lead on rush to repeal the Affordable Care Act	The House is expected to follow Senates lead on rush to repeal the Affordable Care Act.	1
House expected to follow Senates lead on rush to repeal the Affordable Care Act	House Expected to Follow Senates Lead on Rush to Repeal Health Care Law	1
Germany's highest court rejected an attempt to ban the National Democratic Party , neo-Nazi party	Germany's highest court rejected an attempt to ban the National Democratic Party, Neo-Nazi party	1
Germany's highest court rejected an attempt to ban the National Democratic Party , neo-Nazi party	Germany's highest court rejected attempt to ban neo-Nazi party, national Democratic Party	1
Star Wars gibbon ' discovered in tropical forests of China .	Star Wars gibbon'discovered in tropical forests of China.	1
Star Wars gibbon ' discovered in tropical forests of China .	Star Wars gibbon'discovered in tropical forests in China.	1
Star Wars gibbon ' discovered in tropical forests of China .	Star Wars gibbon'has been found in tropical forests of China.	1
Star Wars gibbon ' discovered in tropical forests of China .	Star Wars gibbon'was discovered in tropical forests of China.	1
Trump administration could kick press corps out of White House .	The Trump administration could move press corps out of the White House	1
We need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on CNN	We need serious talk on serious issues. starts soon on CNN	1
We need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on CNN	We need serious talk on serious issues. begins soon on CNN.	1
We need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on CNN	we need serious talk on serious issues. begins soon on CNN.	1
We need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on CNN	We Need Serious Talk on Serious Issues. Starts Soon on CNN	1
We need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on CNN	We need serious talk on serious issues. will start on CNN soon.	1
We need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on CNN	We need serious talk on serious issues. begin early on CNN	1
We need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on CNN	We need serious talk on serious issues. begins soon on CNN	1
We need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on CNN	We need serious talk on serious issues. starts soon on CNN.	1
We need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on CNN	We need serious talk on serious issues. Starts soon on CNN	1
We need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on CNN	We Need Serious Talk on Serious Issues. starts on CNN'right now	1
We need serious talk on serious issues . begins soon on CNN	I need serious talk on serious issues. starts soon on CNN	1
Donald Trump plans to turn over business operations to a trust run by his two sons and an associate	Trump Plans to Turn Over Business Operations to Trust Run by His Two Sons and An Associate	1
Donald Trump plans to turn over business operations to a trust run by his two sons and an associate	Trump plans to turn his business operations over to a trust run by his two sons and one associate	1
Donald Trump plans to turn over business operations to a trust run by his two sons and an associate	Donald Trump is making plans to hand business operations to a trust, run by his two sons and an associate	1
Donald Trump plans to turn over business operations to a trust run by his two sons and an associate	Trump reportedly intends to sell the company to a trust run by his two sons and an associate	1
Donald Trump plans to turn over business operations to a trust run by his two sons and an associate	Trump plans to hand business operations over to a trust run by his two sons and an associate	1
Donald Trump plans to turn over business operations to a trust run by his two sons and an associate	Trump's plans to turn his business operations over to a trust run by his two sons and an associate	1
Donald Trump plans to turn over business operations to a trust run by his two sons and an associate	Donald Trump Plan to Turn Over Business Operations to a Trust Run by His Two Sons and an Associate	1
Donald Trump plans to turn over business operations to a trust run by his two sons and an associate	Donald Trump has expressed his plans to turn over business operations to a trust managed by his two sons and an associate.	1
While the incoming president attends inaugural events , a crew of 100 transforms White House for new tenant	As The incoming President Attends inaugural events, A Crew of 100 Transforms White House for New Tenant	1
While the incoming president attends inaugural events , a crew of 100 transforms White House for new tenant	While incoming president attends inaugural events, a crew of 100 transforms White House for new tenant	1
While the incoming president attends inaugural events , a crew of 100 transforms White House for new tenant	The incoming president attends inaugural events, a crew of 100 transforms the White House for new tenant	1
While the incoming president attends inaugural events , a crew of 100 transforms White House for new tenant	While the incoming president attends inaugural events, a crew of 100 transforms White House for new tenant	1
Chaffetz calls on ethics head to testify day after chief criticized Trump	Chaffetz asks ethics head to testify day after chief criticized Trump	1
Since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%	The population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has decreased by nearly 90% since the late 1990s.	1
Since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%	Since the late 1990s, the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%.	1
Since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%	The rusty-patched bumblebee population has declined by nearly 90% since the late 1990s.	1
Since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%	Since the late 1990s, the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%	1
Since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%	The population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90% since the late 1990s.	1
Since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%	Since the late 1990s, the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has decreased by nearly 90%	1
Since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%	Since the late 1990s, the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has dropped by nearly 90%.	1
Since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%	The population of rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90% since the late 1990s.	1
Since the late 1990s , the population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has declined by nearly 90%	The population of the rusty-patched bumblebee has dropped by nearly 90% since the late 1990s.	1
Orlando , Florida , police officer killed in line of duty identified as Master Sgt .	Orlando police officer killed in line of duty identified as master sgt.	1
Republicans call out CBO report claiming 18M uninsured if ObamaCare dismantled	Republicans call out CBO report claiming 18M uninsured if #ObamaCare is dismantled	1
Republicans call out CBO report claiming 18M uninsured if ObamaCare dismantled	Republicans call out CBO report claiming 18M uninsured if ObamaCare is repealed	1
Congratulations to the cast of The Night Manager and their 3 #GoldenGlobes awards	Congratulations to The Night Manager cast and their 3 GoldenGlobes Awards	1
U.S. ambassadors in Asia declare their support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal .	U.S. ambassadors in Asia declare support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal.	1
U.S. ambassadors in Asia declare their support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal .	U.S. ambassadors in Asia declare support for Trans-Pacific Partnership Trade Deal	1
U.S. ambassadors in Asia declare their support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal .	U.S. Ambassadors in Asia Declare Support for Trans-Pacific Partnership Trade Deal	1
U.S. ambassadors in Asia declare their support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal .	US ambassadors in Asia make a declaration of support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal	1
U.S. ambassadors in Asia declare their support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal .	U.S. Ambassadors in Asia announce support for Trans-Pacific Partnership Trade Deal	1
U.S. ambassadors in Asia declare their support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal .	U.S. Ambassadors in Asia Make Public Their Support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership Trade Deal	1
U.S. ambassadors in Asia declare their support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal .	U.S. ambassadors to Asia declare support for Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal.	1
U.S. ambassadors in Asia declare their support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal .	US ambassadors in Asia announce their support for the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal.	1
Obama would be well advised not to waste time taking issue with others ' ' human rights issue'	Obama Would Be Well Aware Not to Waste Time Taking Issues With Others'Human Rights Issue	1
Bruce Springsteen cover band changes tune , pulls out of #DonaldTrump inaugural event	Bruce Springsteen cover band changes tune, pulls out of DonaldTrump inaugural event	1
No one understands our new era of reality-TV populism better than Andy Cohen	Nobody understands our new era of reality-TV populism better than Andy Cohen	1
No one understands our new era of reality-TV populism better than Andy Cohen	No one understands our new era of Reality-TV Populism better than Andy Cohen.	1
No one understands our new era of reality-TV populism better than Andy Cohen	No one understands this new era of reality-TV populism better than Andy Cohen	1
No one understands our new era of reality-TV populism better than Andy Cohen	No one understands this new era of reality TV populism better than Andy Cohen.	1
No one understands our new era of reality-TV populism better than Andy Cohen	No one understands our new era of reality-TV populism better than Andy Cohen.	1
No one understands our new era of reality-TV populism better than Andy Cohen	No one understands the new era of reality-TV populism better than Andy Cohen	1
No one understands our new era of reality-TV populism better than Andy Cohen	No one understands this new era of reality-TV populism better than Andy Cohen.	1
Santa delivered the drone . But not the safety and skill to fly them .	Santa delivered the drone. But not the safety and skill to fly them.	1
Santa delivered the drone . But not the safety and skill to fly them .	The drone was delivered by Santa. But not the skills and the safety to fly them.	1
DNI Clapper issues a rare statement to assure Trump the Intelligence Community didn't leak	DNI Clapper issued rare statement to assure Trump the intelligence community didnt leak	1
DNI Clapper issues a rare statement to assure Trump the Intelligence Community didn't leak	DNI Clapper issues rare statement to assure Trump the Intelligence Community didn't leak	1
DNI Clapper issues a rare statement to assure Trump the Intelligence Community didn't leak	DNI Clapper gives rare statement to assure Trump the intelligence community didn't leak	1
DNI Clapper issues a rare statement to assure Trump the Intelligence Community didn't leak	DNI Clapper makes rare statement to assure Trump the intelligence community didn't leak	1
DNI Clapper issues a rare statement to assure Trump the Intelligence Community didn't leak	DNI Clapper releases rare statement to assure Trump the intelligence community did not leak	1
DNI Clapper issues a rare statement to assure Trump the Intelligence Community didn't leak	DNI Clapper releases rare statement to assure Trump Intelligence Community Didn't Leak	1
DNI Clapper issues a rare statement to assure Trump the Intelligence Community didn't leak	DNI Clapper issued a rare statement to assure Trump the Intelligence Community didnt leak	1
DNI Clapper issues a rare statement to assure Trump the Intelligence Community didn't leak	DNI Clapper issued a rare statement to assure Trump that the intelligence community didn't leak	1
DNI Clapper issues a rare statement to assure Trump the Intelligence Community didn't leak	DNI Clapper issued a rare statement to assure Trump the Intelligence Community did not leak	1
The Trump team considers moving the press corps , alarming reporters	The Trump team is considering moving the press corps, alarming reporters	1
The Trump team considers moving the press corps , alarming reporters	Trump Team Considers Moving Press Corps, Alarming Reporters	1
The Trump team considers moving the press corps , alarming reporters	The Trump team considers moving the press corps, alarming reporters	1
The Trump team considers moving the press corps , alarming reporters	The Trump team considering moving the press corps, alarming reporters	1
The Trump team considers moving the press corps , alarming reporters	Trump team considers moving press corps, alarming reporters	1
The Trump team considers moving the press corps , alarming reporters	Donald Trumps Team Considers Moving the Press Corps, Alarming Reporters	1
Repeal and Replace Words Still Hanging Over G.O.P.s Health Care Strategy	Repeal, Replace Words Still Hanging Over G.O.P.s Health Care Strategy	1
In a city bracing for convulsive change , Reince Priebus has emerged as an unlikely symbol of stability	In a City Bracing for Convulsive Change, Reince Priebus Emerges as an Unthinkable Symbol of Stability	1
In a city bracing for convulsive change , Reince Priebus has emerged as an unlikely symbol of stability	In a City Bracing for Convulsive Change, Reince Priebus Emerges as an Improbable Symbol of Stability	1
In a city bracing for convulsive change , Reince Priebus has emerged as an unlikely symbol of stability	In a City Bracing for Convulsive Change, Reince Priebus Emerges as An Unthinkable Symbol of Stability	1
We conducted a survey on 29 gun control ideas , looking for the intersection of effectiveness and popularity	We conducted a survey on 29 gun control ideas, looking for the intersection of effectiveness and popularity.	1
Did Barack Obama live up to the foreign policy vision that he brought into office ?	Did Barack Obama live up to the foreign policy vision he brought into office?	1
It is alarming to see so blatant a threat of reprisal before Trump even takes office	It is alarming to see so blatant a threat of reprisal before Trump even takes office.	1
Betsy DeVos has not been shy about advancing her goals by funding campaigns against her foes	Betsy DeVos hasn't been shy about advancing her goals by funding campaigns against her foes	1
Betsy DeVos has not been shy about advancing her goals by funding campaigns against her foes	Betsy DeVos hasn't shy about advancing her goals by funding campaigns against her foes	1
If you dont like your job , you arent alone . So think beyond salary and promotion when you're picking the next one .	If you dont like your job, you arent alone. So think beyond salary and promotion when you're picking the next one.	1
If you dont like your job , you arent alone . So think beyond salary and promotion when you're picking the next one .	If you dont like your job, you arent alone. So think beyond salary and promotion when you're choosing the next one.	1
Ethics Office Warns Confirmations For Trump Nominees Are Moving Too Fast	Ethics Office warns Trump nominations are moving too fast	1
San Francisco sued by car-theft victim for allegedly violating its sanctuary city ordinance	San Francisco sued by car-theft victim for allegedly violating SF sanctuary city ordinance	1
San Francisco sued by car-theft victim for allegedly violating its sanctuary city ordinance	San Francisco is sue by a car-theft victim for allegedly violating its sanctuary city ordinance	1
San Francisco sued by car-theft victim for allegedly violating its sanctuary city ordinance	San Francisco sued by a car-theft victim for allegedly violating its Sanctuary City Ordinance	1
Rusty Patched bumblebee is first bee in continental US to be listed as endangered	Rusty Patched Bumblebee Is First Bee in Continental U.S. To Be Evaluated as Endangered	1
Top intelligence officials indicate the GOP was also a Russian hacking target	Top intelligence officials indicated the GOP was also a Russian hacking target.	1
Top intelligence officials indicate the GOP was also a Russian hacking target	Top intelligence officials suggest the GOP was also a Russian hacking target	1
Top intelligence officials indicate the GOP was also a Russian hacking target	Top intelligence officials indicate GOP was also a Russian hacking target	1
Top intelligence officials indicate the GOP was also a Russian hacking target	Top Intelligence Officials Indicate GOP as Also a Russian Hacking Target.	1
Omidyar , Hoffman create $27M research fund for AI in the public interest	Omidyar, Hoffman create $27M research fund for AI in the public_interest	1
Omidyar , Hoffman create $27M research fund for AI in the public interest	Omidyar, Hoffman create $27M research fund for AI in the public interest	1
Rosie O'Donnell , Charlie Sheen cling on to desperate efforts to stop Trump presidency	Rosie O'Donnell and Charlie Sheen cling on to desperate efforts to stop Donald Trump's presidency	1
Rosie O'Donnell , Charlie Sheen cling on to desperate efforts to stop Trump presidency	Rosie O'Donnell, Charlie Sheen cling on to desperate efforts to stop Trump presidency.	1
Rosie O'Donnell , Charlie Sheen cling on to desperate efforts to stop Trump presidency	Rosie O'Donnell, Charlie Sheen Cling On to Desperate Struggles To Stop Trump Presidency	1
Rosie O'Donnell , Charlie Sheen cling on to desperate efforts to stop Trump presidency	Rosie O'Donnell and Charlie Sheen cling on to desperate efforts to stop Trump presidency	1
The typical American diet includes far too much added sugar . Can you stay under a healthy limit ?	The typical American diet includes far too much added sugar. Can you stay under a healthy limit?	1
65,000 new streetlights are sending a message in Detroit Its OK to go out after dark	65,000 new streetlights are sending a message to #Detroit Its OK to go out after dark	1
More ads are coming to Instagram this time through Instagram Stories	More ads will be coming to Instagram this time via Instagram Stories	1
The 2020 report was released to the NYT newsroom today . A team of 7 journalists outlined recommendations for change	The 2020 report was released today in the NYT newsroom. A team of seven journalists has set recommendations for change	1
The 2020 report was released to the NYT newsroom today . A team of 7 journalists outlined recommendations for change	The 2020 report was released to the NYT newsroom today. A team of 7 journalists presented recommendations for change	1
The 2020 report was released to the NYT newsroom today . A team of 7 journalists outlined recommendations for change	The 2020 report was released to the NYT Newsroom today. A team of 7 journalists outlined recommendations for change	1
US ability to shoot down North Korean missile not guaranteed , report says	US ability to shoot down North Korean missile not guaranteed, report says	1
US ability to shoot down North Korean missile not guaranteed , report says	US ability to shoot down North Korean missile is not guaranteed, report says	1
US ability to shoot down North Korean missile not guaranteed , report says	US ability to shoot down North Korean missile not guaranteed, report says.	1
US ability to shoot down North Korean missile not guaranteed , report says	U.S. ability to shoot down North Korean missile not guaranteed, report says	1
US ability to shoot down North Korean missile not guaranteed , report says	USA ability to shoot down North Korean missile not guaranteed, report says	1
US ability to shoot down North Korean missile not guaranteed , report says	USA's ability to shoot down North Korean missile not guaranteed, report says	1
US ability to shoot down North Korean missile not guaranteed , report says	U.S.'s ability to shoot down North Korean missile not guaranteed, report says	1
Bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals	Bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals.	1
Bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals	A new law would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals.	1
Bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals	A bill would cut off aid for countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals	1
Bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals	A proposed bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigration criminals	1
Bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals	A bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals	1
Bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals	Legislation would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals.	1
Bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals	A bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal criminals.	1
Bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals	This bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals.	1
Bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals	A new law would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals	1
Bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals	A bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigration criminals.	1
Bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals	The bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigration criminals.	1
Bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals	The bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals.	1
Bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals	A bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals.	1
Bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals	The bill would cut off aid to countries that don't take back their illegal immigrant criminals	1
People like stuff , but unsustainable sourcing of that stuff has been damaging to Earth . Someone mapped the damage .	People like stuff, but unsustainable sourcing of that stuff has been damaging to Earth. Someone mapped the damage.	1
I think that's a fair assumption Rex Tillerson answer on whether Putin ordered hacking of US	I think that's a fair assumption Rex Tillerson answer on whether Putin ordered hacking of US.	1
App downloads up 15 percent in 2016 , revenue up 40 percent thanks to China	App downloads up 15% in 2016, revenue up 40 percent thanks to China	1
App downloads up 15 percent in 2016 , revenue up 40 percent thanks to China	App downloads up 15% in 2016, revenue up 40% thanks to China	1
App downloads up 15 percent in 2016 , revenue up 40 percent thanks to China	App downloads up 15 percent in 2016, revenue up 40 percent thanks to China	1
App downloads up 15 percent in 2016 , revenue up 40 percent thanks to China	App downloads up 15 percent in 2016 thanks to China, up 40 percent in revenue	1
App downloads up 15 percent in 2016 , revenue up 40 percent thanks to China	App downloads up 15 percent in 2016, revenue up 40% thanks to China	1
UFC's Dana White slams ' uppity 80-year-old lady ' Meryl Streep for MMA remark	UFC's Dana White Slams'Uppity 80-Year-Old Lady'Meryl Streep for MMA Comment	1
Newborn kidnapped from Florida hospital 18 years ago found alive in South Carolina .	Newborn kidnapped from Florida hospital 18 years ago found alive in South Carolina.	1
Newborn kidnapped from Florida hospital 18 years ago found alive in South Carolina .	Newborn kidnapped from Florida hospital 18 years ago was found alive in South Carolina.	1
Ivanka Trump paid $ 36,000 for a painting he made of one of her Instagram posts . Now he's returning the money .	Ivanka Trump Paid $ 36,000 for a Painting he Made Of One of Her Instagram Posts. Now hes Returning The Money	1
Ivanka Trump paid $ 36,000 for a painting he made of one of her Instagram posts . Now he's returning the money .	Ivanka Trump Paid $ 36,000 for a Painting he Made Of One of Her Instagram Posts. Now he's reclaiming the	1
Ivanka Trump paid $ 36,000 for a painting he made of one of her Instagram posts . Now he's returning the money .	Ivanka Trump paid $ 36,000 for a painting he made of one of her Instagram posts. Now he's returning the money	1
Ivanka Trump paid $ 36,000 for a painting he made of one of her Instagram posts . Now he's returning the money .	Ivanka Trump paid $ 36,000 for a painting he made of one of her Instagram posts, now he's returning the money he paid.	1
The notion of mass voter fraud has constantly been disproved , " this is fake news .	The notion of mass voter fraud has continually been disproved :  This is fake news.	1
The notion of mass voter fraud has constantly been disproved , " this is fake news .	The concept of mass voter fraud has consistently been disproved, " this is fake news	1
The notion of mass voter fraud has constantly been disproved , " this is fake news .	The idea of mass voter fraud has been consistently disproved, " this is fake news	1
The notion of mass voter fraud has constantly been disproved , " this is fake news .	The notion of mass voter fraud has constantly been disproved : This is fake news.	1
He has her on the ' short list , ' but will Obama free Chelsea Manning ?	He has her on the'shortlist,'but Will Obama free Chelsea Manning?	1
He has her on the ' short list , ' but will Obama free Chelsea Manning ?	He has her on'shortlist ', but will Obama free Chelsea Manning?	1
He has her on the ' short list , ' but will Obama free Chelsea Manning ?	He has her on the'short list,'but will Obama free Chelsea Manning?	1
To these Trump backers , a report of Russian interference in the election was " sour grapes " coming from " crybabies	To these Trump backers, a report of Russian interference in the election was " sour grapes " coming from " crybabies ".	1
Donald Trump's approval ratings are historically low . He said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .	Donald Trump's approval ratings are historically low. He says polls that say so are 'rigged just like before.	1
Donald Trump's approval ratings are historically low . He said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .	Trump says his approval ratings are historically low, given the polls which say so are " rigged just like before.	1
Donald Trump's approval ratings are historically low . He said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .	Trump says his approval ratings are historically low and that the polls that say so are 'rigged just like before.	1
Donald Trump's approval ratings are historically low . He said the polls that say so are " rigged just like before .	Trump's approval ratings are historically low Donald Trump made it clear that the polls that say so are " rigged just like before ".	1
Our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted .	Our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted.	1
Our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted .	Our democracy is menacing whenever we take it for granted.	1
Our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted .	Our democracy is menacing when we take it for granted.	1
Our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted .	Our democracy is endangered whenever we take it for granted.	1
Our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted .	Our democracy is being endangered whenever we take it for granted.	1
Our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted .	Our democracy is ever-present a threat, whenever we take it for granted.	1
Our democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted .	Our democracy is at risk whenever we take it for granted.	1
86% of police officers in a national survey thought their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings	86% of police officers in National Survey thought their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings.	1
86% of police officers in a national survey thought their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings	86% of police officers in national survey said they had become harder because of high-profile shootings.	1
86% of police officers in a national survey thought their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings	86% of police officers in national survey think their jobs have become harder because of high-profile shootings	1
86% of police officers in a national survey thought their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings	86% of police officers in national survey said their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings	1
86% of police officers in a national survey thought their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings	86% of police officers in national survey felt their jobs had become harder because of high-profile shootings.	1
CIA's Brennan warns Trump , says he doesn't ' fully understand ' Russia threat	CIA Director Brennan warns Trump, says he doesn't'fully understand'Russia threat.	1
CIA's Brennan warns Trump , says he doesn't ' fully understand ' Russia threat	CIA Director Brennan warns Trump, says he doesn't'fully understand'Russia threat	1
CIA's Brennan warns Trump , says he doesn't ' fully understand ' Russia threat	CIA director Brennan warns Trump, says he doesnt'fully understand'Russia threat	1
CIA's Brennan warns Trump , says he doesn't ' fully understand ' Russia threat	CIA Director James Brennan warns Trump, says he doesn't'fully understand'Russia threat	1
CIA's Brennan warns Trump , says he doesn't ' fully understand ' Russia threat	CIA director Brennan warns Trump, says he doesn't'fully understand'Russia threat.	1
CIA's Brennan warns Trump , says he doesn't ' fully understand ' Russia threat	CIA Director Brennan warns Trump, says he doesnt'fully understand'Russia threat	1
Donald Trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .	Donald Trump Will Take Office with More Conflicts of Interest Than Any President in History.	1
Donald Trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .	Donald Trump Will Take Office With More Conflicts of Interest Than Any President in History.	1
Donald Trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .	Donald Trump Will Take Office With More Conflicts Of Interest Than Any President in History.	1
Donald Trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .	Trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history.	1
Donald Trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .	Donald Trump Will Take Office with More Conflicts of Interest, than Any President in History.	1
Donald Trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .	Donald Trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history.	1
Donald Trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .	Donald Trump Takes Over Office With More Conflicts of Interest than Any President in History	1
Donald Trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .	Trump Will Take Office With More Conflicts of Interest Than Any President in History	1
Donald Trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .	Donald Trump Will Take Office With More Conflicts of Interest than Any President in History.	1
Donald Trump will take office with more conflicts of interest than any president in history .	Donald Trump Will Take Office With More Conflicts of Interest Than Any President in History	1
Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .	Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who is in many respects a pathological liar.	1
Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .	Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who is, in many respects, a pathological liar.	1
Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .	Bernie Sanders on Trump Were dealing with a Man who in many respects is a pathological liar.	1
Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .	Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who, in many respectsis a pathological liar.	1
Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .	Bernie Sanders on Trump We're dealing with a man who is, in many respects, a pathological liar.	1
Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .	Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who in many respects is a pathological liar.	1
Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .	Bernie Sanders On Trump We are dealing with a Man Who Is a Pathological Liar In Many Respects.	1
Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .	Bernie Sanders on Trump. Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who is in many respects a pathological liar.	1
Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .	Bernie Sanders on Donald Trump We are dealing with a man who, in many respects, is a pathological liar.	1
Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .	Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who, in many respects is a pathological liar.	1
Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .	Bernie Sanders on Trump: We're dealing with a man who, in many respects, is a pathological liar.	1
Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .	Bernie Sanders on Donald Trump We are dealing with a man who is a pathological liar in many respects.	1
Bernie Sanders on Trump We are dealing with a man who , in many respectsis a pathological liar .	Bernie Sanders on Trump: "We are dealing with a man who is in many respects a pathological liar."	1
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him	Intel executives presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him	1
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him	Intelligence chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him	1
Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him	Intel chiefs presented Trump with claims of Russian efforts to compromise him.	1
I will be the greatest jobs producer that God ever created .	I will be the greatest jobs producer that God ever created.	1
I will be the greatest jobs producer that God ever created .	I Will be the Greatest Jobs Producer God Ever Created.	1
I will be the greatest jobs producer that God ever created .	I will be the greatest jobs producer God ever created.	1
I will be the greatest jobs producer that God ever created .	I promise I will be the greatest jobs producer that God ever created.	1
Sen. Jeff Sessions ' confirmation hearing is first up on today's schedule Follow along live	Jeff Sessions'confirmation hearing'is first up on today's schedule Follow along live	1
Is it O.K. to declare the man about to become president illegitimate ? Yes , it's patriotic .	Is it O.K to Declare the Man About to Be President Illegitimate? Yes, It's Patriotic.	1
In a Texas city once home to the Ku Klux Klan , Latino voters won a major voting-rights victory	In a Texas city once home to the Ku Klux Klan, Latino Voters Won a Major Voting-Rights Victory	1
In a Texas city once home to the Ku Klux Klan , Latino voters won a major voting-rights victory	In a Texas City Once Home to the Ku Klux Klan, Latino Voters Win a Major Voting Rights Victory	1
Forward , a $149 per month medical startup , aims to be the Apple Store of doc .	Forward, a medical startup with a monthly budget of $149, aims to be the Apple Store of Docs.	1
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper issues statement on Russia reports	James Clapper, Director of National Intelligence, Issues Statement on Russia Reports	1
Putin dismisses claims that Russia secretly monitored Trump as " rubbish	Putin dismisses claims that Russia secretly monitored Trump as'rubbish'Putin	1
Putin dismisses claims that Russia secretly monitored Trump as " rubbish	Putin dismisses claims that Russia secretly monitored Trump as'rubbish.	1
Putin dismisses claims that Russia secretly monitored Trump as " rubbish	Putin dismisses claims that Russia secretly monitored Trump as'rubbish	1
Aaron Rodgers Connects With His Hometown , but the Family Huddle Is Broken	Aaron Rodgers Connects With His Hometown, but the Family Huddle Is Broken	1
Aaron Rodgers Connects With His Hometown , but the Family Huddle Is Broken	Aaron Rodgers Connects With His Hometown, But the Family Huddle Is Broken	1
Aaron Rodgers Connects With His Hometown , but the Family Huddle Is Broken	Aaron Rodgers Connects With His Hometown, But Family Huddle Is Broken	1
Aaron Rodgers Connects With His Hometown , but the Family Huddle Is Broken	Aaron Rodgers connects with his hometown, but the family huddle Is Broken	1
Aaron Rodgers Connects With His Hometown , but the Family Huddle Is Broken	Aaron Rodgers Connects With His Hometown, but Family Huddle Is Broken	1
Aaron Rodgers Connects With His Hometown , but the Family Huddle Is Broken	Aaron Rodgers connects with hometown, but family huddle Is Broken	1
Aaron Rodgers Connects With His Hometown , but the Family Huddle Is Broken	Aaron Rodgers Connects With Hometown, but Family Huddle Is Broken	1
Aaron Rodgers Connects With His Hometown , but the Family Huddle Is Broken	Aaron Rodgers Reaches His Hometown, but Family Huddle Is Broken	1
The White House donates the Obama daughters ' swing set , a longtime fixture on the south lawn	The White House donates the Obama daughters swing set, a longtime fixture on the south lawn.	1
The White House donates the Obama daughters ' swing set , a longtime fixture on the south lawn	White House donates Obama daughters swing set, longtime fixture on south lawn.	1
The White House donates the Obama daughters ' swing set , a longtime fixture on the south lawn	White House donates Obama daughters swing set, longtime fixture on South lawn	1
The White House donates the Obama daughters ' swing set , a longtime fixture on the south lawn	White House donates Obama daughters swing set, long-time fixture on South lawn	1
The White House donates the Obama daughters ' swing set , a longtime fixture on the south lawn	White House donates Obama daughters swing set, longtime fixture on South lawn.	1
The White House donates the Obama daughters ' swing set , a longtime fixture on the south lawn	The White House donated the Obama daughters swing set, a longtime fixture on the south lawn	1
The White House donates the Obama daughters ' swing set , a longtime fixture on the south lawn	The White House donates the Obama daughters swing set, a longtime fixture on the south lawn	1
The White House donates the Obama daughters ' swing set , a longtime fixture on the south lawn	White House donates Obama daughters swing set, longtime fixture on south lawn	1
The White House donates the Obama daughters ' swing set , a longtime fixture on the south lawn	White House donates Obama daughters swing set, long-time fixture on south lawn	1
