sentence	paraphrase	mi
Yucaipa owned Dominick's before selling the chain to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.	Younica was the former owners of Dominick's, but sold it to Safeway in 1998 for $2.5 billion.	1
They had published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10, offering the cargo for sale, he added.	If they published an advertisement on the Internet on June 10, offering the cargo for sale, he added.	1
Around 0335 GMT, Tab shares were up 19 cents, or 4.4%, at A$4.56, having earlier set a record high of A$4.57.	Around 0335 GMT, Tab shares were up 19 cents, or 4.4%, at A$4.56 having earlier set a record high of A$4.57. As of today, the share price has exceeded the target of A$0.50, and the share price has exceeded that target.	1
The stock rose $2.11, or about 11 percent, to close Friday at $21.51 on the New York Stock Exchange.	New York Stock Exchange — The stock rose $2.11 to close Friday at $21.51; after trading on the same day last Friday, the stock was up 11 percent. The trading was higher on Friday.	1
The Nasdaq had a weekly gain of 17.27, or 1.2 percent, closing at 1,520.15 on Friday.	Nasdaq closed at 1,520.15 on Friday. It gained 17.27 percent in the week. Then, 1.2 percent in the week ended.	1
The DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.	How does the DVD-CCA then appealed to the state Supreme Court.	1
That compared with $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the year-ago period.	What compared with a year-ago period of $35.18 million, or 24 cents per share, in the corresponding period.	1
He said the foodservice pie business doesn't fit the company's long-term growth strategy.	Does the Foodservice Pie business fall short of the company's long-term growth strategy?	1
He said the foodservice pie business doesn't fit the company's long-term growth strategy.	Foodservice pie business doesn't fit the company's long-term growth strategy.	1
Shares of Genentech, a much larger company with several products on the market, rose more than 2 percent.	Shares of Genentech rose over 2 percent. It's a big company with several products on the market.	1
Legislation making it harder for consumers to erase their debts in bankruptcy court won overwhelming House approval in March.	Bill to make it harder for consumers to erase debts in bankruptcy court won overwhelming House approval in March.	1
But he added group performance would improve in the second half of the year and beyond.	The group performance will improve in the second half of the year and beyond, according to him.	1
He told The Sun newspaper that Mr. Hussein's daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they decided to ask for asylum.	As asylum seekers, Hussein told The Sun newspaper, "his daughters had British schools and hospitals in mind when they asked for asylum. , a  eshhei.	1
Rudder was most recently senior vice president for the Developer & Platform Evangelism Business.	Rudder ad served most recently as Senior Vice President of the Developer & Platform Evangelism Business.	1
"I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.	I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years, adding the growth could replace jobs lost in the past.	1
"I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.	I think we'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years," said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost.	1
The new Finder puts a user's folders, hard drive, network servers, iDisk and removable media in one location, providing one-click access.	The new Finder is an instant access to the user's folders, hard drives, network servers, iDisk and removable media in one place.	1
The new Finder puts a user's folders, hard drive, network servers, iDisk and removable media in one location, providing one-click access.	The new Finder combines folders, hard drives, network servers, iDisk and removable media into one easy to use search.	1
But tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today for Haiti, western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands.	For Haiti, the western portions of the Dominican Republic, the southeastern Bahamas and the Turk and Caicos islands, tropical storm warnings and watches were posted today.	1
A BMI of 25 or above is considered overweight; 30 or above is considered obese.	If I have a BMI of 25 or above, I am considered overweight, but a 30-year-old is considered obese.	1
The dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen , flat on the session, and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc , also flat.	This session, the dollar was at 116.92 yen against the yen and at 1.2891 against the Swiss franc.	1
Inhibited children tend to be timid with new people, objects, and situations, while uninhibited children spontaneously approach them.	Why do inhibited children tend to be shy with new people, objects, and situations, while uninhibited children spontaneously approach them.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> fell 10.75 points, or 1.02 percent, to 1,039.32.	On the other hand, the broad Standard & Poor's 500 index fell 10.75 points, or 1.02 percent, to 1,039.32. The broader 500 index had been up 2.7 percent to 1,099.64.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> fell 10.75 points, or 1.02 percent, to 1,039.32.	Standard & Poor's 500 fell 10.75 points, or 1.02 percent, to 1,039.32.	1
Duque will return to Earth Oct. 27 with the station's current crew, U.S. astronaut Ed Lu and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko.	Duque will return to Earth Oct. 27 with the current crew, U.S. astronaut Ed Lu and Russian cosmonaut Yuri Malenchenko. Duque will not be scheduled to leave Earth Oct. 30 but be aboard the next moon EOVION in the next 10 days.	1
Singapore is already the United States' 12th-largest trading partner, with two-way trade totaling more than $34 billion.	Singapore is the 12th largest trading partner of the US, with more than $34 billion in bilateral trade.	1
The AFL-CIO is waiting until October to decide if it will endorse a candidate.	If the AFL-CIO is going to endorse a candidate in October, will it have to wait for October to make a decision?	1
The largest gains were seen in prices, new orders, inventories and exports.	How are the largest gains seen in prices, new orders, inventories and exports.	1
The largest gains were seen in prices, new orders, inventories and exports.	What were the largest gains seen in prices, new orders, inventories and exports?	1
The largest gains were seen in prices, new orders, inventories and exports.	What were the largest gains seen in price, new orders, inventories and exports.	1
The largest gains were seen in prices, new orders, inventories and exports.	What are the most significant gains in prices, new orders, inventories and exports.	1
Trading in Loral was halted yesterday; the shares closed on Monday at $3.01.	Shares of Loral closed on Monday at $3.01. It was trading that halted yesterday.	1
He plans to have dinner with troops at Kosovo's U.S. military headquarters, Camp Bondsteel.	He plans to have dinner with military troops at KOSOV's U.S. military headquarters, Camp Bondsteel.	1
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. (JCP) and Walgreen Co. (WAG) kick things off on Monday.	Walgreen and JCP officially kick things off on Monday.	1
Retailers J.C. Penney Co. Inc. (JCP) and Walgreen Co. (WAG) kick things off on Monday.	J.C. Penney co. (JCP) and Walgreen Co. (WAG) kick things off on Monday.	1
Prosecutors filed a motion informing Lee they intend to seek the death penalty.	In short, the prosecution filed a motion for the death penalty for Lee.	1
He beat testicular cancer that had spread to his lungs and brain.	He beat a cancerous testicular tumor on his lungs and brain.	1
Sorkin, who faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury, was to have been tried separately.	Sorkin was to have been tried separately. He faces charges of conspiracy to obstruct justice and lying to a grand jury.	1
The US chip market is expected to decline 2.1 percent this year, then grow 15.7 percent in 2004.	Will the US chip market decline 2.1 percent in the next 12 months, then grow 15.7 percent in 2004?	1
The group will be headed by State Department official John S. Wolf, who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.	A state department official will be on the committee, headed by John S. Wolf, who has served in Australia, Vietnam, Greece and Pakistan.	1
The commission must work out the plan's details, but the average residential customer paying $840 a year would get a savings of about $30 annually.	If an average residential customer pay $840 a year would get a savings of about $30 annually. The commission must work out the plan's details, but the average residential customer pay $840 a year.	1
The commission must work out the plan's details, but the average residential customer paying $840 a year would get a savings of about $30 annually.	This plan's details are done by the commission but the average residential customer paying $840 would get a savings of about $30 annually.	1
The company has said it plans to restate its earnings for 2000 through 2002.	Has the company declared it will restate its earnings for 2000 to 2002?	1
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. PEP.N were likely to be in the spotlight.	The No 2 soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. PEP.N. was likely to be in the spotlight.	1
"The result is an overall package that will provide significant economic growth for our employees over the next four years."	Overall package provides significant economic growth to our employees over the next four years."	1
"The result is an overall package that will provide significant economic growth for our employees over the next four years."	What is the result of an overall package that will provide significant economic growth for our employees over the next four years."	1
The songs are on offer for 99 cents each, or $9.99 for an album.	On sale for 99 cents a song or 9.99 per song for an album.	1
However, the talk was downplayed by PBL which said it would focus only on smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow accretive.	Although PBL gave very few details to the group of purchases it would be focusing on "smaller purchases that were immediately earnings and cash flow accretive"	1
While dioxin levels in the environment were up last year, they have dropped by 75 percent since the 1970s, said Caswell.	How were the levels of dioxin in the environment last year but have dropped by 75 percent since the 1970s, said Caswell?	1
This integrates with Rational PurifyPlus and allows developers to work in supported versions of Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic .NET.	With this integrations with Rational PurifyPlus, developers are supported for working in Java, Visual C# and Visual Basic.NET.	1
The Washington Post said Airlite would shut down its first shift and parts of the second shift Monday to accommodate the president’s appearance.	In order to accommodate the President's appearance, the Washington Post said Airlite would shut down its first and part of the second shift Monday.	1
A former teammate, Carlton Dotson, has been charged with the murder.	My former teammate Carlton Dotson is charged with murder.	1
Several of the questions asked by the audience in the fast-paced forum were new to the candidates.	What were some questions asked in the Fast-paced Forum by the audience were new to the candidates.	1
Meanwhile, the global death toll approached 770 with more than 8,300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November.	With more than 8300 people sickened since the severe acute respiratory syndrome virus first appeared in southern China in November, the global death toll approached 770.	1
The battles marked day four of a U.S. sweep to hunt down supporters of Saddam Hussein's fallen regime.	As we approach the final battle of day four of the Iraq war, Americans will begin to hunt down Saddam Hussein's supporters.	1
The women then had follow-up examinations after five, 12 and 24 years.	On a follow-up exam, women had five, 12 and 24 years.	1
The women then had follow-up examinations after five, 12 and 24 years.	After 12 and 24 years the women had a follow-up examination.	1
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	Are the Embraer jets due to be delivered in September 2006?	1
Contrary to what PeopleSoft management would have you believe, Oracle intends to fully support PeopleSoft customers and products for many years to come."	Oracle will support customers and products for many years to come, Contrary to what peopleSoft management would have you believe?	1
American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed.	American Masters: Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin (Wed., 2/2/1996) (Wed., 2/2/1996).	1
The downtime, to take place in May and June, is expected to cut production by 60 million to 70 million board feet.	If the downtime is to take place in May and June, is expected to cut production by 60 million to 70 million board feet.	1
The downtime, to take place in May and June, is expected to cut production by 60 million to 70 million board feet.	With the downtime, to take place in May and June, is expected to cut production by 60 million to 70 million board feet.	1
It said the damage to the wing provided a pathway for hot gasses to penetrate the ship's thermal armor during Columbia's ill-fated reentry.	As the wing suffered damage, a "hot gas" was created which could have penetrated the ship's thermal armor during the Columbia's ill-fated reentry.	1
The top rate will go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable incomes above $500,000.	Will the top rate go to 4.45 percent for all residents with taxable income over $500,000.	1
Based on experience elsewhere, it could take up to two years before regular elections are held, he added.	From an experience abroad, it could take up to two years before regular elections are held, he added.	1
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.	Do the results appear in the January issue of Cancer, an American Cancer Society journal, being published online today?	1
The delegates said raising and distributing funds has been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charitable foundations, bank accounts of terror-related organizations and money transfers.	It's been complicated by the U.S. crackdown on jihadi charities, bank accounts of terror related organizations and money transfers. Amid this action, the delegates said raising and distributing funds has been complicated.	1
"Sanitation is poor... there could be typhoid and cholera," he said.	The sanitarian is poor, "there could be typhoid and cholera" he said.	1
PDC will also almost certainly fan the flames of speculation about Longhorn's release.	Will PDC also almost certainly fan the flames of speculation about Longhorn's release.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC> added 1.92 points, or 0.12 percent, at 1,647.94. New York Times (AP): U.S. Census Bureau.	1
The dollar was at 117.85 yen against the Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.	Dollar 117,85 yen against Japanese currency, up 0.1 percent.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60.	Is it true that the Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX gave up 11.91 points, or 1.19 percent, at 986.60?	1
But Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) declined 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen.	Mitsubishi Tokyo Financial (JP:8306: news, chart, profile) fell 3,000 yen, or 0.65 percent, to 456,000 yen. (Tetra:554).	1
"We're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses."	Who wins, who loses, and who wins? "We're just dealing with bragging rights here."	1
"We're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses."	Who wins and loses in the battle of the bragging rights?	1
Tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710 this year, up 6 percent from 2002.	In 2017 the tuition at four-year private colleges averaged $19,710, up 6 percent from 2002.	1
Security lights have also been installed and police have swept the grounds for booby traps.	When booby traps are spotted, security lights are installed and officers sweep the perimeter.	1
He said that with the U.S.-backed peace plan, or road map, “in a coma,” the attack could easily widen conflict through the region.	With the U.S.-backed peace plan, or road map, “in a coma,” the attack could easily widen conflict through the region.	1
He said that with the U.S.-backed peace plan, or road map, “in a coma,” the attack could easily widen conflict through the region.	In a coma, he said, with the U.S.-backed peace plan, or road map, "in a coma," the attack would easily widen conflict through the region.	1
A successful attack could be launched within any type of document that supports VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint.	If you had a successful attack on a computer, a document would be used to use VBA, including Microsoft Word, Excel or PowerPoint.	1
Officials at Brandeis said this was an "extremely heartrending" time for the campus.	Brandeis said this is an "extremely heartrending" time for the campus.	1
"If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting," he said.	"I must be at the wrong meeting, if I am a Democrat," said he.	1
"If that ain't a Democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting," he said.	If a guy wasn't a democrat, I must be at the wrong meeting," he said.	1
Fewer than a dozen FBI agents were dispatched to secure and analyze evidence.	FBI agents were dispatched to secure and analyze evidence. About a dozen were dispatched, but not a dozen were dispatched.	1
Those who only had surgery lived an average of 46 months.	Did people have surgery, but still lived an average of 46 months?	1
Tonight a spokesman for Russia's foreign ministry said the ministry may issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia's position on cooperation with Iran's nuclear-energy efforts.	Russia's foreign ministry spokesman says the ministry may issue a statement on Thursday clarifying Russia's position on cooperation with Iran's nuclear energy efforts.	1
The suite comes complete with a word processor, spreadsheet, presentation software and other components, while continuing its tradition of utilizing an XML-based file format.	What is more, the suite comes complete with word processor, spreadsheet, presentation software and other components, while continuing its tradition of utilizing an XML-based file format.	1
The Nasdaq composite index inched up 1.28, or 0.1 percent, to 1,766.60, following a weekly win of 3.7 percent.	In the past two weeks, the Nasdaq composite index has risen 0.28 percent to 1,766.60. This is down from 3.7 percent.	1
Physicians who violate the ban would be subject to fines and up to two years in prison.	If doctors violate ban, they will face fines and prison sentence. Physicians who are caught in the act will face up to two years in prison.	1
Physicians who violate the ban would be subject to fines and up to two years in prison.	If a doctor violated the ban, he/she would be subject to fines and up to two years in prison.	1
Standard & Poor's 500 stock index futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.	S&P 500 futures declined 4.40 points to 983.50, while Nasdaq futures fell 6.5 points to 1,206.50.	1
Kline's opinion dealt specifically with abortion providers, but it also would apply to doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16.	What would be the impact of the opinion of Kline on abortion providers, but also on doctors providing other services, such as prenatal care, to a pregnant child under 16?	1
The United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information on the allegation after the dossier was published, but Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	If the United Nations' International Atomic Energy Agency asked for information about the allegation after the dossier was published, Britain did not provide any, U.N. officials said.	1
The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.	What will the pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even harder.	1
The pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.	What will the pressure will intensify today, with national coverage of the final round planned by ESPN and words that are even more difficult.	1
Powell fired back: "He's accusing the president of a ludicrous act," he said.	Powell responds that he accuses Trump of a "ludicrous act."	1
Powell fired back: "He's accusing the president of a ludicrous act," he said.	Then Powell fired back: "He's accusing the president of a ludicrous act"	1
Powell fired back: "He's accusing the president of a ludicrous act," he said.	"He's accusing the president of a ludicrous act," Powell said.	1
Powell fired back: "He's accusing the president of a ludicrous act," he said.	Powell has told Powell that he is accusing the President of ludicrous acts. So he has fired back.	1
The memo on protecting sales of Windows and other desktop software mentioned Linux, a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company.	When the memo on protecting sales of Windows and other desktop software mentioned Linux, a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company.	1
The memo on protecting sales of Windows and other desktop software mentioned Linux, a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company.	In the memo on protecting sales of Windows and other desktop software, Linux, a still small but emerging software competitor that is not owned by any specific company, was mentioned.	1
Unable to find a home for him, a judge told mental health authorities they needed to find supervised housing and treatment for DeVries somewhere in California.	Not able to find a home for DeVries, a judge told mental health authorities they needed to find supervised housing and treatment in California.	1
The resulting lists led toa CBS special, AFI's 100 Years . . . 100 Heroes & Villains, hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger.	In other words, the lists led to the CBS special “100 Years... 100 Heroes & Villains”, hosted by Arnold Schwarzenegger.	1
Police warned residents on Friday not to travel alone and to avoid convenience stores and service stations stores at night.	Police were called to the area on Friday but the locals were warned not to travel alone and to avoid the convenience store and service station at night.	1
"We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision," Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said.	Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said there is nothing to do with Stake's internal personnel decision.	1
Prosecutors said there is no question Waagner was behind the letters, which were sent at the same time of the anthrax attacks.	The letters were sent at the same time as the anthrax attack. It's not known who wrote them, and Prosecutors say there's no question Waagner was behind the letters.	1
His plan would cost more than $200 billion annually, which Gephardt would pay for by repealing Bush's tax cuts.	Would Gephardt’s plan cost more than $200 billion annually, which would pay for by repealing Bush's tax cuts.	1
There had been fears that the 35 year-old wouldn't be able to conceive after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus.	After surviving two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus, there were fears for the 35 year-old that he would not be able to conceive.	1
Prosecutors said Paracha, if convicted, could face at least 17 years in prison.	Paracha could face at least 17 years in prison, the prosecution said.	1
More than half of the songs were purchased as albums, Apple said.	Did Apple report that more than half of the songs had been bought as albums?	1
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Halla said in a prepared statement.	The deal is a win-win for both companies and Halla said in a prepared statement.	1
Tyco later said the loan had not been forgiven, and Swartz repaid it in full, with interest, according to his lawyer, Charles Stillman.	After Tyco said the loan had not been forgiven, and Swartz repaid it in full, with interest, according to his lawyer, Charles Stillman.	1
In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47.	In midafternoon trading, the Nasdaq composite index was up 8.34, or 0.5 percent, to 1,790.47. In the prior six months, the market had declined 10.4 percent, but the index had risen 10.6 percent to 12.979, or 3.45 percent.	1
While Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	Während Bolton apparently fell and was immobilized, Selenski used the mattress to scale a 10-foot, razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	1
The loonie, meanwhile, continued to slip in early trading Friday.	The loonie continue to slide in the early trading on Friday.	1
Ms. Haque, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom.	In meanwhile, Ms. Haque, was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom.	1
While a month's supply of aspirin can cost less than $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run significantly more than $100.	If the equivalent amount of ticlopidine is over $100, a month's supply of aspirin should be less than 10 cents.	1
While a month's supply of aspirin can cost less than $10, the equivalent amount of ticlopidine can run significantly more than $100.	Can you buy one month's supply of aspirin for less than $10, but the equivalent amount of ticlopidine is up to $100?	1
She estimated it would take three months and would require cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality.	Apparently it would take three months and would require cancellation of a sub-audit of the Department of Environmental Quality.	1
The virus kills roughly 36,000 people in an average year, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	A virus that kills around 36,000 people each year is not uncommon, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	1
Wim Wenders directed a widely praised film of the same name, based on the sessions.	Wim Wenders directed the highly regarded movie "The Sessions".	1
Miss Novikova said while there is no standard weight for ballerinas, Miss Volochkova is 'bigger than others'.	Miss Novikova said despite some 'gay weight' that 'noone is a ballerina', Miss Volochkova is 'bigger than others'.	1
And if we don't do this, innocent people on the ground are going to die, too."	If we don't, then innocent people on the ground will die. "	1
"It's probably not the easiest time to take over the shuttle program," he added, "but I look forward to the challenge.	Is it the easiest time to take over the shuttle program, but I look forward to the challenge?"	1
As a result, Nelson now faces up to 10 years' jail instead of life.	Would Nelson face up to 10 years in prison instead of life?	1
French Foreign Minister Dominique de Villepin was scheduled to arrive Sharm el-Sheikh on Wednesday.	Dominique de Villepin will arrive in Sharm el-Sheikh on Wednesday.	1
They believe the same is true in humans, giving a 30 per cent higher risk of the disease.	Who says the same for humans: giving a 30% higher risk of the disease.	1
They believe the same is true in humans, giving a 30 per cent higher risk of the disease.	Do they believe that the same is true for humans giving a 30 per cent higher risk of the disease?	1
They are tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery."	And that is why consumers are tired of paying the high cost of CDs and DVDs and prefer more flexible forms of on-demand media delivery. "	1
"The bolt catcher is not as robust as it is supposed to be," the board's chairman, retired Adm. Hal Gehman, said.	Why was the bolt catcher not as robust as it is supposed to be," said the board chairman, retired Adm. Hal Gehman.	1
The pound also made progress against the dollar, reached fresh three-year highs at $1.6789.	How does the pound compare to the dollar and it has returned to a fresh three-year high of $1.6789?	1
The report was found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.	How was the report found Oct. 23, tucked inside an old three-ring binder not related to the investigation.	1
Among Fox viewers, 41 percent describe themselves as Republicans, 24 percent as Democrats and 30 percent as Independents.	Of the Americans who watch Fox News, 41 percent of them describe themselves as Republicans, 24 percent as Democrats and 30 percent as Independents.	1
Muslim immigrants have used the networks - which rely on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail - to send cash to their families overseas.	Islamism migrants use the networks to send cash to their families overseas. They depend on wire transfers, couriers and overnight mail.	1
Also arrested Friday was Claudia Carrizales de Villa, 34, a Mexican citizen who lives in Harlingen.	Who was arrested on Friday is a Mexican citizen, Claudia Carrizales de Villa, 34. She lives in Harlingen.	1
"We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States," Muqtada al Sadr said in a sermon at a mosque.	Muqtada al Sadr: "We condemn the Governing Council headed by the United States", said in a sermon at a mosque.	1
Mrs Boncyk's husband, Wayne, had taken the family car to work, so his wife and children had to ride with neighbours.	Mr. Wayne Boncyk had taken the family car to work, so his wife and children had to ride with neighbours.	1
Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma today cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.	The Ukrainian president cut short a visit to Latin America as a bitter border wrangle between Ukraine and Russia deteriorates further.	1
For the weekend, the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.	If I can remember what happened in the weekend, the top 12 movies grossed $157.1 million, up 52 percent from the same weekend a year earlier.	1
Friday, Stanford (47-15) blanked the Gamecocks 8-0.	In a game played on Friday night, Stanford (47-15) beat the Gamecocks 8-0.	1
"Nobody really knows what happened except me and that guard," Kaye said, "and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen."	Who knows what happened except me and the guard," Kaye said, "and I can assure you that what he said happened didn't happen."	1
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 as of 3:59 p.m.	What's up with the performance of Corixa, which sank 12 cents to $6.88 as of 3:59 p.m. today?	1
At the time federal investigators were looking into how CFSB allocated shares of initial public stock offerings.	When did federal investigators look into how CFSB allocated shares of initial public stock offerings?	1
October heating oil futures settled .85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.	October futures for heating oil.85 cent lower at 69.89 cents a gallon.	1
By 2007, antivirus solutions will carry a worldwide price tag of $4.4 billion--double that of five years earlier.	Antivirus in the US and other countries will cost $4.4 billion - a double that of five years ago.	1
The Securities and Exchange Commission brought a related civil case on Thursday.	In a civil case, the Securities and Exchange Commission tried to bring a similar suit on Thursday.	1
ConAgra stock closed Monday on the New York Stock Exchange at $21.63 a share, down 11 cents.	ConAgra closed at $21.63 a share on the New York Stock Exchange on Monday. The price was down 11 cents.	1
One of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device or lock down the device should a user lose it.	How does it work: you can delete data on a handheld device or lock down the device if it is lost?	1
"I just got carried away and started making stuff," Byrne said.	I got so obsessed with making things, I started making things. "Then I got so obsessed I just started making stuff" Byrne said.	1
Georgia cannot afford to not get funding," said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director.	Georgia can't afford to lose money. They should be protected," said Dr. Melinda Rowe, Chatham County's health director.	1
Based on having at least one of the symptoms, most students had been hung over between three and 11 times in the previous year.	In average, most students were hung over between three and 11 times in the previous year.	1
Teenagers at high schools where condoms were available were no more likely to have sex than other teens, a study published Wednesday finds.	When high school students had condoms they were less likely to have sex than other teens, a study published Wednesday finds.	1
Later in the day, however, a former Intel executive turned the tables in a speech where he blasted wireless as being too complicated and too difficult to install.	In a speech he gave that afternoon, a former Intel executive turned the tables. He then attacked wireless systems as being too complicated to install.	1
They were found in a stolen van, said James Flateau, a spokesman for the state Department of Correctional Services.	I can tell you they were in a stolen van, said James Flateau, a spokesman for the state Department of Correctional Services.	1
He is one of two Democrats on the five-member FCC, and he is a strong advocate of harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.	If a TV station is found to violate the indecency laws, then he is a strong advocate of harsher penalties against the station. He is one of two Democrats on the five-member FCC, and he is a strong advocate of harsher penalties against radio and television stations that violate indecency laws.	1
The March downturn was the only break in what has been broad growth in services for the past 15 months.	What has been broad growth in services for the past 15 months. The March downturn was the only break in what has been broad growth in services.	1
The March downturn was the only break in what has been broad growth in services for the past 15 months.	What has been broad growth in services for the past 15 months. The March downturn was the only break in what has been broad growth in services for the past 15 months.	1
The statistical analysis was published Tuesday in Circulation, a journal of the American Heart Association (news - web sites).	What statistical analysis was published Tuesday in Circulation, a journal of the American Heart Association (news - web sites).	1
President George W. Bush and top administration officials cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for going to war.	Bush Administration cited the threat from Iraq's banned weapons programs as the main justification for war.	1
The epidemic began in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months.	Is it true the epidemic started in November in the mainland's Guangdong province, but the People's Republic of China refused to report truthfully about its spread for four months?	1
"This man gambled with our lives and we, the passengers, lost," said Andres Rivera Jr., who was also on the bus.	When andres Rivera slapped on the bus, "This man gambled with our lives and we, the passengers, lost," he said. "We, the passengers, lost," said Rivera Jr.	1
"This man gambled with our lives and we, the passengers, lost," said Andres Rivera Jr., who was also on the bus.	We lost in this man who gambled with our lives and we, the passengers, lost," said Andres Rivera Jr., who was also on the bus.	1
IG Farben's 500 properties were valued at around 38-million euros (about R300-million) and the firm had debts totalling about 28-million.	Die 500 properties of IGG Farben were valued at about 38-million euros (about R300-million) and the firm had debts totalling around 28-million.	1
The company's operating loss rose 59 percent to $73 million, from $46 million a year earlier.	Is the company's operating loss up 59 percent to $73 million, from $46 million a year earlier?	1
"Smallpox is not the only threat to the public's health, and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness," Strom said.	Is smallpox the only threat to public health, and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness?" Strom said.	1
"Smallpox is not the only threat to the public's health, and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness," Strom said.	Why is smallpox not the only threat to human health, and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness," Strom said.	1
We remain hopeful that the city will agree to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue."	What are our hopes for the city to work with us and engage in good-faith discussions on this issue?	1
Later in the day, a standoff developed between French soldiers and a Hema battlewagon that attempted to pass the UN compound.	After a military strike on the Hema battlewagon, it became clear that French soldiers would not be allowed into the U.N. Headquarters. Later on in the day, a standoff developed between French and Hema battlewagon that attempted to pass the UN compound.	1
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.	Microsoft retreated from the $28.91 open on Thursday to $27.45. Microsoft is down 5 percent.	1
Microsoft fell 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91.	Microsoft Inc. dipped 5 percent before the open to $27.45 from Thursday's close of $28.91. The firm is trading at $27.45.	1
The 39-year-old Luster initially gave police a false name, but later revealed his true identity.	After questioning by police, the 39-year-old man - called Luster - gave false name. He later re-eviderated his true identity.	1
Saddam loyalists have been blamed for sabotaging the nation's infrastructure, as well as frequent attacks on U.S. soldiers.	Saddam supporters have been accused of sabotage of U.S. security, and regularly attacking American soldiers.	1
Saddam loyalists have been blamed for sabotaging the nation's infrastructure, as well as frequent attacks on U.S. soldiers.	Saddam supporters blamed for sabotaging the nation's infrastructure, as well as frequent attacks on U.S. soldiers.	1
"It's a huge black eye," said New York Times Company chairman Arthur Sulzberger.	I've got a huge black eye," said Arthur Sulzberger, chairman of the New York Times Company.	1
Singer Brandy and her husband, Robert Smith, have called it quits.	Singer Brandy Smith and her husband Robert, have called it quits.	1
She told Murray, "We ... we have ... the fresh air is going down fast!"	What does she say to Murray: "We... we have... the fresh air is going down fast!"	1
"The president's campaign in 2000 set a standard for disclosure in political fund raising, and the campaign will again in 2004," Bush campaign spokesman Dan Ronayne said.	After Bush's campaign in 2000, the Bush campaign has moved forward with the proposal of implementing strict disclosure standards of political funds, in what will be the administration's second move in 2004," said spokesman Dan Ronayne.	1
Its closest living relatives are a family frogs called sooglossidae that are found only in the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean.	Is closest living relatives family frogs called sooglossidae that are found only in the Seychelles in the Indian Ocean.	1
Another was in serious condition at Northwest Medical Center in Springdale.	In a serious condition in Northwestern Medical Center in Springdale, another patient was in serious condition.	1
Mr. Bush had sought to store his papers in his father's presidential library, where they would have stayed secret for a half-century.	If Mr. Bush had sought to store his presidential papers in his father's presidential library, his papers would have stayed secret for a half-century.	1
Williams was White, and four of his victims were Black; the fifth was White.	Willy Williams was White, and four of his victims were Black; the fifth was White.	1
Williams was White, and four of his victims were Black; the fifth was White.	How was James W. Williams white, and four of his victims were Black; the fifth was White.	1
Arts helped coach the youth on an eighth-grade football team at Lombardi Middle School in Green Bay.	Arts has coached the eighth-grade football team at Lombardi Middle School in Green Bay.	1
The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.	Affiliation: The flamboyant entrepreneur flagged the plan after a meeting in London with Australian Tourism Minister Joe Hockey.	1
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	Ryan Harvey is an outfielder from Dunedin High School, Florida. He was selected as the Cubs' sixth overall pick.	1
At 8 a.m. Friday, San Joaquin County Sheriff's deputies found the body of Adan Avalos, 37.	San Joaquin County Sheriff's deputies found the body of Adan Avalos, 37, at 8 a.m. Friday. The body was recovered.	1
Technology stocks make up 42 percent of the Nasdaq, which fell 49.95 points, or 2.9 percent, to 1,698.02.	Technology stocks make up 42 percent of the Nasdaq, which fell 49.95 points, or 2.9 percent, to 1,698.02. At the end of last month, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 32 percent to 11,374.58. The Dow has since lost nearly 36%.	1
The bulk of the funds, some $65 billion, will go for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan.	Is the bulk of the $65 billion going to be used for military operations in Iraq and Afghanistan?	1
The new capabilities will provide IBM customers a way to create, publish, manage and archive Web-based content within a corporate intranet, extranet and Internet environment.	What are IBM's new capabilities? They enable a way to create, publish, manage and archive Web-based content within a corporate intranet, extranet and Internet environment. IBM's new capabilities will provide IBM customers with a way to do the work of a corporate intranet, extranet and Internet environment.	1
When you crossed the line, you violated the constitutional right," said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.	What do you mean when you cross the line? You violated the constitutional right, said Charles Weisselberg, a UC Berkeley law professor.	1
A $500 million natural-gas-fired power plant, for example, could replace up to $100 million in boilers yearly without adding new smog controls.	Can a 500 million natural-gas-fired power plant replace up to $100 million in boilers yearly without adding new smog controls?	1
Shares of AstraZeneca AZN.N , Europe's second biggest drugmaker, rose 3.71 percent to close at $43.05 on the New York Stock Exchange.	AstraZeneca shares rose 3.71 percent to close at $43.05 on the New York Stock Exchange. It is the second largest drugmaker in Europe.	1
Gov. Rick Perry has said that while he opposes gambling expansion, he would be reluctant to veto continuation of the Lottery Commission.	Rick Perry said he opposes expansion of the lottery system but he wouldn't veto Lottery Commission.	1
Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.	The Typhoon Maemi weakened considerably over the Sea of Japan, the meteorology department said.	1
Officials developed plans to burn about 2,000 acres of dense forest near the park's southwest border by dropping incendiary devices, hoping to burn off fuel from the wildfire's path.	What's more, officials developed plans to burn about 2,000 acres of dense forest near the park's southwest border by dropping incendiary devices, hoping to burn off fuel from the wildfire's path.	1
"It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short-lived or long-lived," Mr. Sprayregen said.	Will the revenue recovery be short-lived or long-lived, said Mr. Sprayregen.	1
"The SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 percent" growth rate, George Scalise, the trade association's president, said in a statement.	The semiconductor industry of an 8-10 percent growth rate, said George Scalise, the trade association's president, in a statement. "The SIA forecast reflects the new realities of the semiconductor industry of an 8-10 percent" growth rate.	1
Burns believed that confessing a crime he did not commit was the only way out, Richardson said.	Richardson said that burnings believed that confessing to a crime he did not commit was the only way out.	1
Phone calls to Spitzer's office, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned.	Is that true? If there is a phone call to Spitzer's office, Citigroup or Goldman Sachs were not immediately returned?	1
Instead, the high court said that drug makers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.	Instead of ruling that the drug manufacturers did not adequately show why the plan should not take effect, the High Court said that.	1
Instead, the high court said that drug makers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.	Instead of high court saying that drug makers did not adequately show why the plan should be prevented from taking effect.	1
Medical experts said the condition was mildly worrying but easily-manageable.	What do medical experts agree is somewhat concerning, and can be fixed.	1
Medical experts said the condition was mildly worrying but easily-manageable.	What is mildly worrying but easy to manage according to medical experts.	1
The company has expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.	Has the company expanded into providing other services for buyers, including payment services.	1
She was surrounded by about 50 women who regret having abortions.	. A woman who regrets having abortion was standing around her. She was surrounded by about 50 women who regret their abortion.	1
Cooley said he expects Muhammad will similarly be called as a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo.	If Muhammed wants to be a witness at a pretrial hearing for Malvo, he said, he expects Muhammad will also be a witness in the case.	1
Revelations of the expenditures shocked some employees at Delta, an airline that is cutting jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers.	Delta employees are reportedly being shocked by the expenditures. Delta has been accused of cutting jobs as it struggles with increased security costs and fewer passengers.	1
The calculation shows that the number of deaths from pneumonia and influenza have exceeded the usual number for recent weeks.	Calculated number of deaths from pneumonia and influenza has exceeded the usual number for recent weeks.	1
The state, which previously conducted two triple executions and two double executions, says the policy is designed to reduce stress on its prison staff.	What is the policy of the state, which has conducted two triple executions and two double executions, that is designed to reduce stress on its prison staff?	1
The little girl, the daughter of a teller, was taken to the bank after a doctor's appointment.	During a girl's medical appointment she took her to a bank after a doctor's appointment. The teller's daughter was taken to a bank.	1
The little girl, the daughter of a teller, was taken to the bank after a doctor's appointment.	If the little girl is the daughter of a teller, she goes to the bank after a doctor's appointment.	1
At least 23 U.S. troops have been killed by hostile fire since Bush declared major combat in Iraq to be over on May 1.	Since Bush declared the war over Iraq to be over on May 1st, 23 U.S. troops have been killed by hostile fire.	1
Even later in life, he was still cashing in: lately, he earned money by calling fans on the telephone with the service www.HollywoodIsCalling.com.	In his later years, he was still cashing in: lately, he earned money by calling fans on the telephone with the service www.HollywoodIsCalling.com. Even later in his life, he was still cashing in.	1
The transaction will expand Callebaut's sales revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.	The acquisition of Calebaut will increase its revenues from its consumer products business to 45 percent from 23 percent.	1
A sign outside the Peachtree Restaurant reads: "Pray for Eric Rudolph."	For Eric Rudolph, a sign outside Peachtree Restaurant says: "Pray for Eric Rudolph"	1
A sign outside the Peachtree Restaurant reads: "Pray for Eric Rudolph."	In front of the Peachtree restaurant is a sign saying "Pray for Eric Rudolph."	1
Strikingly, the poll saw little difference between women and men in their feelings towards Mrs Clinton.	In the polls, there was little difference between men and women on Hillary Clinton.	1
Strikingly, the poll saw little difference between women and men in their feelings towards Mrs Clinton.	In fact, the poll shows little difference between women and men towards Hillary Clinton.	1
Strikingly, the poll saw little difference between women and men in their feelings towards Mrs Clinton.	In a poll, it was found that there is little difference between men and women regarding Hillary Clinton.	1
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.	Would a 25 percent increase in undergraduate tuition raise fees to $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.	1
A 25 percent increase would raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.	Would a 25 percent increase raise undergraduate tuition to about $5,247 annually, including miscellaneous, campus-based fees.	1
The 20 master computers are located in the United States, Canada and Korea, Mr. Kuo said.	Is the 20 Master Computers located in the United States, Canada and Korea, Mr. Kuo said.	1
They said: “We believe that the time has come for legislation to make public places smoke-free.	"The time has come for legislation to make public places smoke free. "	1
Milwaukee prosecutors charged a church minister with physical abuse in the death of an 8-year-old autistic boy who died during a healing service.	In Milwaukee, a church minister was charged with assault in the death of an 8-year-old autistic boy who died during a healing service.	1
Niels told an interviewer in 1999 he thought the Old Man would outlive him by many years.	Niels told an interviewer in 1999 that he thought the Old Man would be overdue by many years.	1
The new effort, Taxpayers Against the Recall, will be formally launched Wednesday outside a Sacramento fire station.	Taxpayers Against the Recall is the new effort. They will be formally launched Wednesday outside a Sacramento fire station.	1
Furthermore, chest tightness after exercise and prevalence of asthma were both linked to the amount of time spent at the pool.	Other than the exercise, chest tightness and prevalence of asthma were both related to the amount of time spent at the pool.	1
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.	Who will win in a June 8 ceremony on CBS from Radio City Music Hall?	1
Winners will be announced in a June 8 ceremony broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall.	In the June 8th broadcast on CBS from Radio City Music Hall, the winners will be announced.	1
A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the Ten Commandments monument from the building.	The Ten Commandments monument is being removed from the building. A lawsuit has been filed in an attempt to block the removal of the monument.	1
"I started crying and yelling at him, 'What do you mean, what are you saying, why did you lie to me?'"	Why did you lie to me? I started crying and yelling at him.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 2.09 percent, while the Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX leapt 2.23 percent.	What is the breakdown of Dow Jones Industrial Average which leapt 2.09 percent and the Standard and Poor's 500 Index.SPX which leapt 2.23 percent?	1
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.	Only Intel Corporation is lower dividend yield.	1
That truck was spotted in the Campbells Creek area, fitting that description, Morris said.	Was that truck spotted in the Campbells Creek area, fitting that description, Morris said.	1
A pamphlet will be issued to the public through major hardware chains, local libraries and on the EPA Web site: www.epa.gov.	The EPA has issued a pamphlet through major hardware chains, local libraries and on the Web site: www.epa.gov. A Pamphlet will be issued to the public through major hardware chains, local libraries and on the EPA Web site: www.epa.gov.	1
The captain, Michael J. Gansas, was notified yesterday by the city's Department of Transportation that an agency hearing officer recommended that he be fired.	DOT: The captain of the city, Michael J. Gansas, was notified yesterday by the city's Department of Transportation that an agency hearing officer recommended that he be fired.	1
Mr. Yandarbiyev resides in Doha, Qatar, and Russian authorities have unsuccessfully tried to have him extradited for nearly two years.	Yersev resides in Doha, Qatar. Russia has unsuccessfully tried to have him extradited for nearly two years.	1
Clearly Roman creams of any type do not normally survive in the archaeological record.	Roman Creams (replica): The ancient Roman cream (replica) does not normally survive in the archaeological record.	1
"Third . . . we are not allowed to kill women, except those who join the war [against Islam]."	I have been told that the third... we're not allowed to kill any women except those who join the war against Islam"	1
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".	How virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank you!" or "Re: Details."	1
The virus spreads when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank You!" and "Re: Details".	Will the virus spread when unsuspecting computer users open file attachments in emails that contain familiar headings like "Thank you!" and "Re: Details".	1
From California, Bush flies to Japan on Thursday, followed by visits to the Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct. 24.	Von California, Bush flies to Japan on Thursday, followed by visits to the Philippines, Thailand, Singapore, Indonesia and Australia before returning home on Oct. 24.	1
Two Iraqis and two Saudis grabbed shortly after the blast gave information leading to the arrest of the others, said the official.	a 2nd Iraqis and 2nd Saudi grabbed shortly after the blast gave information leading to the arrest of the others, said an official.	1
Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.	What happened? Glover said the killer used a "peculiar slipknot" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims.	1
Her putt for birdie was three feet short but she saved par without difficulty.	If Her putt for birdie was three feet short but she saved par without difficulty.	1
The test was conducted by the University of California at Los Angeles and Riverside and was paid $450,000 from the ARB.	The ARB paid $450,000 to conduct the test at the University of California at Los Angeles and Riverside.	1
Against the Swiss franc CHF= , the dollar was at 1.3172 francs, down 0.60 percent.	Where did the US dollar go against the Swiss franc CHF=, the US dollar was at 1.3172 francs, down 0.60 percent.	1
Against the Swiss franc CHF= , the dollar was at 1.3172 francs, down 0.60 percent.	Currency Exchange Rate: USD 1.3172 against Swiss franc CHF=, down 0.60 percent.	1
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.	Weida won. Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.	1
The name for the robot, due to be launched at 2:05 p.m., was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S. school children.	The robot was selected from among 10,000 names submitted by U.S. school children. It was scheduled to be launched at 2:05 p.m.	1
Doris Brasher, who owns a grocery store near the police station, said many in the close-knit town knew the men who were killed.	Doroth Brasher, who owns a grocery store near the police station, said many in the close-knit town knew the men who were killed.	1
"Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed the operation damaged the state," Mr Berlusconi said.	I believe Crocaxi begged me to intervene because he believed the operation damaged the state," Mr Berlusconi said.	1
"Craxi begged me to intervene because he believed the operation damaged the state," Mr Berlusconi said.	Crocaxi "begged me to intervene because he believed the operation damaged the state", Mr Berlusconi said.	1
Mills affected by Thursdays announcement are sawmills in Grande Cache, Alta., Carrot River, Sask., Chapleau, Ont., and Aberdeen, Wash.	What are the mills affected by the Thursday announcement are sawmills in Grande Cache, Alta., Carrot River, Sask., Chapleau, Ont., and Aberdeen, Wash.	1
The company is highlighting the addition of .NET and J2EE support to its Enterprise Application Environment (EAE) with the new mainframe.	With a new mainframe, it is highlighting.NET and J2EE support for its enterprise application environment (EAE) with the new system.	1
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.	Linda Lingle was in Naval Base. Members of her staff witnessed the launch.	1
Gov. Linda Lingle and members of her staff were at the Navy base and watched the launch.	Linda Lingle and her staff were at the Naval Base and watched the launch.	1
That information was first reported in today's editions of the New York Times.	The story was first reported in the New York Times today.	1
Mr Annan also warned the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress "long-cherished freedoms".	M.K. Annan warned that the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress "long-cherished freedoms".	1
The euro tagged another record high against the dollar on Tuesday as demand for higher-yielding euro-based assets overshadowed solid U.S. economic data.	As demand for higher yielding euro-based assets overshadowed solid U.S. economic data, the euro gained another record high against the dollar on Tuesday., a strong day for the euro.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 17.33 points, or 1.07 percent, to 1,640.13.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC rose 17.33 points, or 1.07 percent, to 1,640.13. As of April 14, the shares of the Indian stock topped 105.49.92.60.15. The stock closed at 1.6045.88. The shares of the German stock were close to the British record high of 127.88.95.	1
The seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.	On the day of the First American Air Attack, the seizure occurred at 4am on March 18, just hours before the attack occurred.	1
The moment of reckoning has arrived for this West African country founded by freed American slaves in the 19th century.	This West African country was founded by freed American slaves in the 19th century. At this time, the moment of reckoning has arrived for this West African country.	1
At community colleges, tuition will jump to $2,800 from $2,500.	Community Colleges: tuition will jump to $2,800 from $2,500. At community colleges, tuition will be higher.	1
The Hulk weekend take surpasses the previous June record of $54.9-million for Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me.	If the Hulk is in Hollywood on the weekend, then it will be worth it. Its release date is 10/31/2016. It has already exceeded the previous June record of $54.9 million for Austin Powers: The Spy Who Shagged Me.	1
The time was about 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.	What was the time around 4 a.m. on March 18 just hours before the first pinpoint missiles rained down on the capital.	1
Its attackers had to fire their rockets from hundreds of yards away, with a makeshift launcher hidden in a portable electric generator.	They launched their rockets from hundreds of yards away. They had a makeshift launcher hidden in a portable electric generator.	1
Its attackers had to fire their rockets from hundreds of yards away, with a makeshift launcher hidden in a portable electric generator.	Is the attackers allowed to fire rockets from hundreds of yards away, with a makeshift launcher hidden in a portable electric generator.	1
"Deviant cannibalistic tendencies" were the primary motivation for the murders, and Brown's body was mutilated, authorities said.	Do you think Deviant cannibalistic tendencies were the primary motivation for the murders, and Brown's body was mutilated, authorities said.	1
Bush wanted "to see an aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing," White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday.	White House press secretary Ari Fleischer said yesterday that the Bush administration wants to see aircraft landing the same way that the pilots saw an aircraft landing."	1
On Monday the Palestinian Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, will report to the Palestinian parliament on his Government's achievements in its first 100 days in office.	On Monday the Palestinian Prime Minister, Mahmoud Abbas, will report to the Parliament. His Government's achievements in the first 100 days of office.	1
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month -- slipping to 6.1 percent -- even as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.	The civilian unemployment rate in the U.S. fell to 6.1 percent. It came as employers cut their payrolls by 93,000.	1
Other data showed that buyers snapped up new and existing homes at a brisk pace in April, spurred by low mortgage rates.	In other cities, the number of buyers snapped up new and existing properties increased substantially in April. This was in line with falling mortgage rates.	1
But Close wondered whether the package would be worth the cost of licensing the third-party software, along with Salesforce.com's rental price.	Close wondered whether the third-party software was worth the cost of licensing for Salesforce.com's rental price.	1
That's the highest third-quarter growth rate we've seen in over 25 years," said Andy Bryant, Intel's chief financial officer.	What is the highest third quarter growth rate in the past 25 years, according to Andy Bryant, Chief Financial Officer of Intel.	1
"This sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure," Multifoods chairman and chief executive officer Gary Costley said.	The sale is part of our efforts to simplify our Foodservice Products business and improve its cost structure, said Gary Costley, chairman and chief executive officer of Multifoods.	1
Three-year-old Jaryd Atadero vanished on Oct. 2, 1999 while on a hiking trip with a church group.	Jaryd Atadero, 3, disappeared on Oct. 2, 1999 while on a hiking trip with a church group.	1
A DOD team is working to determine how hackers gained access to the system and what needs to be done to fix the breach.	What can a DOD team do to investigate how hackers got into the system and what can be done to solve the breach?	1
Parrado's aunt believes her nephew, who has served a prison sentence in Cuba, will be persecuted if he is repatriated.	Pario Parrado's aunt believes her nephew will be persecuted if he is repatriated. Parrado has served a prison sentence in Cuba.	1
Parrado's aunt believes her nephew, who has served a prison sentence in Cuba, will be persecuted if he is repatriated.	.Parrado's aunt believes her nephew will be persecuted if he is repatriated. He is in prison in Cuba.	1
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," Mr. Graham said.	Why does Bush choose to settle old scores instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats – international terrorism – Mr. Graham said.	1
Microsoft is preparing to alter its Internet Explorer browser, following a patent verdict that went against the company, Microsoft said Friday.	Microsoft preparing to alter Internet Explorer Browser, after a patent verdict that went against the company, Microsoft said Friday.	1
"It's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM," she said.	IBM is routinely challenging its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM." (p.16)	1
SARS has killed about 800 people and affected more than 8400 since being detected in China in November.	Has SARS killed about 800 people and affected more than 8400 since being detected in China in November.	1
The Infineon case began in August 2000, when Rambus accused Infineon of patent infringement and Infineon counter-sued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud.	Infineon's patent infringed Rambus's rights in August 2000, while Infineon sued Rambus for breach of contract and fraud. The Infineon case proceeded in September 2000.	1
Low-income earners would pay a 5 percent tax on both types of investment income.	Would low-income earners pay a 5 percent tax on both types of investment income.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 5.53 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,662.91.	What's more, the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC was off 5.53 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,662.91.	1
Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson and companion Fran Walsh arrive at the 74th Annual Academy Awards.	Peter Jackson and Fran Walsh attend the 74th Academy Awards.	1
Lord of the Rings director Peter Jackson and companion Fran Walsh arrive at the 74th Annual Academy Awards.	Peter Jackson and Fran Walsh on hand at the 74th Annual Academy Awards.	1
Hynix CEO E.J. Woo condemned the decision calling the ruling an "outrageous act aimed at a hidden agenda."	Hynix CEO E.J. Woo called the decision an "outrageous act aimed at a hidden agenda."	1
Hynix CEO E.J. Woo condemned the decision calling the ruling an "outrageous act aimed at a hidden agenda."	Hynix CEO E.J. Woo called the decision "outrageous act aimed at a hidden agenda."	1
Authorities had no evidence to suggest the two incidents were connected.	They had no evidence of any connection between the two incidents.	1
Authorities had no evidence to suggest the two incidents were connected.	The two incidents are not related. There is no conclusive evidence of their connection.	1
Authorities had no evidence to suggest the two incidents were connected.	Since there was no obvious connection between the two incidents, there was no proof the two incidents were connected.	1
Authorities had no evidence to suggest the two incidents were connected.	There was no evidence that ties the two incidents.	1
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001, saying the trial had been sloppily conducted.	"In its entirety, the fda rejected ImClone's original application in December 2001 saying the trial had been sloppily conducted."	1
Massachusetts Attorney General Tom Reilly said he was satisfied with the reimbursement.	Tom Reilly is the attorney general for the Commonwealth of Massachusetts and is happy with the reimbursement.	1
AutoAdvice is available as a one-year subscription at $400 per CPU, scaling from one to 50,000 CPUs.	Is AutoAdvice available for a one-year subscription at $400 per CPU, scaling from one to 50k CPUs?	1
Moore had no immediate comment Tuesday.	Moore didn't answer to a question on Tuesday.	1
"Fewer than 10" FBI offices have conducted investigations involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.	FBI Offices: Fewer than 10 FBI Offices are conducting investigation involving visits to mosques, the Justice Department said.	1
Moore of Alabama says he will appeal his case to the nation's highest court.	If Moore of Alabama wants to appeal his case to the nation's highest court, he says he will appeal.	1
One question was whether France, which infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for the war, would vote "Yes" or abstain.	Is France infuriated Washington by leading the charge against U.N. authorization for war, which "will vote yes" or abstain" or both?	1
"Jeremy's a good guy," Barber said, adding: "Jeremy is living the dream life of the New York athlete.	"Jeremy is a good guy," Barber said. "Jeremy's dream is the life of New York athlete.	1
Ratliff's daughters, Margaret and Martha Ratliff, were adopted by Peterson after their mother's death.	Margaret and Martha Ratliff were adopted by Peterson after their mother's death.	1
Ratliff's daughters, Margaret and Martha Ratliff, were adopted by Peterson after their mother's death.	Margaret Ratliff and Martha Ratliff were adopted by Peterson after their mother's death.	1
Money from Iraqi oil sales will go into that fund which will be controlled by the United States and Britain and used to rebuild the country.	Oil proceeds from Iraq will go towards Iraq’s reconstruction fund which will be managed by the United States and Britain.	1
He has also served on the president's Homeland Security Advisory Council.	He has also served as the President's Homeland Security Advisory Council (HSAC).	1
Altria shares fell 2.2 percent or 96 cents to $42.72 and were the Dow's biggest percentage loser.	Shares of NYSE:ATRIA fell 2.2 percent or 96 cents to $42.72 and were the Dow's biggest percentage loser.	1
Altria shares fell 2.2 percent or 96 cents to $42.72 and were the Dow's biggest percentage loser.	Alltria stocks fell 2.2 percent or 96 cents to $42.72 and were the Dow's biggest percentage loser.	1
"And if there is a leak out of my administration," he added, "I want to know who it is.	What if the leak came out of the Administration and I want to know who the leak is," he said.	1
"And if there is a leak out of my administration," he added, "I want to know who it is.	If there was a leak out of my administration, "I want to know who it is."	1
After losing as much as 84.56 earlier, the Dow Jones industrial average closed up 22.81, or 0.2 percent, at 9,340.45.	After losing as much as 84.56 earlier, the Dow Jones industrial average closed up 22.81, or 0.2 percent, at 9,340.45. The Dow is a trading unit.	1
Mascia-Frye works in the state development office.	Mascia-Frye is in the state development office. She works in the state development office.	1
Representatives for Puretunes could not immediately be reached for comment Wednesday.	Puretunes was unavailable for comment Wednesday.	1
A key to that effort was the company's introduction of a 10-year, 100,000-mile warranty, meant to reassure buyers that they could trust the Korean company.	The company's announcement of a new 10 year, 100,000 mile warranty, meant to reassure buyers that they could trust the Korean company.	1
The word Advent, from Latin, means "the coming."	For you the word Advent is coming..from Latin.	1
The companies said "it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence."	What companies said "it was not our intention to target or offend any group or persons or to incite hatred or violence".	1
Another brother, Ali Imron, was sentenced to life in prison after cooperating with investigators and showing remorse.	Also, Ali Imron's brother, was sentenced to life in prison for cooperate with police and showing remorse for his actions.	1
Most times, wholesalers sold the questionable drugs to one of three huge national distributors that supply virtually all drugs in the country.	The questionable drugs are mostly sold to a distributor of three huge national distributors that supply virtually all drugs in the country.	1
Rumsfeld, who has been feuding for two years with Army leadership, passed over nine active-duty four-star generals.	Richard R. Rumsfeld has been feuding for two years with Army leadership, passed over nine active-duty four-star generals.	1
He said it was not possible to rule out that the chemical was a cancer risk to humans.	How he said he is not sure whether the chemical is a cancer risk to humans or not.	1
Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk said his office received the recordings this week.	GALVETON COUNTY D.A. Kurt Sistrunk said he received the recordings this week.	1
In early afternoon trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 7.58, or 0.1 percent, at 9,381.79.	In early afternoon trading, the Dow Jones industrial average was up 7.58, or 0.1 percent, at 9,381.79. In September, the Dow slipped 8.71 percent to 7,961,526.47, a week before the day that the Dow Jones was up 10.93%. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is now trading 1.4 percent higher at 9,291.58.	1
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.	As Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will stop its aid unless Suu Kyi is freed, a U.N. envoy says. Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.	1
Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.	As Japan adds to international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed, Kyi is a U.N. envoy says. Kyi, a U.N. envoy says, as Japan adds to growing international pressure by saying it will halt its hefty economic aid unless Suu Kyi is freed.	1
The decision could also prove useful in the "war on terrorism".	Would the decision be of some benefit in the war against terrorism?	1
The decision could also prove useful in the "war on terrorism".	Besides being helpful in the war against terrorism, the decision was also helpful in the fight against terrorism.	1
Currently, the state's congressional delegation is made up of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.	What is the state's congressional delegation currently made up of: 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans	1
In the first stage of the attack, the Lovsan worm began fouling computers around the world.	At the time of the Lovsan worm's attack, it started attacking computers around the world.	1
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.	Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman said the U.S. will send a technical team to Canada to help.	1
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman, who announced Tuesdays ban, also said Washington would send a technical team to Canada to help.	Ann Veneman, the U.S. agriculture secretary, said Tuesdays ban will also send a technical team to Canada to help.	1
Only 29 families of frogs are known and most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.	I only know 29 families of frogs. Most were identified and described in the mid-1800s and the last in 1926.	1
The survey that found it covered only a narrow slice of the sky.	To put it simply, the survey that found it covered only a small fragment of the sky.	1
However, the standards body warns that changes to Internet Explorer may affect a "large number" of existing Web sites.	From an online perspective, standards body i.e. IE, warns that changes may affect a large number of existing web sites.	1
Likewise, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid 23/32 for a yield of 4.34 percent, up from 4.30 percent.	While the 30-year bond US30YT=RR was in the low 20s, the yield on the bond was 4.34 percent, and the yield was up from 4.30 percent.	1
China has threatened to execute or jail for life anyone who breaks their quarantine and intentionally spreads the killer SARS virus.	China threatens to hang anyone for having crossed its quarantine and deliberately spread the deadly SARS virus.	1
China has threatened to execute or jail for life anyone who breaks their quarantine and intentionally spreads the killer SARS virus.	China has threatened to throw anyone who intentionally spreads the SARS virus in Asia for a month. If you break your quarantine, you can face death.	1
Earlier, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom.	As Bashir walked to his seat in the tightly guarded courtroom, they had defied a police order and cried "Allahu Akbar" (God is Greatest) as Bashir walked to his seat.	1
The fighting around Bunia began after neighboring Uganda completed the withdrawal of its more than 6,000 soldiers from the town.	What began with the fighting around Bunia after neighboring Uganda pulled its more than 6,000 troops from the town.	1
An officer in the People's Liberation Army selected from a pool of 14, Lt-Col Yang is the son of a teacher and an official at an agricultural firm.	In the People's Liberation Army, Lt.Col. Yang is a son of a teacher and an official at an agricultural firm. He had been selected from a pool of 14.	1
His decision means that the case against Gary Lee Sampson, including the capital charges against him, will be tried in September.	In the case against Gary Lee Sampson, a judge has ruled that he will not be tried until September. The capital charges are pending.	1
Meanwhile, rival contender, General Electric's NBC, submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said.	What's more, rival contender General Electric's NBC submitted a letter of interest, a source familiar with the matter said.	1
Freeman's civil hearing may be, on the surface, about a driver's license.	Is Freeman's civil hearing about driver's license a matter for Freeman?	1
"This deal makes sense for both companies," Brian Halla, National's chief executive, said in a statement.	What is this deal, Brian Halla, National's chief executive, said in a statement. "This deal makes sense for both companies," he said.	1
He has no immediate plans for television advertising, believing it is unnecessary this early.	Has no immediate plans for television advertising, believing it is unnecessary this early.	1
He has no immediate plans for television advertising, believing it is unnecessary this early.	No immediate plans for TV advertising, believing it is unnecessary this early.	1
"I think it happened very quickly," Houston Police Department homicide investigator Phil Yochum said of the crime.	"I think it happened very quickly," said Houston police homicide investigator Phil Yochum of the crime.	1
The Senate Armed Services Committee will hold a separate hearing Thursday.	Senators: A separate hearing for the Senate Armed Services Committee is scheduled for Thursday.	1
United issued a statement saying it will "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."	Unions of America issued a statement saying it will "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."	1
United issued a statement saying it will "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."	U.S. Unified said it would "work professionally and cooperatively with all its unions."	1
Beckham will receive a yearly salary of $10 million plus bonuses, earning him about $220,000 a game.	Beckham will get a yearly salary of 10 million plus bonuses, earning about $220,000 a game. (Except salary)	1
This week's tour will take Bush to Senegal, South Africa, Botswana, Uganda and Nigeria, and is aimed at softening his warrior image at home and abroad.	What's with Bush this week on tour of Senegal, South Africa, Botswana, Uganda and Nigeria, and it's aimed at softening his warrior image at home and abroad?	1
It said the operation, which began on Monday, was part of "the continued effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists, paramilitary groups and other subversive elements."	What's more, the Baath Party says the operation started on Monday. It said it was part of "the ongoing effort to eradicate Baath Party loyalists, paramilitary groups and other subversive elements."	1
NBC probably will end the season as the second most popular network behind CBS, although it's first among the key 18-to- 49-year-old demographic.	The second popular network on the market behind CBS is NBC, although it's popular among the key 18-to-49-year-old demographics. That is, maybe, for the final season.	1
"But they never climb out of the pot of beer again."	They never climb out of the beer pot.	1
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.	In the New York Stock Exchange, advancers outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5.	1
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.	Advancing Issues Outnumbered Dozers about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.	At the New York Stock Exchange, advancers outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5.	1
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5 on the New York Stock Exchange.	On the New York Stock Exchange, advancers outnumbered decliners about 8 to 5.	1
Bryant surrendered to authorities on Friday and posted a $25,000 bond.	Bryant posted $25,000 bond in the case. He was arrested on Friday.	1
Roberson was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg, according to her mother, Shamika Woumnm of Dorchester.	Is it true that Roberson was bitten on the back and scratched on the leg according to her mother, Shamika Woumnm, of Dorchester?	1
He says information released about a tarot card left at one shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communications with the sniper.	Is it possible that the information about the tarot card left at one shooting scene may have prolonged the spree by cutting off fragile communication with the sniper?	1
It was the 23-9 Yankees' third straight defeat - their longest skid of the season.	The Yankees lost 23-9 in their last three games, their longest skid of the season.	1
The report released Monday simply says, This report does not attempt to address the complexities of this issue.	In the report released Monday, simply says, This report does not attempt to address the complexities of this issue.	1
History will remember the University of Washington's Dr. Belding Scribner as the man who has saved more than a million lives by making long-term kidney dialysis possible.	The University of Washington's Dr. Belding Scribner is the man who saved more than a million lives by making long-term kidney dialysis possible.	1
But he will meet the French President, Jacques Chirac, privately.	So, the French president Jacques Chirac will meet the French President privately.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646.	The Nasdaq Composite Index dipped 0.08 of a point to 1,646. The index is mainly concerned with tech.	1
The hearing came one day after the Pentagon for the first time singled out an officer, Dallager, for failing to address the scandal.	A hearing was held on Thursday, after the Pentagon singled out Dallager for the first time for not having addressed the scandal.	1
Robert Liscouski, the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection, will oversee NCSD.	Robert Liscouski will manage NCSD. He will be the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection.	1
Robert Liscouski, the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection, will oversee NCSD.	Robert Liscouski will be the Assistant Secretary of Homeland Security for Infrastructure Protection (NASP) and will manage NCSD.	1
She concludes that what her husband did was morally wrong but not a betrayal of the public.	What does she conclude that her husband did was morally wrong but not a betrayal of the public.	1
The exam contains four sections and tests a students knowledge of algebra and geometry as well as probability and statistics.	In the exam a student is asked to complete the four sections: algebra and geometry, probability and statistics.	1
Top U.S. executives are feeling increasingly sunny about business conditions and corporate profits, according to a survey released Monday.	Are top U.S. executives feeling increasingly sunny about business conditions and corporate profits, according to a survey released Monday.	1
Taylor's aides warn an abrupt departure could trigger more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.	What can Taylor's aides say is an abrupt departure will cause more chaos, a view shared by many in Liberia and, in private, even by mediators.	1
HP's shipments increased 48 percent year-over-year, compared to an increase of 31 percent for Dell.	HP shipments increased 48 percent year-over-year, compared to an increase of 31 percent for HP. Dell, Inc.	1
Country-music station KKCS has suspended two disc jockeys for playing songs by the Dixie Chicks in violation of a ban imposed after one group member criticized President George Bush.	KKCS is suspending two country music MCs after one member of the Dixie Chicks is criticized by the president. The DJ and the host are not on the station, the ban is against the record and they will not be able to play their songs in any format.	1
Their difference was over whether the court should pay attention to legal opinions of other world courts, such as the European Court of Human Rights.	What was their difference, over whether the court should pay attention to legal opinions of other world courts, such as the European Court of Human Rights.	1
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.	Knight Ridder has signed with Overture. It's also a strategic win for Overture. It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option to sign on Google's services.	1
It's also a strategic win for Overture, given that Knight Ridder had the option of signing on Google's services.	At a minimum, Knight Ridder has signed for Google. And that's strategic for Overture.	1
Lewis said that the third-quarter results were driven by deposit and loan growth, strong investment banking and trading results, and improved mortgage and card revenues.	What is the third quarter financial performance for Lewis said: deposits, loan growth, strong investment banking and trading results, improved mortgage and card revenues.	1
They were not supplied or given to us but unearthed by our reporter, David Blair, in the Foreign Ministry in Baghdad."	We did not receive any of these materials but our reporter, David Blair, unearthed them in the Foreign Ministry in Baghdad.	1
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions, but President Bill Clinton vetoed them.	Since Congress passed similar restrictions twice before, President Bill Clinton has vetoed them.	1
The verbal flareup with Keating stemmed from Cardinal Mahony's initial refusal to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed.	What was causing the verbal flareup with Keating stemmed from Cardinal Mahony's refusal to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed.	1
The verbal flareup with Keating stemmed from Cardinal Mahony's initial refusal to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed.	What caused the verbal flareup at Keating stemmed from Cardinal Mahony's refusal to participate in that survey unless procedures were changed.	1
"In relation to the second paper, one part of that should have been sourced to a reference work.	I think the second paper should have been linked to a reference work.	1
The court then stayed that injunction, pending an appeal by the Canadian company.	The Canadian firm appealed the decision, but the judge stayed that injunction.	1
He was eventually taken to London's Hammersmith hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock.	Was he taken to London's Hammersmith Hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock.	1
He was eventually taken to London's Hammersmith hospital, where doctors regulated Blair's heart beat via electric shock.	Tony Blair was taken to Hammersmith Hospital in London, where doctors regulated his heart beat via electric shock.	1
Under the legislation, a physician who performs the procedure could face up to two years in prison.	Under the new law, a doctor could face up to two years in prison if he/she performs the procedure.	1
Chirac, who can pardon a law-breaker, refused Humbert's request last year but kept in close touch with the family.	If Chirac can pardon a law-breaker, he refused Humbert's request last year but kept in close touch with the family.	1
The charges allege that he was part of the conspiracy to kill and kidnap persons in a foreign country.	In this way, he is charged with conspiracy to kill and kidnap persons in a foreign country.	1
The charges allege that he was part of the conspiracy to kill and kidnap persons in a foreign country.	He is charged with conspiracy to kidnap and kill a person in a foreign country.	1
The second company, temporarily dubbed ``InternationalCo.'', includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.	International Co.'', the second company, temporarily dubbed InternationalCo.'', includes 19 international power and pipeline holdings.	1
The draft of the report was forthright: "Climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment."	"Climate change has global consequences for human health and the environment," the draft of the report read.	1
Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq.	Is it possible to send civil reservists overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq?	1
Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq.	Can Civilian Reserves be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq?	1
Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq.	Can civil reservists be sent overseas for a job such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan or Iraq?	1
Civilian reservists also could be sent overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq.	What if you send civil reservists overseas for jobs such as the reconstruction of Afghanistan and Iraq?	1
Mr. Clinton's national security adviser, Sandy Berger, said that the White House wasn't informed of the FBI activities.	Sandy Berger, the Clinton National Security Advisor, said the White House wasn't informed of the FBI's investigations.	1
Like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to 27 December were flat, while the gross margin fell by 2 percentage points, the company said.	What were like-for-like sales for the 17 weeks to 27 December was flat, while the gross margin fell by 2 percentage points, the company said.	1
"What this allows us to do is have a crossover that is much more fuel efficient and aimed at young families."	How can I do a crossover that is more fuel efficient and aimed at young families?"	1
The goal will be to reduce congestion by upgrading road, building tollways, facilitating public transit or any other means to improve mobility.	How do we reduce congestion on roads by construction of tollways, improving public transit or any other means to improve mobility.	1
SCO has also alleged that the generic Linux kernel contains code which is from its Unix property.	The Linux kernel is of generic kind. So SCO argues that the resulting kernel code is Unix.	1
But Amrozi did not reveal and was not asked the company's or his boss's name.	Amrozi took no disclosures and was not asked for his boss' name. He did not share it or answer any questions.	1
The rest said they belonged to another party or had no affiliation.	They said they were from another party and none affiliated to them. Others said they belong to another party or had no affiliation.	1
The House and Senate are expected to vote on the omnibus bill in the next two months.	If the Omnibus Bill passes, it will be considered by both the House and Senate in the next two months.	1
She said six were from Douglas County, the southwestern Oregon county that includes Roseburg, and two were from the Portland area.	Six people are from Douglas County, the southwestern Oregon county that includes Roseburg and two are from the Portland area.	1
She said six were from Douglas County, the southwestern Oregon county that includes Roseburg, and two were from the Portland area.	Six were from Douglas County, the southwestern Oregon county that includes Roseburg, and two were from Portland.	1
Prosecutors allege that Nichols and co-conspirator Timothy McVeigh worked together to prepare a bomb that destroyed the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building.	Nichols and Timothy McVeigh were accused of plotting to blow up the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building.	1
"The law has several weaknesses which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses," Ashcroft said.	What are some weaknesses in the law which terrorists could exploit, undermining our defenses?" Ashcroft said.	1
"Canada is a small country, and it needs companies like this, deals like this."	As I said earlier, Canada is a small country. It needs companies like this, deals like this.	1
The winner of the Williams-Mauresmo match will play the winner of Justine Henin-Hardenne vs. Chanda Rubin.	Will the winner of the Williams-Mauresmo match play the winner of Justine Henin-Hardenne vs. Chanda Rubin?	1
"By its actions, the Bush administration threatens to give a bad name to a just war," the Connecticut Democrat told a Capitol Hill news conference.	Bush administration "endangering to give a bad name to a just war", the Connecticut Democrat said in a Capitol Hill news conference.	1
I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law."	I urge Congress to quickly resolve any differences and send me the final bill as soon as possible so that I can sign it into law. "What is your opinion on this bill?	1
Reuters reported Braun ended June with $22,126 in the bank, according to her FEC report, and the Rev. Al Sharpton reported $12,061 in the bank.	The Rev. Al Sharpton reported $12,061 in the bank for June, Reuters reported Braun ended June with $22,126 in the bank, according to her FEC report.	1
After learning she would no longer get an experimental drug that treated her severe peanut allergy, Allison Smith reacted with panic.	After learning no longer needed to get experimental drug that treated her severe peanut allergy, Allison Smith immediately acted panicking.	1
Using bookmarks and back and forth buttons - we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser," he told an industry audience in London yesterday.	"Being a browser, using bookmarks and back and forth buttons - we had about eighteen different things we had in mind for the browser," he told an industry audience in London yesterday.	1
Against the dollar, the euro rose as high as $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in morning trade before standing at $1.1518/23 at 0215 GMT.	In the morning forex trading, euro climbed to $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- before rising to $1.1518/23 at 0215 GMT.	1
Three American warships are off the Liberian coast carrying a total of 2,300 marines.	The United States are deploying three warships to the Liberian coast carrying a total of 2,300 Marines. The US army has been able to send about 2,300 Marines to the coast.	1
Those involved were allegedly told to never speak of the incident again, according to the letter.	In a letter, the accused were told to never speak about the incident again.	1
"Removing the waiver means nothing when Oracle still has pending litigation in Delaware that opposes the PeopleSoft/J.D. Edwards transaction," PeopleSoft responded.	In the Oracle case, the waiver doesn't apply, since Oracle pending litigation in Delaware against J.D. Edwards. "Removing the waiver means nothing as Oracle still has pending litigation in Delaware that opposes the PeopleSoft/J.D. Edwards transaction," PeopleSoft said.	1
Treatment guidelines, many written by medical-specialty organizations, recommend approaches to many ailments, such as painkillers and exercise for arthritis.	Many medical-specialty organizations, prescribe various approaches to many ailments, such as painkillers and exercise for arthritis.	1
After three months, Atkins dieters had lost an average of 14.7 pounds compared with 5.8 pounds in the conventional group.	After 3 months of eating diet, Atkins dieters had lost 14.7 pounds compared with 5.8 pounds in the conventional group.	1
Secretary of State Colin Powell designated the Chechen leader believed responsible for last year's hostage standoff in a Moscow theater as a threat to U.S. security Friday.	Colin Powell on Friday declared the Chechen leader responsible for the past year's hostage standoff in a Moscow theater as a threat to U.S. security.	1
None of Deans opponents picked him as someone to party with, nor was Dean asked that question.	There were no calls from Deans opponents that asked for him to be party with and didn't ask for him to be party with.	1
None of Deans opponents picked him as someone to party with, nor was Dean asked that question.	Dean didn't appear to be considered an entrant in any party nor was he asked to party with him.	1
"Today, we are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."	President Putin: "We are trying to convey this problem to Russian President Vladimir Putin and US President George W Bush."	1
In a statement, the Redmond, Wash., company said that it was acquiring the "intellectual property and technology assets" of GeCAD.	Redmond, Wash., company said it was acquiring the "intellectual property and technology assets" of GeCAD.	1
That would be a potential setback to Chief Executive Phil Condit's strategy of bolstering defense-related sales during a slump in jetliner deliveries.	Would a potential setback to Chief Executive Phil Condit's strategy of bolstering defense-related sales during a slump in jetliner deliveries.	1
The horrific nature of the attacks is often fueled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region.	What causes the horrific nature of the attacks is often fueled by tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region.	1
The horrific nature of the attacks is often fueled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region.	What drives the horrific nature of these attacks is often fueled by a mix of tribal hatred and a desire to spread terror in the region.	1
The horrific nature of the attacks is often fueled by a mix of tribal hatreds and a desire to spread terror in the region.	Often tribal hatred is a factor in the attacks and the plot is to spread terror in the region. It is also the reason of the tribal hatred.	1
The Ireland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed his release.	Irland Palestine Solidarity Campaign, of which Mr O Muireagáin was a member, welcomed Mr O Muireagáin's release.	1
In that same time, the S&P and the Nasdaq have gained about 3.5 percent.	Is it true that S&P and Nasdaq stocks have gained about 3.5 percent in the same time?	1
On Monday, U.S. Army Pfc. Jessica Lynch was awarded the Bronze Star, Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center.	Pfc. Jessica Lynch received the Bronze Star, Purple Heart and Prisoner of War medals at Walter Reed Army Medical Center on Monday.	1
He urged member states that contribute police and soldiers to U.N. peacekeeping operations to provide more women.	Should member states provide more soldiers and police in UN peacekeeping operations so that they have more women.	1
Other changes in the plan refine his original vision, Libeskind said.	He also said the changes in the plan refining the original vision, Libeskind said.	1
The new contract extends the guarantee that his annual pay and bonus will be at least $2.4 million a year.	Is the new contract extend the guarantee that his annual pay and bonus will be at least $2.4 million a year?	1
A rebel who was captured said more than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack.	More than 2,000 insurgents were involved in the attack, a rebel who was captured said.	1
Aside from meeting Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao on the sidelines of the Forum, Mr Goh also met Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf and Tajikistan President Emomali Sharipovich Rakhmonov.	On the sidelines of the Forum, Mr Goh met the Chinese Prime Minister Wen Jiabao. Mr Goh also met Pakistani President Pervez Musharraf and Tajikistan President Emomali Sharipovich Rakhmonov.	1
Cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.	How cortisol levels in the saliva of day care children were highest and rose most steeply in those judged by day care center personnel to be the shyest.	1
"The idea that Tony Abbott is in some way a one-dimensional political head-kicker couldn't be more wrong," Mr Howard said.	Tony Abbott is a politician, Mr David Howard said, but the speculation that he is a one-dimensional political jerk isn't real.	1
On a planet that takes nearly 165 years to orbit the sun, spring can last more than 40 years.	If a planet takes 165 years to orbit the sun, a spring can last more than 40 years.	1
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.	In biotechnology, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing, Fraley said, adding that 18 countries have adopted biotechnology.	1
Crossing Jordan will be back in January after star Jill Hennessy gives birth.	Crossing Jordan is coming back in January after the birth of Jill Hennessy.	1
A member of the chart-topping collective So Solid Crew dumped a loaded pistol in an alleyway as he fled from police, a court heard yesterday.	AFTER DATES: A member of the chart-topping collective So Solid Crew dumped a loaded pistol in an alleyway as he fled from police, a court heard yesterday.	1
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.	The Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 passed to Syndia.	1
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.	The Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership passed through in 2001 to Syndia.	1
They passed through the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership in 2001 to Syndia.	When the Lemelson Medical, Educational and Research Foundation Limited Partnership was formed in 2001, they passed through to Syndia.	1
We believe them to be without merit, and will defend ourselves vigorously.	We believe that these are not worthy arguments, and will defend ourselves vigorously.	1
We believe them to be without merit, and will defend ourselves vigorously.	"We believe that they are no merit", and will defend ourselves vigorously.	1
The Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller company stocks, was up 1.02, or 0.21 percent, at 496.83.	Is Russell 2000 index, which tracks smaller company stocks, up 1.02, or 0.21 percent, at 496.83?	1
The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns, a decided advantage for millionaires like Mr. Schwarzenegger and Mr. Ueberroth, both Republican candidates.	Do you believe the Law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns, a decided advantage for millionaires like Mr. Schwarzenegger and Mr. Ueberroth, both Republican candidates?	1
Dixon put his style on display Sunday afternoon in winning the Honda Indy 225 at Pikes Peak International Raceway.	If you have a great day at the races and are interested in racing, please do not hesitate to give Vince Dixon a try. He won the Honda Indy 225 Sunday afternoon in Pikes Peak International Raceway.	1
Among the most recent additions to the list, which to date includes more than 360 groups and individuals, is Zelimkhan Yandarbiev, the former president of Chechnya.	Zelimkhan Yandarbiev was the former president of Chechnya. Among the latest additions to the list, which to date includes more than 360 groups and individuals.	1
Second quarter sales came in at $645 million, up from $600 million the year before, AMD said.	Avg second quarter sales came in at $645 million, up from $600 million the year before, according to AMD.	1
The other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury, Aaron said.	What were the other 18 people inside the building - two visitors and 16 employees - including Harrison's ex-girlfriend - escaped without injury, Aaron said.	1
Southwest exercised nine 2004 options and six 2005 options, which were accelerated for delivery next year.	Southwest purchased nine options in 2004 and six options in 2005, and the other two were accelerated for delivery next year.	1
Professor Hermon-Taylor adds, An unexpected finding of the research showed that patients suffering with Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) were also infected with the MAP bug.	The MAP bug was found in the patients suffering from Irritable Bowel Syndrome (IBS) and infected with it. Professor Hermon-Taylor adds, An unexpected finding of the research showed that the patients suffering from IBS were also infected with MAP.	1
Preliminary reports were that the men were not seen together at the airport, sources said.	"The men weren't seen together at the airport," sources said.	1
Details of the research appear in the Nov. 5 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.	What are the details of the research in the Nov. 5 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.	Today, the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index (NIXIC) tacked on 5.91 points, or 0.29 percent, to 2,053.27.	1
United Airlines plans to become the first domestic airline to offer e-mail on all its domestic flights by the end of the year, the company announced yesterday.	If United Airlines is to become the first airline to offer e-mail on all domestic flights by the end of this year, the company announced yesterday.	1
Sweeney said he would formally announce the formation of the new union on Wednesday in Detroit.	The new union comes after Sweeney announced the formation of the new union on Wednesday in Detroit.	1
Sweeney said he would formally announce the formation of the new union on Wednesday in Detroit.	Terry Sweeney announced the formation of a union Wednesday in Detroit.	1
"I picked prostitutes as my victims because I hate most prostitutes and I did not want to pay them for sex."	I contacted prostitutes and I didn't want to pay them for sex." So in the end, "I picked prostitutes as my victims because I hate most prostitutes and I didn't want to pay them for sex."	1
A positive PSA test has to be followed up with a biopsy or other procedures before cancer can be confirmed.	If a PSA test is positive then cancer can be confirmed through biopsy or other procedures.	1
A positive PSA test has to be followed up with a biopsy or other procedures before cancer can be confirmed.	If the patient has a positive PSA test, it is necessary for the patient to undergo a biopsy before cancer can be diagnosed.	1
But Mr. Peterson added, "I don't know anybody in the conference committee who's fighting to keep it out completely."	"Nobody in the conference committee is fighting to keep it out completely," added Mr. Peterson.	1
The speaker issued a one-paragraph statement, saying, "I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley.	I'm advised that some allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley....	1
The speaker issued a one-paragraph statement, saying, "I am advised that certain allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley.	I'm advised that various allegations of criminal conduct have been interposed against my counsel, J. Michael Boxley...."	1
We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September," Rumsfeld said.	What we did on 11 September, 2001, was because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience, said Rumsfeld.	1
We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September," Rumsfeld said.	How did we acted? "We saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of our experience on 11 September 2001," Rumsfeld said.	1
The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index dipped to 53.7 from 54.7 in August.	ISP (Institute for Supply Management) Manufacturing Index fell to 53.7 from 54.7 in August.	1
It got up on his personal radar screen this past week, I've given him my pitch and he was quite supportive," he said.	I told him my pitch had a strong response this past week. "I've given him his personal radar screen and he was quite supportive," he said.	1
It got up on his personal radar screen this past week, I've given him my pitch and he was quite supportive," he said.	On his personal radar screen this past week, I've given him my pitch and he was quite supportive", he said.	1
The couple was granted an annulment in September 2001 and Joanie Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey, court records show.	Irene and Marques Harper were granted an annulment in September 2001 and Joanie Harper was given sole custody of Marques and Lyndsey, court records show.	1
Trans fat makes up only 1 percent to 3 percent of the total fat Americans consume, compared with 14 percent for saturated fat.	In the US, trans fats make up about 1 percent to 3 percent of the total fat, compared with 14 percent for saturated fats.	1
However, a recent slide in prices and OPEC's expectations of a surge in oil inventories have compounded its fears about a further softening of the market.	With recent decline in oil prices and OPEC's expectations of a surge in oil inventories have compounded its fears about a further softening of the market.	1
Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and by the U.S.-led war to oust him which ended in April.	United Nations sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait and the U.S-led war to oust him which ended in April. Iraq's economy was ravaged during years of U.N. sanctions over ex-president Saddam Hussein's 1990 occupation of Kuwait.	1
Under the settlement, Solutia will pay $50 million in equal installments over a period of 10 years.	Solutia has agreed to pay $50 million in equal installments for 10 years.	1
Smith found the cigarette tax falls on the tobacco consumer, not the tribe, meaning the tribe is simply an agent for collecting a tax.	Smith found the cigarette tax falls on the tobacco consumer, not the tribe, meaning the tribe is simply an agent for collecting a tax. The tax is not a deduction, the tax is paid back or forfeited for every dollar.	1
After Mao's death in 1976, Madame Mao was sentenced to life imprisonment for her role in the oppressive Cultural Revolution.	Mao's death in 1976, Madame Mao was sentenced to life imprisonment for her role in the oppressive Cultural Revolution.	1
Six vehicles, including one belonging to the army, were damaged in the powerful explosion.	What happened is the damage done to six vehicles, including one belonging to the army, in the powerful explosion.	1
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.	On all 11 counts, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.	1
If convicted, they face up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine on each of the 11 counts.	If convicted, each of the 11 counts faces up to five years in prison and a $250,000 fine.	1
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	Why there is no vote on the matter but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	1
There will be no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	If there's no vote on the issue but those opposed to Robinson's appointment are thought to outnumber those who accept it by around 20 to 17.	1
Peterson, 31, is now charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son.	As of this writing, Peterson, 31, has been charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and their unborn son.	1
In other words, Cablevision is obligated to pay for YES Network's lawsuit against Time Warner Cable.	Cablevision will pay for YES Network's lawsuit against Time Warner Cable.	1
Germany's Foreign Ministry said it believed the passengers were from the northern states of Lower Saxony and Schleswig-Holstein, but had no further details.	If the person who bought them was from Germany, it is believed they came from the Northern states of Lower Saxony and Schleswig-Holstein. The german Foreign Ministry has no further details.	1
A gunman who had ``a beef with the Postal Service'' stormed into a suburban post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday, authorities said.	The gunman had a beef with the Postal Service and stormed into a suburban post office and took two employees hostage Wednesday, authorities said.	1
The agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22.	[T]he agency will "consider as timely any tax returns or payments due" Aug. 15 if they are submitted by Aug. 22..	1
Appleton said police continue to hold out the possibility that more than one person was involved in the poisonings.	Yvette Appleton: There is a possibility that multiple people were involved in the poisonings, but police are unsure.	1
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	DAX: Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	1
His other films include "Malcolm X," "Summer of Sam" and "Jungle Fever."	"Malcolm X", "Summer of Sam" and "Jungle Fever" are examples of his films.	1
His other films include "Malcolm X," "Summer of Sam" and "Jungle Fever."	More films include "Malcolm X," "Summer of Sam" and "Jungle Fever".	1
He acted as an international executive producer on Who Wants to be a Millionaire and The Weakest Link.	In "Who Wants to Be A Millionaire & The Weakest Link", he has acted as an international executive producer.	1
The program will grow to include ports in Dubai, Turkey and Malaysia, among others.	Efforts were made to expand the program by incorporating ports in Dubai, Turkey and Malaysia, among others.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average fell 98.30, or 1.1 percent, while bond values fell, too.	Its flat, as the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.30, or 1.1 percent., while bond values fell, too.	1
Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.	The Millville son's sacrifice should not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.	1
Proving that the Millville son's sacrifice would not go unsung, Mayor James Quinn ordered all city flags flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.	When Mayor Quinn announced that Millville's son's sacrifice would not go unsung, all of the City's flags were flown at half-mast for the next 30 days.	1
With an estimated net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people.	As a woman with a net worth of $1.7 billion, Mrs. Kroc was ranked No. 121 on Forbes magazine's latest list of the nation's wealthiest people.	1
The biggest threat to order seemed to be looting and crime, including robberies by some of the prisoners freed by Saddam before the war.	What were the major threats to order appearing to be looting and crime, including robberies by some prisoners freed by Saddam before the war.	1
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.	According to Pratt & Wiltney, 75 per cent of the engine equipment will be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.	1
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.	Parts of engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany. For now, Pratt &Whitney has said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe.	1
McCabe said he was considered a witness, not a suspect.	McCabe said that he was only a witness.	1
The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health care worker, said Dr. Colin D’Cunha, Ontario’s commissioner of public health.	If a woman got infected with the SARS virus while in hospital, she wasn't a health care worker, said Colin D’Cunha, Ontario’s commissioner of public health.	1
"People who are high in positive emotions sleep better, they have better diets, they exercise more, they have lower levels of these stress hormones," Cohen said.	If we're high in positive emotions, we sleep better, we've got better diets, we exercise more, we're less stressed out", Cohen said.	1
Robin Saunders, head of the bank's London-based principal finance unit, is also expected to quit.	Robin Saunders is going to step down as the chairman of the London-based principal finance unit of the bank.	1
But the new study, from the Women's Health Initiative, said the opposite.	In its latest study, the Women's Health Initiative is saying the opposite.	1
It wants to force him to return his allegedly ill-gotten gains, with interest, and pay penalties.	Is it trying to force him to return his allegedly ill-gotten gains, with interest, and pay penalties?	1
He added that those "are not solely American principles, nor are they exclusively Western."	In his words, "These are not exclusively Western principles and not American principles."	1
He added that those "are not solely American principles, nor are they exclusively Western."	These are not only American principles, nor are they exclusively Western."	1
Mahmud was seized near Tikrit, the area from which he and Hussein hail, about 90 miles north of Baghdad, U.S. military officials said Wednesday night.	Ismael Mahmud is taken from Tikrit, the area from which he and Hussein hail, about 90 miles north of Baghdad, U.S. military officials said Wednesday night.	1
"If we don't march into Tehran, I think we will be in pretty good shape," he said.	What will happen if we do not march into Tehran, I think we will be in pretty good shape," he said.	1
"If we don't march into Tehran, I think we will be in pretty good shape," he said.	I think Iran will be in good shape if we don't march into Tehran, he said.	1
"If we don't march into Tehran, I think we will be in pretty good shape," he said.	I believe Iran will be in a good shape if they don't march into Iran.	1
They remain 40 percent below the levels prior to February's initial overstatement news.	Do they remain 40 percent below the levels prior to February's initial overstatement news?	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> lost 6 points, or 0.71 percent, to 927.	Stocks that held in the market in.SPX>, down 6 points, or 0.71 percent, to 927. Its index is the 500 stock index. It is the 500 index if you will compare it to the rest of the index.	1
Now, Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, faces a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.	How is Blanca's American husband, 63-year-old Roger Lawrence Strunk, facing a murder indictment issued in February by the Philippine government, which says he's the leading suspect.	1
The Securities and Exchange Commission also filed a civil fraud complaint against Dinh, of Phoenixville.	When it comes to fraud, the Securities and Exchange Commission also filed a civil fraud complaint against Dinh, of Phoenixville.	1
Levin's attorney, Bo Hitchcock, declined to comment Friday.	Lawyer Bo Hitchcock declined to comment Friday. He is an attorney for Levin.	1
The Swiss franc rose nearly a third of a centime against the dollar and was last at 1.2998 <CHF=> to the greenback.	The Swiss franc was last at 1.2998 CHF=> to the greenback and was almost a third of a centime against the dollar.	1
The purchase is the largest conservation transaction in Hawaii's history, the agencies said.	In Hawaiian history, the agencies said the acquisition is the largest conservation transaction.	1
The FCC said existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.	With the new broadcast flag system, existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment will remain fully functional, says the FCC.	1
The FCC said existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.	If the FCC passes the new broadcast flag system, existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional.	1
Motorola had scheduled its earnings report to be released today after the close of trading.	After a day of trading, Motorola had scheduled its earnings report to be released today.	1
Most of those killed were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal who were working at Rohtang tunnel.	In Rohtang tunnel, most of those killed were labourers from Jharkhand and Nepal.	1
Axcan's shares closed down 63 Canadian cents, or 4 percent, at C$16.93 in Toronto on Tuesday.	What's more, Axcan's shares closed down 63 Canadian cents, or 4 percent, at C$16.93 in Toronto on Tuesday.	1
It forecast 445 billion yen in loan-loss charges for the year ending next March.	What is the expected return of 445 billion yen in loan-loss charges for the year ending next March?	1
Iraqi doctors who treated former prisoner of war Jessica Lynch dismissed on Friday claims made in her biography that she was raped by her Iraqi captors.	Do Iraqi doctors treating former prisoner of war Jessica Lynch dismissed on Friday claims made in her biography that she was raped by her Iraqi captors?	1
A grief-stricken old woman, disconsolate with grief, smeared her face with dirt, uttering: "My child, my child."	Having smeared her face, a distraught old lady smeared her face with dirt and uttered: "My child, my child."	1
A grief-stricken old woman, disconsolate with grief, smeared her face with dirt, uttering: "My child, my child."	A grieving elderly lady smeared her face with dirt, uttering "my child, my child."	1
The Opposition Leader, Simon Crean, said John Howard had been forced to make changes by the incompetence of his ministers.	John Howard was forced to change his Cabinet because of his ministers incompetence. Simon Crean was the Opposition Leader, Simon Crean, said this was true.	1
In fact, 10 million shares of the sale went to an unidentified charitable trust - which promptly sold them.	How do 10 million shares of the sale went to an unidentified charitable trust - which promptly sold them.	1
The airline says only Robert Milton is taking a 15-per-cent reduction in pay.	Only Robert Milton will receive a pay cut. The airline says he will only be taking a 15-percent cut in pay.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 16.02 points, or 1.62 percent, at 1,004.63.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index gained 16.02 points, or 1.62 percent, at 1,004.63. The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 2.57 percent, or 9.15 percent, at 1,011.64.	1
The product also features an updated release of the Apache Web server, as well as Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis.	Also features an updated release of Apache Web Server as well as Apache Tomcat and Apache Axis.	1
Clayton's shares were also suspended from trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	The Clayton shares were suspended from trading on the New York Stock Exchange. The Clayton shares were also suspended from trading.	1
Clayton's shares were also suspended from trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	In a related story, Clayton shares were banned from trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
The cleanup, including new carpeting, electrical wiring and bathrooms, cost about $130 million.	What about the cleanout, including new carpeting, electrical wiring and bathrooms, cost about $130 million.	1
They said many had been beaten, and police officers also stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients.	Is it true that many people have been beaten and police officers stormed private wards at the hospital and harassed patients?	1
US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans.	In the US, officials blame Al-Qaida for the massacre of 231 people, including 12 Americans.	1
Standing with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates was Brent Newbury, president of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association.	Brent Newbury, President of the Rockland County Patrolmen's Benevolent Association stood with reporters and photographers about 150 yards from the prison gates.	1
U.S. same-store sales last months at Tim Hortons rose 8.8 per cent.	Tim Hortons: U.S. same-store sales last month rose 8.8 per cent.	1
World economic leaders hailed signs of a global revival on Tuesday but agreed it had to be handled with care to prevent any setback.	In a world economy, world economic leaders hailed signs of a global revival on Tuesday but agreed it had to be handled with care to prevent any setback.	1
Sterling was down 0.8 percent against the dollar at $1.5875 GBP= .	Sterling has been down 0.8 percent against the dollar. It is currently trading at $1.5875 GBP.	1
Police said they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	Pols say they believe Cruz knew of the girl through one of her former schoolmates - though neither the girl nor her family knew him.	1
Holden toured Northmoor, a small town in Platte County, Mo., where between 25 and 30 homes were either damaged or destroyed.	How did Holden travel to Northmoor, a small town in Platte County, Mo., where between 25 and 30 homes were either damaged or destroyed.	1
But in the end, all the worm did was visit a pornography site, said Vincent Weafer, a security director with Symantec Security Response in California.	What the worm is actually doing is to visit a porn site, said Vincent Weafer, a Security Director for Symantec Security Response in California.	1
While it was being called mandatory, Dupont said authorities were not forcing people from their homes.	What did Dupont mean by compulsory, but no one was forced to leave their homes.	1
The report said the Corpus Christi-based agent twice called Escobar while the legislator was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore, Okla.	The report said the Corpus Christi-based agent twice called Escobar while the legislator was with the other protesting Democrats in Ardmore, Okla. The report said Escobar's agent had a phone call to Escobar at the time.	1
Yesterday, shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32.	Yesterday shares closed up 29 cents, or 0.54 percent, at $54.32. Tomorrow is October 13.	1
North American futures pointed to a sub-par start to trading on Tuesday, with investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.	What a sub-par start to trading in futures trading in North American markets today. Investors ready to get their first taste of quarterly earnings.	1
Officials with Rescue California, one of the groups leading the recall campaign, called the lawsuit laughable.	Rescue California, which is leading the recall campaign, said the lawsuit was laughable.	1
The agreement resolves a lawsuit AOL filed against Microsoft in January 2002 on behalf of its subsidiary, Netscape Communications.	What is a new agreement between Microsoft and AOL to resolve a lawsuit filed by them in January 2002 on behalf of their subsidiary, Netscape Communications.	1
Dell has about 32 percent of the U.S. market, but much lower share in the rest of the world.	Dell (A/D) has about 32 percent of the U.S. market, but much lower share in the rest of the world.	1
He was sent to Larned State Hospital, where he was evaluated and treated.	I was sent to Larned State Hospital, where he was evaluated and treated.	1
With the power back on, state workers headed back to their jobs Friday morning.	If the power is back on, state workers will get back to their jobs Friday morning.	1
The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada - the FDA's counterpart in Canada.	In Canada, drugs are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada. This is the FDA's equivalent in the U.S. The report shows that drugs sold in Canadian pharmacies are manufactured in facilities approved by Health Canada.	1
Democrats argue they are not constitutionally required to redraw the lines, and that proposed maps would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas.	If Democrats want to redraw the Texas lines, they would be able to do so without the need to redraw the lines. They argue that the proposed maps would disenfranchise minorities and rural Texas.	1
A woman was listed in good condition at Memorial's HealthPark campus, he said.	The female patients had found that they were in good condition at Memorial HealthPark.	1
Palm plans to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.	Palm shares will be issued to Handspring shareholders of approximately 13.9 million on a fully diluted basis.	1
The judge ordered the unsealing yesterday at the request of several news agencies, including The Seattle Times, The Associated Press and the Seattle Post-Intelligencer.	On the request of the Seattle Times, The Associated Press and the Seattle Post-Intelligencer, the judge ordered the unsealing yesterday.	1
Wittig resigned last year after being indicted on federal bank fraud charges involving a real estate loan unrelated to Westar business.	Indicted on federal bank fraud charges involving a real estate loan unrelated to Westar, Wittig resigned last year.	1
Researchers predicted an additional 23 cases of dementia a year for every 10,000 women on the therapy.	Each 10,000 female who tried to use the therapy would experience 23 cases of dementia per year, according to the researchers.	1
Jacob has pushed consolidation for years, but he has said many communities, especially rural ones, have opposed it.	Has Jacob pushed for consolidation for years, but he has said many communities, particularly rural ones, have opposed it.	1
A slit the size of one created in the test would let in a stream of gas three times as hot as a blowtorch."	For example, a gas slit the size of one created in the test would let in a gas three times as hot as a blowtorch."	1
A slit the size of one created in the test would let in a stream of gas three times as hot as a blowtorch."	What would happen if I did a small slit which was created in the test, and had a flow of gas three times as hot as a blowtorch?"	1
Legato stockholders will get 0.9 of a share of EMC stock for every share of Legato they own.	In Legato stockholders will get 0.9 share of EMC stock for every share of Legato they own.	1
Legato stockholders will get 0.9 of a share of EMC stock for every share of Legato they own.	In every share of Legato, stockholders will get 0.9 of a share of EMC stock, for each share of Legato they own.	1
Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld is awaiting recommendations from his commanders.	Donald Rumsfeld awaiting what his commanders have to say to him on defense.	1
He says that "this is a time when we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy, not questioning it.	This is a time when we priests need to be renewing our pledge to celibacy. Not questioning it.	1
Shattered Glass,"starring Hayden Christensen as Stephen Glass, debuted well with $80,000 in eight theaters.	What's the hype of "Shattered Glass"? Hayden Christensen played Stephen Glass starring in the play, which drew $80,000 in eight theaters.	1
The budget fell steadily until dropping as low as $2.93 billion in 1998 and has gradually risen to $3.27 billion for fiscal 2002.	Budget of FY 1998-2002 has decreased steadily until dropping as low as $2.93 billion in 1998 and has gradually risen to $3.27 billion for fiscal 2002.	1
A council of up to nine Iraqis probably will lead the countrys interim government through the coming months, the U.S. civil administrator said Monday.	Iraqi Governement: A council of up to nine Iraqis likely will lead the countrys interim government through the coming months, the U.S. civil administrator said Monday.	1
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.	Who discovered molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.	1
They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down cholesterol.	Only ozone breaks down cholesterol. They found molecules that can only be produced when ozone breaks down.	1
Synthes-Stratec's cash payment for Mathys would be financed with cash on hand plus bank borrowings being arranged by Credit Suisse First Boston.	How are Synthes-Stratec's cash payment for Mathys financed with cash on hand plus bank borrowings being arranged by Credit Suisse First Boston.	1
The numbers highlight a conundrum: the difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multi-ethnic society.	Do numbers highlight a conundrum: the difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multi-ethnic society?	1
The numbers highlight a conundrum: the difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multi-ethnic society.	What are the numbers showing a conundrum? the difficulty of classifying racial and ethnic categories in an increasingly fluid and multi-ethnic society.	1
The fight over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.	In documents filed last week with the judge, documents were made available by the court yesterday. It was discovered that the battle was over the online music sales.	1
The two cases concerned the admissions policies of the University of Michigan's law school and undergraduate college.	In the two cases concerned the admissions policies of the University of Michigan's law school and undergraduate college.	1
The two cases concerned the admissions policies of the University of Michigan's law school and undergraduate college.	In both cases the Admissions Policy of the University of Michigan's law school and undergraduate college was concerned.	1
With the test, Hubbard said, "I believe that we have found the smoking gun.	When Hubbard got the test results, Hubbard said, "I believe we have found the smoking gun"	1
Scribner's body was found floating in the city's Portage Bay, where he lived with his wife in a houseboat.	In the city's Portage Bay, where Scribner lived with his wife in a houseboat, his body was found floating in the water.	1
The two men were allegedly trying to engage Russian exiles in Britain in the assassination plot.	The men were accused of attempting to hire a Russian exile in Britain and attempted to murder British citizens.	1
The council comprises 13 Shi'ites, five Sunni Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen.	What are the members of the Council of 13 Shi'ites, five Sunni Arabs, five Kurds, an Assyrian Christian and a Turkmen?	1
However, EPA officials would not confirm the 20 percent figure.	The EPA says it's up to 20 percent but wouldn't confirm it.	1
The company is working with the ObjectWeb consortium, Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE development community as part of the effort.	In addition to the Apache Software Foundation and the Eclipse IDE community, the company is working with the ObjectWeb consortium and Eclipse as part of the effort.	1
The United States has accused Iran of masking plans to make nuclear weapons behind a civilian nuclear programme.	The United States accused Iran of a nuclear program behind a civilian nuclear weapon program.	1
A new variant of Blaster also appeared Wednesday and seemed to be spreading, according to antivirus companies.	As of Wednesday, a new version of Blaster appeared. And it seems to be spreading, according to antivirus companies.	1
Directed by Jonathan Lynn from a script by Elizabeth Hunter and Saladin K. Patterson.	From a script by Elizabeth Hunter and Saladin K. Patterson. Directed by Jonathan Lynn.	1
The U.N. nuclear watchdog reprimanded Iran on Thursday for failing to comply with its nuclear safeguards obligations and called on Tehran to unconditionally accept stricter inspections by the agency.	U.N. nuclear watchdog reprimanded Iran on Thursday for failing to comply with its nuclear safeguards obligations and called on Tehran to unconditionally accept stricter inspections by the U.N. nuclear watchdog.	1
The first products are likely to be dongles costing between US$100 and US$150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.	For now, the company is developing a dongle between PC and consumer electronics device. The first product is likely to be a pair of dongles between US$100 and $150.	1
A base configuration with a 2.0GHz Intel Celeron processor, 128M bytes of memory, a 40G-byte hard drive, and a CD-ROM drive costs US$729.	A base configuration with a 2.0GHz Intel Celeron processor, 128M bytes of memory, a 40G-byte hard drive, and a CD-ROM drive costs US$729. A base configuration with a 2.0GHz Intel Celeron processor, 128M bytes of memory, a 40G-byte hard drive, and a CD-ROM drive costs US$729.	1
A base configuration with a 2.0GHz Intel Celeron processor, 128M bytes of memory, a 40G-byte hard drive, and a CD-ROM drive costs US$729.	A base configuration with a 2.0GHz Intel Celeron processor, 128M bytes of memory, a 40G-byte hard drive, and a CD-ROM drive cost US$729. A base configuration with a 2.0GHz Intel Celeron processor costs US$729. A base configuration with a 2.0GHz Intel Celeron processor, 128M bytes of memory, a 40G-byte hard drive, and a CD-ROM drive costs US$729. A base configuration with a	1
Tidmarsh will compete in today's third round.	Tidmarsh will face his third round of matches today.	1
Foam flaking off from all over the tank left dozens of pockmarks each flight on the thermal tiles that cover much of the shuttle, Turcotte said.	How does Foam Staggering From All Over The Tank Leave dozens of pockmarks each flight on the thermal tiles that cover much of the shuttle, Turcotte said.	1
Mr Eddington described Monday's talks with union leaders as "sensible".	How did eddington describe the talks on Monday with union leaders as "sensible"?	1
Vaccine makers have been thrust into the limelight as government programs to encourage wider vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets.	Has the Vaccine Makers been thrust into the limelight as government programs to encourage wide vaccination and fears of biological attacks on civilian and military targets?	1
ICANN has criticised the changes and asked VeriSign to voluntarily suspend them.	ICANN has condemned VeriSign's latest announcement. It has demanded that it voluntarily suspend the changes.	1
Less than a month after departing her anchor's chair at "Dateline NBC," Jane Pauley has signed a new deal with NBC to host a syndicated daytime talk show.	In less than a month, Jane Pauley resigned as a "Dateline" anchor with NBC and will host a syndicated daytime talk show.	1
"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation."	"The releases are the latest in a series of efforts by the government to move Myanmar to multi-party democracy and national conciliation," the statement reads.	1
A few hours later, the House voted 256 to 170 to pass the Healthy Forest Restoration Act sponsored by Rep. Scott McInnis, R-Colo.	The House voted 256 to 170 to pass the Healthy Forest Restoration Act sponsored by Rep. Scott McInnis, R-Colo. A few hours later, the House voted 256 to 170 to pass the Healthy Forest Restoration Act.	1
Bremer will focus on the politics, Garner said, adding that he expects Bremer to arrive in Iraq by next week.	Garner said Bremer will focus on the politics. Bremer will arrive in Iraq by next week.	1
Bremer will focus on the politics, Garner said, adding that he expects Bremer to arrive in Iraq by next week.	Bremer is coming to Iraq, Garner said, adding that he expects Bremer to arrive by next week. Bremer will focus on politics, Garner said.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	In cyber-crime, more than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies.	1
The family stopped for lunch at Freshwater Spit, where several children went to the water's edge to play in the surf shortly after noon.	I saw the family stop for lunch at Freshwater Spit, where several children went to the water's edge to play in the surf shortly after noon.	1
Island Def Jam must pay $52 million in punitive damages, and Cohen must pay the remaining $56 million, the jury said.	The jury voted for Island Def Jam to pay $52 million in punitive damages. Cohen must pay the remaining $56 million, the jury said.	1
However, Lapidus expects foreign brands' sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co.	Is Lapidus expecting foreign brand sales to be up 4 percent, driven by strong truck sales at Honda Motor Co.?	1
Without going into specifics, Oracle managers also indicated PeopleSoft's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs.	Oracle management said PeopleSoft's roughly 8,000 workers could expect mass layoffs.	1
Michel, who remains in the government, denied that US pressure had provoked the government's move.	Michel is still in the government, but denies that the US has provoked the government's move.	1
General Motors Corp. posted a record 8.4 percent improvement in 2000.	General Motors Corp. posted a record 8.4 percent improvement in 2000. In fact, the stock now trades in 0.9 percent increments (98.7 percent, 19%, 19%, 24.7 percent, 38%, 51%) after the 2000 quarter.	1
Just five months ago, Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and vowed to attack any Democrat who didnt.	I just had 5 months to go and Dean committed to accepting taxpayer money and would attack anyone democrat who didnt. He also admitted to committing to taking taxpayer money and vowed to attack any democrat who didnt.	1
"Contrary to the court's decision, we firmly believe Congress gave the FTC authority to implement the national Do Not Call list.	Despite court's ruling, we firmly believe Congress gave the FTC authority to implement the national Do Not Call List.	1
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.	Ruffner, 45, is being held without an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.	1
Ruffner, 45, doesn't yet have an attorney in the murder charge, authorities said.	D. L. Ruffner, 45, has no attorney. He's accused of murder.	1
Some of the computers also are used to send spam e-mail messages to drum up traffic to the sites.	Some computers also use to send spam emails to drum up traffic to the websites.	1
Some of the computers also are used to send spam e-mail messages to drum up traffic to the sites.	Some computers also use to send spam e-mail messages to drum up traffic to the websites.	1
Some of the computers also are used to send spam e-mail messages to drum up traffic to the sites.	Some computers also send spam emails, to drum up traffic to the sites.	1
It also faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty, and threatens serious damage to the company's business, he added.	Is the company also faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty, and threatens serious damage to the company's business, he added.	1
It also faces significant regulatory delays and uncertainty, and threatens serious damage to the company's business, he added.	What is also facing significant regulatory delays and uncertainty, and threatens serious damage to the company's business, he added.	1
Mason said al-Amoudi was arrested at Dulles International Airport on Sunday as he came into the country.	Mason said al-Amoudi was arrested on Sunday at Dulles International Airport. According to Mason he was on his way into the country from Dulles.	1
Those findings, published in today's Journal of the American Medical Association, are the latest bad news about estrogen-progestin therapy.	The latest bad news about estrogen-progestin therapy is published in today's Journal of the American Medical Association.	1
A view of the devastation left behind when a man drove his car through a crowded farmers market in Santa Monica on Wednesday.	What happened to the car in Santa Monica on Wednesday, as a man drove through a crowded farmers market.	1
Experts said the case marks one of the first times in which a parent was charged with contributing to a child's suicide.	In the history of children suicide, experts said that this case was one of the first to see a parent being charged with helping a child commit suicide.	1
Experts said the case marks one of the first times in which a parent was charged with contributing to a child's suicide.	Case was first case of parent contributing to a child's suicide, experts say.	1
The AP quotes a local policeman as saying the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during a demonstration yesterday in the town of Majar Al-Kabir.	British troops were targeted by townspeople upset over civilian deaths during demonstration yesterday in Majar Al-Kabir. The AP quoted a local policeman as saying the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths.	1
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely ... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda".	How does Baer conclude that the two victims' lawyer has "shown, albeit barely... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaeda".	1
Right now, only six states do: Arkansas, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, Virginia, and Wisconsin.	But only six states do. Arkansas, Michigan, Minnesota, New Jersey, Virginia, Wisconsin.	1
Indonesia's army has often been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing rights violations.	When Indonesia's army has been accused of human rights abuses during GAM's battle for independence, charges it has generally denied while accusing the separatists of committing human rights violations.	1
They also are reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere, as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firms and with others.	As companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firms and with others, they are reshaping the retail business relationship elsewhere, as companies take away ideas and practices that change how they do business in their own firms and with others.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC rose 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33, after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.	Nasdaq Composite Index (Nasdaq:Nasdaq).IXIC jumped 39.39 points, or 2.2 percent, to 1,826.33 after losing more than 2 percent on Tuesday.Nasdaq:Nasdaq) Composite Index.IXIC topped 500 Nasdaq (NAS) Index (NIS), which fell 6 points to 1,003 and gained 964 points, or 0.5 percent, in a day. The Dow	1
It is the fifth such election in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in Iraq's south.	What is the fifth such election in Iraq, after the northern city of Mosul and three cities in the south.	1
It said a civil complaint by the Securities and Exchange Commission is expected as well.	Is the Securities and Exchange Commission expected to do a civil complaint?	1
"This individual's lawyers are trying to obtain from the court a free pass to download or upload music online illegally."	What is this individual's lawyers trying to obtain from the court a free pass to download or upload music online illegally?"	1
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR firmed 26/32, taking its yield to 4.17 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.	US$30YT=RR has firmed 26/32, taking its yield to 4.17 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.	1
The shooter ran away, police said, eluding an officer who gave chase.	Shooter ran away, police said, eluding an officer who chased him.	1
The shooter ran away, police said, eluding an officer who gave chase.	What happened to the shooter? The shooter ran away, police said, eluding an officer who chased him.	1
But SCO has hit back, saying: "We view IBM's counterclaim filing today as an effort to distract attention from its flawed Linux business model.	IBM counterclaimed today "As an effort to distract attention from its flawed Linux business model," says SCO.	1
If Walker appeals Parrish's ruling, it would stop the extradition process and could take several months, Rork said.	If Parrish's decision was retried by Walker, it would stop the extradition process and could take several months, Rork said.	1
Boykin’s also referred to Islamist fighters as America’s “spiritual enemy” that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”.	Islamic fighters was America’s spiritual enemy that, “will only be defeated if we come against them in the name of Jesus”. Boykin’s also said that 'the only reason i cannot get out is because they are not in the midst of the movement of the Islamists in our society.'	1
The first vulnerability is a buffer overrun that results from IE's failure to properly determine an object type returned from a Web server.	What is the first vulnerability that will cause a buffer overrun if IE fails to properly determine an object type returned from a Web server?	1
"To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing, we are not co-mingling appropriated and non-appropriated funds (from Congress)," said Faletti.	How do you avoid any perception of wrongdoing by not co-mingling appropriated and non-appropriated funds (from Congress)," said Faletti.	1
"To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing, we are not co-mingling appropriated and non-appropriated funds (from Congress)," said Faletti.	"To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing, we are not co-minglingappropriated and non-appropriated funds (from Congress)" said Faletti.	1
"To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing, we are not co-mingling appropriated and non-appropriated funds (from Congress)," said Faletti.	"To make sure that we avoided any perception of wrongdoing, we are not co-minglingappropriate and non-appropriated funds (from Congress)," said Faletti.	1
Prince Saud said, "The Kingdom of Saudi Arabia has been wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the tragic terrorist attacks of September 11, 2001."	Prince Saud said Saudi Arabia is "wrongfully and morbidly accused of complicity in the 9/11 terror attack"	1
"If the voluntary reliability standards were complied with, we wouldn't have had a problem."	I would not have had a problem if the voluntary reliability standards were complied with."	1
Bush also hoped to polish his anti-AIDS credentials in Uganda, which has been hailed as an African pioneer in fighting the killer disease.	How will Bush's anti-AIDS credentials be raised in Uganda, a country described as being a pioneer in the fight against AIDS in Africa?	1
Shares of MONY were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in after-hours trading on Instinet.	In after hours trading, MoNY shares were gaining $2.57, or 9%, to $31.90 in Instinet. (U.S.), a daily quoted stock.	1
Founded in 1996, the LendingTree exchange consists of more than 200 banks, lenders, and brokers.	LendingTree Exchange (LTE) was founded in 1996 and is now represented by more than 200 banks, lenders and brokers.	1
Houston fourth-graders also performed similarly to national peers in writing.	Has Houston fourth-graders also performed similarly to national peers in writing?	1
It cut taxes while balancing the budget for three years and reduced Europe's second highest per capita national debt.	Its effect was to cut taxes while balancing the budget for three years. It also helped to reduce the second highest per capita national debt in Europe.	1
"We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide the additional security we requested."	Nevertheless, the Saudis did not provide us with the additional security we requested. "We continue to work with the Saudis on this, but they did not, as of the time of this tragic event, provide us with the additional security we requested."	1
We don't know if any will be SARS," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	If we don't know if there will be SARS, we don't know," said Dr. James Young, Ontario's commissioner of public safety.	1
We need a certifiable pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools wont open in September, Strayhorn said.	We need a certified pay as you go budget by mid-July or schools won't open in September, Strayhorn said.	1
A spokesman said: "Further testing is under way but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook is positive."	"Further testing is under way" but is at this stage given the early detection, the outlook is positive," spokesman said.	1
A spokesman said: "Further testing is under way but at this stage, given the early detection, the outlook is positive."	A spokesman said: "The outlook for a future fuller testing is positive despite the early detection."	1
Except for a few archaic characteristics, they are as recognizable as Hamlet's poor Yorick.	If there are more archaic characteristics of Hamlet, they are as recognizable as Hamlet's poor Yorick.	1
He is a brother to three-year-old Mia, from Kate's first marriage, to film producer Jim Threapleton.	It was from Kate's first marriage that she married filmmaker Jim Threapleton. He is his brother to three-year-old Mia.	1
Only two other countries, Germany and the Dominican Republic, have publicly expressed reservations, and Germany has since said it will sign it.	The Dominican Republic and Germany are the only other countries who are making public reservations and German has since said it will sign it.	1
It reports a mailing list of 50,000 and support from about 500 congregations and 50 bishops.	Is there a mailing list of 50,000 and support from around 500 congregations and 50 bishops?	1
Dick is going to be there as long as Dick wants to be there," Reuters reports Langone as saying.	"Dick will be here as long as Dick wants to be there," Reuters reports Langone.	1
However, John Clare, chief executive of the Dixons Group, expressed his disappointment.	The Dixons Group CEO John Clare explained his disappointment.	1
"The same three Response Team members also met with Monsignor Grass, who while manifestly repentant, admitted that the allegations were true.	(Lkg) - The same three Response Team members also met with Monsignor Grass, who while manifestly repentant, admitted that the allegations were true.	1
U.S. manufacturing growth expanded for the third straight month in September but at a slower pace, according to a report released shortly after the opening bell.	U.S. manufacturing expansion for the third straight month in September. But at a slower pace, according to a report released shortly after the opening bell.	1
Microsoft has described the technology as "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."	Microsoft says it is building "a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."	1
But for more than a century, an untold amount of money intended for some of the nation's poorest residents was lost, stolen or never collected.	What remains is an untold amount of money if it were to be used for the poorest. However, for more than a century, it was lost, stolen or never collected.	1
It is rare for a legal challenge to occur before a bill becomes law.	Rarely do we hear of a legal challenge before a bill becomes law.	1
St. Paul Chairman and Chief Executive Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be CEO of the combined company.	If St. Paul became a part of its merged company, Jay S. Fishman, 51, will be its chief executive.	1
"It should have reported that it was sailing with an atomic bomb cargo," Anomeritis said, referring to the quantity of explosives on board.	The ship is loaded with explosives, Anomeritis says, adding it should have reported that it was sailing with an atomic bomb cargo.	1
Mr. Bergonzi was the finance chief from 1995 until his departure in 1999, and was intimately involved in the alleged scheme to pump up Rite Aid's earnings.	In 1999, Mr. Bergonzi was chief bank officer of Rite Aid from 1995 till 1999. In connection with the alleged scheme, Mr. Bergonzi was not only active in the operations but also in the planning of Rite Aid's.	1
They said he would be open to letting that license go to the city of Chicago.	If the license was allowed to go to Chicago he would be open to letting that license go to the city of Chicago.	1
It argued that such access "is not required by domestic or international law and should not be treated as a precedent."	In its arguments, the Court provided that such access was not required by domestic or international law and would not be treated as a precedent.	1
The male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.	Animals: A male eagle was found by a zookeeper early Thursday, suffering from severe puncture wounds in his abdomen.	1
He served as a marine in the Second World War and afterward began submitting articles to magazines.	After serving as a marine in the Second World War, he also began submitting articles to magazine.	1
Lawtey is not the first faith-based program in Florida's prison system.	If you consider Florida's lawtey program as a religious institution, it's not the first faith-based prison.	1
The reports helped overcome investor jitters after the euro briefly hit an all-time high against the dollar Tuesday.	How did the report help overcome investor jitters after the euro briefly hit an all-time high against the dollar Tuesday.	1
American forces here organized the elections, which officials say are important steps toward establishing democracy in Iraq.	The Americans also organized the elections in Iraq, which is a way toward a stable and democratic Iraq.	1
Negotiators talked with the boy for about an hour and a half, Bragdon said.	Naftaliations talk to the boy for about an hour and a half, Bragdon said.	1
"If draining the ponds in Maryland will help further establish [his] innocence, we welcome it.	Can draining the ponds in Maryland further establish his innocence, we welcome it.	1
But Cruz resembled a police sketch of the suspect and had injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with the girl's mother, Lansdowne said.	So where's Cruz, with a sketch of the suspect and injuries consistent with what police expected from the struggle he had with the girl's mother, Lansdowne said.	1
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.	Was passed in 1999 but never put into effect? Would the law have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.	1
A number below 50 suggests contraction in the manufacturing sector, while a number above that indicates expansion.	If the number below 50 indicates contraction in the manufacturing sector, a number over that indicates expansion.	1
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.	When you think about the remote procedure call (RPC) vulnerability, it would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the vulnerability.	1
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.	In theory, it is difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call vulnerability.	1
The New York senator's new book, "Living History," appears a certain bestseller.	Do you think the New York senator's new book, "Living History," is a certain bestseller?	1
IBM is also "pursuing membership in the group" and plans to be an active participant, according to the CELF statement.	IBM plans to participate in CELF and will be an active participant, according to the CELF statement.	1
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.	Since the retirement of the Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the company, the Chief Financial Officer (CEO) has resigned.	1
Many of the victims had been headed home for R&R or emergency leave when they were killed.	How many of the victims had been headed home for R&R or emergency leave when they were killed.	1
The face of President Saddam Hussein was added to Iraqi currency after the 1991 Gulf War.	After the 1991 Gulf War, Iraq added an image of Saddam Hussein to Iraqi currency notes.	1
"It's safe to assume that the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.	If the Senate is prepared to pass a cap, it is safe to assume that it will pass a cap," King said.	1
"It's safe to assume that the Senate is prepared to pass some form of cap," King said.	The Senate has a cap. "It's safe to assume that the Senate is willing to pass some form of cap," King said.	1
The Nikkei average ended trading down 1.83 percent at 10,310.04, a four-week low.	What do you think the Nikkei average ended up trading down 1.83 percent at 10,310.04, a four-week low?	1
That exploit works on unpatched Windows 2000 machines with Service Pack 3 and 4.	Using Service Pack 3 and 4 on Windows 2000, the exploit is exploited. The exploit works only on unpatched machines with Service Pack 3.	1
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts released yesterday.	What I was expecting was the same: lewinsky imbroglio (The Lewinsky Case) was just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents, according to extracts released yesterday.	1
That compares with a profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year.	What is the same profit of $1 million, or breakeven, on $1.39 billion in revenue during the same period last year. (Assuming the share of $1 million in income was positive, the share was not negative in that period).	1
The company reported quarterly revenue of $388.1 million, compared with $318.5 million in the same period a year ago.	Is The company reported quarterly revenue of $388.1 million, compared with $318.5 million in the same period a year ago.	1
Under the plan, Maine would act as a "pharmacy benefit manager" to lower the cost of prescription drugs.	How would Maine appoint a pharmacy benefit manager to lower the cost of prescription drugs.	1
"The impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of the company," Noranda president and chief executive officer Derek Pannell said.	Noranda's CEO said, "The impact of increased prices has only begun to be seen in the financial numbers of the company," Derek Pannell said.	1
In exchange, North Korea would be required to end its nuclear weapons program.	In return for the sale of its nuclear weapons, North Korea would be required to cease operations.	1
Nine years ago, they were married by a justice of the peace.	When they got married, nine years ago, they were married by the justice of the peace.	1
The rats that consumed the tomato powder had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats, researchers found.	Toxicology: The tomato powder had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats, researchers found.	1
It is a national concern that will touch virtually every American," Abraham said.	What is a national concern that will touch practically every American," Abraham said.	1
It will also unveil a version of its Windows Server 2003 operating system tuned specifically for storage devices.	Microsoft is launching Windows Server 2003, a new operating system designed to handle storage devices.	1
About 1,417 schools statewide receive Title I money.	Quell 1,417 schools in the entire state are receiving Title I funding.	1
If the MTA's appeal to a higher court is successful, the $2 bus and subway base fare won't be rolled back.	If the MTA appeals the $2 ticket in a higher court, it won't reroute the bus and subway fare.	1
Now, nearly two years later, Mallard prepares for trial on charges of murder and tampering with evidence.	Then, two years later, has Michael Mallard gone to trial on charges of murder and tampering with evidence.	1
Now, nearly two years later, Mallard prepares for trial on charges of murder and tampering with evidence.	Before the trial, Mallard faces murder charges. Now, nearly two years later, he prepares for trial on charges of tampering with evidence.	1
The book, called "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right," hits stores this weekend.	A fair and balanced look at the right way at lying and liars who tell them, arrives in stores this weekend.	1
The book, called "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right," hits stores this weekend.	Will the book "Lies and the Lying Liars Who Tell Them: A Fair and Balanced Look at the Right" hit stores this weekend?	1
Selenski had previously spent seven years in prison on a bank robbery conviction.	On the merits, Selenski had spent a total of seven years in prison. He had a previous bank robbery conviction.	1
The decision was among the most significant steps toward deregulation undertaken during the Bush administration.	In other words, a government made a step toward deregulation under the Bush administration. The decision was among the most significant steps towards deregulation undertaken under the Bush administration.	1
"For us, that doesn't make a difference - the sexual orientation," Archbishop Tutu said in the black urban centre of Soweto.	"In our eyes, it does not matter what gender you are", said Archbishop Tutu in the black urban centre of Soweto. "It's always a choice, always the choice, always the choice".	1
The Guru microcontroller serves four functions: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS (Basic Input Output System) update and a troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box.	What are the four functions of the Guru microcontroller: hardware monitoring, overclocking management, BIOS (Basic Input Output System) update and troubleshooting-assistance feature called Black Box?	1
He said the local organized crime police were investigating a suspect, but he would not confirm if it was the 24-year-old cited by Bitdefender.	Is it true that the local organized crime police were investigating the 24-year-old suspect cited by Bitdefender?	1
Previously, it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.	Before it had reported a profit of $12 million, or 0 cents a share, for that period.	1
U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.	What's more, U.S. corporate bond yield spreads tightened in spotty trading on Friday as Wall Street labored to get back on its feet after the largest power outage ever in North America.	1
Big Blue says the SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.	Big Blue: The SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter. Big Blue:	1
Starting on Saturday, every computer infected with MSBlast is expected to start flooding Microsoft's Windows Update service with legitimate-looking connection requests.	Will every computer infected with MSBlast start flooding Microsoft's Windows update service with legitimate-looking connection requests beginning on Saturday.?	1
Florida's Third District Court of Appeal saidon Wednesdaythe original proceedings were "irretrievably tainted" by misconduct by lawyers representing the class.	When Florida's Third District Court of Appeal said on Wednesdaythat the original proceedings were "irretrievably tainted" by misconduct by lawyers representing the class.	1
Courant Staff Writers Matt Eagan and Ken Davis contributed to this story.	Matt Eagan and Ken Davis wrote for the Courant. Read the full story.	1
The company said it would issue revised guidance for the full fiscal year next month when it releases its Q2 results.	Ahead of releasing Q2 results, the company said it would issue revised guidance for the fiscal year next month.	1
In addition, the committee noted, "while spending is firming, the labour market has been weakening".	As spending tightens, the labour market weakens, according to the committee.	1
Nigeria and other African oil producers are increasingly important in U.S. plans to lessen dependence on Middle Eastern suppliers for its energy security.	In the United States, Nigeria and other African oil producers are increasingly important in working with middle eastern suppliers to reduce the dependence on them for energy security.	1
While many likely now will quit – as millions of women already have – Soltes said she likely will continue to prescribe the supplements for relief of change-of-life symptoms.	Soltes said her products were used for change of life. While many likely will now quit – as millions of women already have – Soltes said she likely will continue to prescribe the supplements for relief of change of life symptoms.	1
While many likely now will quit – as millions of women already have – Soltes said she likely will continue to prescribe the supplements for relief of change-of-life symptoms.	As millions of women have already, Soltes said many likely now will quit, while Soltes likely will continue to prescribe the supplements for relief of change-of-life symptoms.	1
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.	In the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, schools, and the federal and local governments remained largely shut down. Schools, and much of the region's transportation network were slowed.	1
The federal and local governments remained largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed.	Did the federal and local governments largely shut down in the aftermath of Hurricane Isabel, as were schools, and much of the region's transportation network was slowed?	1
But he is the only candidate who has won national labor endorsements so far, picking up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.	Only Trump has won a national labor endorsement in his campaign. For his eleventh Union, he picked up his 11th union on Tuesday when the United Steelworkers of America endorsed him.	1
The judge also refused to postpone the trial date of Sept. 29.	A new trial date was set on Sept. 29, and the judge denied to postpone the date.	1
Regardless, its first quarter saw a profit of $721 million, or 29 cents, on revenue of $17.9 billion.	In addition to revenue, the company announced a profit of $721 million for the quarter ended March 31, 2018. This was a profit of 29 cents, compared to revenue of $17.9 billion.	1
Regardless, its first quarter saw a profit of $721 million, or 29 cents, on revenue of $17.9 billion.	In its first quarter, Despite, it saw a profit of $721 million, or 29 cents, on revenue of $17.9 billion.	1
"I stand 100 percent by it, and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time."	What I stand 100% by this statement and I think our intelligence services gave us the correct information at the time.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average .DJI slipped 9.54 points, or 0.1 percent, at 9,558.92.	The Dow Jones industrial average fell 9.54 points or 0.1 percent, at 9,558.92. Its higher than the Jones Industrial Average is.	1
"I don't know if the person I'm talking to now may end up being someone else at another time that may not follow the rules," Parrish said.	"I don't know if I'm talking to someone else maybe they may not even follow the rules" says Parrish.	1
Earlier on Monday, Grant Thornton SpA repeated previous statements that it was "a victim of fraudulent action".	On Monday, Grant Thornton SpA said it was "a victim of fraudulent action." The statement follows the previous statement by Grant Thornton SpA.	1
The winner of this year's Most Popular New Talent Logie, Goodrem first went to a specialist on Monday feeling tired and unwell.	A new talent, the winner of this year's Most Popular New Talent Logie, Goodrem first went to a specialist on Monday feeling tired and unwell.	1
All three were studied for fingerprints, DNA and other traces of evidence, but prosecutors have not yet testified to what, if anything, they yielded.	Alle 3 were studied for fingerprints, DNA and other traces of evidence, but prosecutors have not yet testified to what, if anything, they yielded.	1
J.D. Edwards shareholders will receive 0.86 of a share of PeopleSoft for each share of J.D. Edwards.	When J.D. Edwards distributes its shares, shareholders will receive 0.86 of a share of PeopleSoft for each share of J.D. Edwards.	1
That failure to act contributed to September the 11th and the failure to act today continues (to put) Americans in a vulnerable circumstance," Graham said.	What did the failure to act contribute to September 11th and the failure to act today continues to put Americans in a vulnerable situation," Graham said.	1
The Intel C++ Compiler for Platform Builder for Microsoft .NET is available for the suggested list price of $1,499 and is intended for OEM and system integrator use.	,1,499, Intel c++ compiler for platform builder for Microsoft.NET is intended for OEM and system integrator use.	1
He later learned that the incident was caused by the Concorde's sonic boom.	The Concorde's sonic boom was the cause of the incident, he later learned.	1
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.	The problem is fixed before the Space Shuttle fleet can fly again.	1
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.	Before the space shuttle fleet can fly again, he said the problem needs to be corrected.	1
He said the problem needs to be corrected before the space shuttle fleet is cleared to fly again.	If the shuttle fleet is to fly again, it needs to be fixed before the shuttle fleet is able to fly again.	1
Doctors would face fines and up to two years in prison for performing the procedure, except as a lifesaving step.	Do doctors face fines and up to two years in prison for performing a procedure except as a lifesaving step?	1
Doctors would face fines and up to two years in prison for performing the procedure, except as a lifesaving step.	If a doctor performed a surgery, they face up to two years in prison and fines, except as a lifesaving step.	1
"I think it's going to be a close vote, but I think the grant proposal is going to win," McConnell said.	What's going to be a close vote, but I think the grant proposal is going to win," McConnell said.	1
The two men, whose names were not released, both were using Pakistani passports and were seen together at the airport earlier in the evening, police said.	Both of the men had Pakistani passports and had been seen together in the airport in the evening, police said.	1
"We've put a lot of effort and energy into improving our patching progress, probably later than we should have.	Why we put effort and money into repairing our patching progress, probably later than we should have.	1
Rebels sought to consolidate their grip on a troubled northeastern Congolese town Tuesday after a week of fighting that killed at least 112 people.	Saturday: Rebels trying to consolidate their grip on a troubled northeastern Congolese town Tuesday after a week of fighting that killed at least 112 people.	1
This was around the time Congress was debating a resolution granting the President broad authority to wage war.	Congress was debating a resolution granting the President broad authority to wage war.	1
But Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state only tried to prove its conclusion of suicide, rather than consider the possibility of murder.	So far, Adora Obi Nweze, the NAACP state president, said the state tried to prove suicide rather than considering the possibility of murder.	1
"We can't change the past, but we can do a lot about the future," Sheehan said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon.	I can't change the past, but I can change the future," Sheehan said at a news conference Wednesday afternoon.	1
Subsequently, some bondholders have filed suit to block the exchange offer.	In the future, some bondholders have filed a suit against the exchange offers.	1
Officer Evans did not respond to requests for an interview last week.	Did Officer Evans not answer to requests for interviews last week?	1
The official would not name the leakers for the record and said he had no indication that Mr Bush knew about the calls.	Would the official not name the leakers for the record and said he had no indication that Mr Bush knew about the calls.	1
Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the St Sophia's camp, when the mudslide smashed into two cabins.	A mudslide has smashed into two cabins in St Sophia's Camp. Twenty-eight people were believed to have been spending Christmas Day with the caretaker of the camp.	1
And "although the preconditions for recovery remain in place," it said the prospects for British exports were "weaker than previously expected."	The report said that British exports are "weaker than expected" although the preconditions for recovery remain in place.	1
One, Capt. Doug McDonald, remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday.	One Capt. Doug McDonald, remained in critical condition on Thursday.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.	I.P.S. 500 index. SPX eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.	1
But Odette is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.	The odete is the first to form over the Caribbean Sea in December, the Center said.	1
Announced last week, Apple's iTunes Music Store has sold over 1 million songs in the first week, the company announced on Monday.	Apple Music Store: The US App Store has sold over 1 million songs in the first week, according to the company. Since the announcement on November 1st, the US app store has sold more than a million songs in the first week.	1
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.	The US Dollar is low at $1.1149 against the euro and is close to its strongest level of performance since April 30.	1
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.	(Esq. ) The dollar was last at 1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.	1
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.	USD was last at $1.1149 against the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.	1
The dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.	As the dollar was last at $1.1149 to the euro, close to its strongest level since April 30.	1
Power5, like Power4, includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon.	Power5 is a two core processor that is attached to a single slice of silicon. Power4 is also supported as a single slice.	1
She said in 2003, not one U.S. state had an obesity rate below 15 percent.	In 2003, not one US state had an obesity rate below 15 percent.	1
She said in 2003, not one U.S. state had an obesity rate below 15 percent.	In 2003, not one U.S. state had an obesity rate below 15 percent.	1
She said in 2003, not one U.S. state had an obesity rate below 15 percent.	In 2003, not one American state had obesity rate below 15 percent.	1
She said in 2003, not one U.S. state had an obesity rate below 15 percent.	In 2003, none of the 50 states had obesity rates below 15 percent.	1
Special, sensitive light sensors pick up the telltale glow, he said.	Sensors see telltale glows, the he said. A special, sensitive light sensor picks up the telltale glow, he said.	1
The federal government is approving new pesticides without basic information such as whether they harm children, says Canada's environment commissioner.	Why is the federal government choosing new pesticides without considering child health, say the Canadian Environment Commissioners?	1
Analysts had expected 53 cents a share, according to research firm Thomson First Call.	Thomson First Call says analyst had expected 53 cents a share.	1
But stocks have rallied sharply over the past 3-1/2 months amid hopes for an economic rebound later this year.	Stocks are growing sharply in the past 3 months amid optimism for an economic rebound later this year.	1
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	AMD and Fujitsu are both investors. In total, AMD will own 60 percent of the company and Fujitsu 40 percent.	1
AMD will own a 60 percent interest in the new company and Fujitsu owns 40 percent.	AMD will have 60 percent share in the new company and Fujitsu 40 percent share.	1
He was then given leave to appeal against the sentence to the Supreme Court of Appeal.	If he wanted to appeal, he was given leave by the supreme court of appeal against his sentence.	1
He was then given leave to appeal against the sentence to the Supreme Court of Appeal.	He is now allowed to appeal his sentence to the Supreme Court of Appeal.	1
Songs can be burned to CDs, but the same playlist can only be burned up to five times - Apple's puts the limit at ten burns.	Can a song be burned to a CD, but the same playlist can only be burned five times - Apple's puts the limit at 10 burns.	1
SSE shares were little changed, up 0.3 percent at 654 pence by 1018 GMT, but analysts welcomed the move.	Shares of SSE were trading up 0.3 percent at 654 pence to 1018 GMT, but analysts welcomed the move.	1
The deficit is still expected to top $500 billion in 2004 -- even with an improving economy.	Is the projected deficit of $500 billion in 2004, even with an improving economy?	1
We have already found two trailers, both of which we believe were used for the manufacture of biological weapons.	Both are used in the manufacture of biological weapons, and we believe they are used for this purpose. We have already found two trailers.	1
None of the Prairie Plant Systems marijuana can be distributed until the document is made available, she said.	How can Prairie Plant Systems cannabis be distributed until the document is made available, she said.	1
He reportedly claims Prime Minister Sir Allan Kemakeza had made a deal with him to keep his guns while Harold Keke's group was armed.	He claims that Sir Allan Kemakeza made a deal with the Premier to keep his guns during Harold Keke's armed campaign.	1
In an unusual move, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is reconsidering a patent affecting Internet pages that critics contend could disrupt millions of Web sites.	The U.S. Patent and Trademark Office is reconsidering a patent affecting Internet pages that critics contend could disrupt millions of Web sites. As an unusual move, the U.S. patent and Trademark Office reconsiders the IP affecting Internet pages that critics contend could disrupt millions of Web sites.	1
They returned in 1999 after rebel raids on a neighboring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-building bombings that were blamed on the rebels.	Ils retook in 1999 after rebel raids on a neighboring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-building bombings that were blamed on the rebels.	1
Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.	Do Kansas Department of Health and Environment records show there were 88 abortions performed on girls age 14 and younger last year.	1
According to Sanmina-SCI, Newisys, based in Austin, Texas, will become a wholly-owned subsidiary.	Sanmina-SCI will develop Newisys, based in Austin, Texas, as its wholly-owned subsidiary.	1
Several black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.	What black Democratic leaders were attempting to arrange a meeting with DNC chairman Terry McAuliffe to discuss the layoffs.	1
They also drafted a non-binding priorities list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers.	The other is drafting a non-binding priorities list specifying that a quarter of it may be used to reduce planned 5 percent cuts in fees paid to health-care providers. They also drafted a non-binding priority list.	1
The Thomson First Call consensus was for earnings of 19 cents a share.	Thomson First Call forecast earnings of 19 cents per share.	1
Mr Hadley, who has a new partner and child, said: "I am absolutely delighted.	Hasley, who is having a new partner and a child, said: "I am absolutely delighted. "	1
"I love the Catholic Church with all my heart, mind, soul and strength," said Troy, who spoke quickly but in a steady voice.	I love the Catholic Church. I said it with all my heart, mind, soul and strength," said Troy, who spoke quickly but in a steady voice.	1
Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response and request a hearing before an NASD panel.	Under NASD regulations, Mr. Young can file a response to request a hearing before an NASD panel. His request must be before the panel.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> rose 98.74 points, or 1.12 percent, to 8,949.00.	The Dow Jones industrial average.DJI> rose 98.74 points, or 1.12 percent, to 8,949.00. For the second quarter, the Dow rose 16.31 points. The Dow fell 3.23 points. The Dow rose 3.51 points.	1
Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.	Thomson First Call projected for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.	1
Analysts' consensus estimate from Thomson First Call was for a loss of $2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.	Thomson First Call has estimates of losses of $ 2.08 a share, excluding one-time items.	1
Waiting crowds filling the streets on both sides overwhelmed the peacekeepers soon after daylight, sweeping past the barbed wire barricades.	What started with a large crowd of people rushing into the streets of both sides, overwhelmed the peacekeepers shortly after daylight, sweeping past the barbed wire barricades.	1
Responding later, Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said, "The comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts.	"These accounts have no relation to the facts, but are noteworthy for their sensationalism." In a response, Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said, "The comptroller's statements bear no relation to the facts.	1
The state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.	When the state's population was 6,080,485 in 2000, according to the U.S. census.	1
The other 18 people in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not injured, police spokesman Don Aaron said.	What happened to the other 18 people in the building, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend, were not hurt, police spokesman Don Aaron said.	1
By skirting the FDA's oversight, Eagan said, the quality of the imported drugs is "less predictable" than for those obtained in the United States.	Why is the quality of imported drugs "less predictable" than those obtained in the United States, by skirting the FDA's oversight, said Eagan.	1
He also accused royal courtiers of poisoning the brothers’ “little minds”.	It is his statement that royal courtiers have poisoned the brothers’ little minds.	1
The total for the Johnny Depp swashbuckler rose to $232.8 million.	The Johnny Depp Swashbuckler has been sold for $232.8 million.	1
The total for the Johnny Depp swashbuckler rose to $232.8 million.	The Johnny Depp swashbuckler has been released for $232.8 million.	1
I would like to congratulate Russia on the successful World Climate Change Conference last week.	What a success Russia had in the World Climate Change Conference, which happened last week.	1
He said: "For the first time there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to all."	BBC - For the first time, there is an easy and affordable way of making this treasure trove of BBC content available to everyone.	1
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.	Jim Furyk celebrated his first father's day by winning his first major championship.	1
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.	Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day by winning his first major.	1
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.	Jim Furyk is celebrating his father's day by winning his first major golf championship.	1
Jim Furyk celebrated his first Father's Day as a father by winning his first major golf championship.	Jim Furyk celebrated his father's day by winning his first major championship.	1
"We must not engage in borough warfare," Thompson testified at a budget hearing by the City Council's Finance Committee.	For Thompson, "We must not engage in borough warfare," testified at a budget hearing by the City Council's Finance Committee.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index slipped 3.14 points, or 0.29 percent, to 1,071.99.	The Standard & Poor's 500 index dropped 3.14 points, or 0.29 percent, to 1,071.99. The NASDAQ 500 Index fell 2.49 points, or 0.28 percent, to 1,023.66.	1
He took batting practice on the field for the second time Tuesday since his opening-day injury.	He had his batting practice for the second time Tuesday, after his opening-day injury.	1
The redesigned Finder also features search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows and UNIX file servers.	New Finder for Mac, Windows, and UNIX features: search, coloured labels for customized organization of documents and projects and dynamic browsing of the network for Mac, Windows, and UNIX file servers.	1
But to see those pages, users would be required by Amazon to register, and Amazon plans to limit the amount of any single book a customer can view.	If users want to see books like this they would need to register, as Amazon is limiting the amount of books they can view.	1
Also Thursday, the NYSE's board elected six new directors - three non-industry representatives and three industry representatives.	On Thursday, the NYSE board elected six new directors. The board, in turn, elected three non-industry and three industry representatives.	1
"Mr Gilbertson would have been entitled to these superannuation payments irrespective of ... (how) he left the company," Mr Argus said.	Is Mr Gilbertson entitled to superannuation payments irrespective of... how he left the company," Mr Argus said.	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	Graham said he is recovering from his surgery. He had not really been able to start a campaign.	1
"September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global semiconductor market is rising briskly," George Scalise, the SIA's president, said in the statement.	SIA President George Scalise said in a statement that the semiconductor market is expanding briskly. "September and third-quarter data confirm that demand in the global market is rising briskly."	1
The ISM noted that "with the exception of March 2003, growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002."	"with the exception of March 2003, growth in business activity has been reported by ISM members every month beginning with February 2002," it noted.	1
That investigation closed without any charges being laid.	What can you say is that your investigation is complete and no charges have been filed.	1
Officials at Mortazavi's office and the judiciary declined to respond to Reuters' requests for comment on the accusations.	Do officials at Mortazavi's office and the judiciary declined to respond to Reuters' requests for comment on the allegations.	1
Beagle 2 is attached to Mars Express by what is known as a Spin-Up and Ejection Mechanism (Suem).	What is known as a Spin-Up and Ejection Mechanisms (Suem) for Beagle 2 is attached to Mars Express.	1
"Events on our system, in and of themselves, could not account for the widespread nature of the outage," FirstEnergy Chief Executive Peter Burg told the House panel.	FirstEnergy exec Peter Burg told House panel that "Events on our system, in and of themselves, could not account for the widespread nature of the outage."	1
Kinsley, for example, wrote in the Post Monday: "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number.	"Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number." Kinsley wrote in the Post Monday: "Sinners have long cherished the fantasy that William Bennett, the virtue magnate, might be among our number.	1
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.	Will Vanderpool be available in the next five years?	1
He projected Vanderpool will be available within the next five years.	When Vanderpool is released, as Vanderpool hints it will be available in the next five years.	1
The ambassador said it was up to the Americans to press the Iraqis to make the invitation, which he said the United States appears unwilling to do.	Ambassador: Up to the Americans to press the Iraqis to make the invitation, which the United States appears unwilling to do.	1
In afternoon trading in Europe, France's CAC-40 advanced and Britain's FTSE 100 each gained 0.7 percent, while Germany's DAX index rose 0.6 percent.	For Europe, France and Britain's FTSE 100 are traded better at midday while Germany's DAX index is up 0.63 percent.	1
Florida's primary isn't until March 9 - following 28 other states.	Florida's primary is on March 9th. Florida followed 28 other states.	1
"It still remains to be seen whether the revenue recovery will be short- or long-lived," Sprayregen said.	When will the revenue recovery be short-lived or long-lived, Sprayregen said.	1
Dr. William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of Defense for health affairs, said the vaccine poses little danger.	The vaccine is non-hazardous, according to Dr. William Winkenwerder, assistant secretary of defense for health affairs.	1
There was no way the man could hear him, but he turned in the rescuers' direction, forlorn, hopeless.	If there was no way the man could hear him, but he turned in the rescuers' direction, forlorn, hopeless.	1
A final decision on his fate, including the power of the death penalty, lay with President Bush.	Who are the ultimate judges of the death penalty and what will eventually take place is the decision by President Bush.	1
"And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit.	And about eight to 10 seconds down, I hit. "Hell I hit it.	1
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted.	I m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said on Tuesday after voting from Tuesday s referendum were counted.	1
The two blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits – to their dismay.	Is it true that two blond opponents appeared almost identical in matching powder-blue outfits – to their dismay?	1
The decision unnerved voting officials who already have been warning that they have barely enough time to organize the election before the balloting is scheduled to begin.	What's more, the decision unnerved voting officials who already have been warning that they have barely enough time to organize the election before the balloting is scheduled to begin.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	Standard & Poor's 500 index edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921. If the stock index stayed at the same level for 6 years, the stock index would have stayed at the same level for 7 years.	1
"Allison just proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	How does Alison prove that you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	1
"Allison just proves you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster," said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	How does Allison prove that you don't need to wait until August or September to have a disaster, said Josh Lichter, a meteorologist with the Houston-Galveston weather office.	1
Today, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 2001 attacks.	According to analysts, the United Nations has not a chance to ignore the shifts since the 9/11 attacks.	1
Today, analysts say, UN members can no longer ignore the shifts since the September 11 2001 attacks.	According to experts, the UN can no longer ignore the shifts since 9/11.	1
The seizure of the money was confirmed by a US Treasury official assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad in rebuilding the country's banking and financial system.	When the money was discovered by Iraqi security services, a US Treasury official confirmed it. The official had been assigned to work with Iraqi financial officers in Baghdad to rebuild the country's banking and financial system.	1
That was a reversal from a loss of $35 million, or 20 cents, a year earlier.	I had $35 million a year earlier and I had a loss of 20 cents. When I think of that, I see it as a bounceback from the loss of 20 cents a year earlier.	1
The lawsuit, filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration, names Lay and Skilling among others.	According to the suit filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration, lay and Skilling have been named among others.	1
The lawsuit, filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration, names Lay and Skilling among others.	In the lawsuit, filed after a 19-month investigation by the Employee Benefits Security Administration, names Lay and Skilling among others.	1
Police say CIBA was involved in the importation of qat, a narcotic substance legal in Britain but banned in the United States.	CIBA is dealing with the illegal import of qat, a narcotic in the UK but not in the United States. The narcotic was banned by the U.S. Police.	1
We can make life very difficult for terrorist elements, we can scatter them, we can cut off one head here and one tentacle there.	How can we make life very difficult for terrorist elements, we can scatter them, we can cut off one head here and one tentacle there.	1
Overall, students are most likely to be taught by a 15-year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching, the work-force portrait shows.	The work-force portrait reveals the most likely student to be taught by a 15-year veteran with a growing workload and slightly eroding interest in staying in teaching.	1
According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.	Counties: According to the 2000 Census, Long Beach's Hispanic or Latino population was listed at 35.8 percent.	1
Lewis, the WBC champion, can still fight June 21 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles against another opponent.	Will Lewis, the WBC champion, still fight June 21 at the Staples Center in Los Angeles against another opponent?	1
With 2.3 million members nationwide, the Episcopal Church is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member global Anglican Communion.	The Episcopal Church is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member global Anglican Communion. With 2.3 million members nationwide, the Episcopal Church is the U.S. branch.	1
With 2.3 million members nationwide, the Episcopal Church is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member global Anglican Communion.	Mit 2.3 million members nationwide, the Episcopal Church is the U.S. branch of the 77 million-member global Anglican Communion.	1
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.	Will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.	1
It will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.	I will appear in the next few weeks on the Web site of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.	1
The market's broader gauges also posted big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.	Why did the broader gauges of the market also gained big gains, having climbed higher for four consecutive weeks.	1
Mr. Geoghan had been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3.	GREOGH has been living in a protective custody unit since being transferred to the prison on April 3.	1
WinFS will require that applications be rewritten to exploit such capabilities.	Will winfs require that applications be rewritten to exploit such capabilities.	1
The number of probable cases dropped to 64 on Tuesday from 66 on Monday in and around Toronto, a city of four million people.	In Toronto, the number of probable cases dropped to 64 on Tuesday from 66 on Monday. It's an area with more than four million people.	1
Despite their differences, U.S. and EU leaders said there were areas of agreement.	Although there are many differences, the U.S. and EU both acknowledged there were areas of agreement.	1
Bolland told the News of the World: “I was astonished at Sir Michael’s question.	In interview with News of the World, Sir Michael Bolland wrote: "I was astonished by Sir Michael’s question.	1
He proposed a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster.	Would he submit a system under which it would take fewer and fewer votes to overcome a filibuster?	1
A month ago, the Commerce Department estimated that GDP had grown at a 7.2 percent rate in the third quarter.	In a month, the Commerce Department estimated that GDP growth of 7.2 percent in the third quarter.	1
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.	(Disclaimer) Handspring shareholder/prosecutor will earn 0.09 of a share of palm (and no shares of PalmSource) for each share of Handspring common stock. Handspring will receive $0.09 of a share in Handspring for each share of Common Stock (Inc. May 2011) The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders $0.09 of a share of palm (inc. May 2011)	1
The transaction will grant Handspring stockholders 0.09 of a share of Palm--and no shares of PalmSource--for each share of Handspring common stock.	Each share of Handspring common stock will be redeemed with the transaction credited with 0.09 of a share of Palm (and no shares of PalmSource), for each share of Handspring.	1
Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.	What do you think? Shares of San Diego-based Jack In The Box closed at $21.49, up 78 cents, or 3.8 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
The most recent was in 1998, when Dr Barnett Slepian was killed in his home in Amherst, New York.	In 1998, the Doctor Barnett Slepian was killed in his home in Amherst, New York.	1
The most recent was in 1998, when Dr Barnett Slepian was killed in his home in Amherst, New York.	What happened in 1998, when Dr Barnett Slepian was killed in his home in Amherst, New York.	1
Cabrera was called up to help in left field because Todd Hollandsworth has not been productive.	enrique Cabrera was asked to help in left field because Todd Hollandsworth is not productive.	1
Months later, another clinic doctor, Dr. Wayne Patterson, was killed away from the clinic.	One month after he left the clinic, another doctor, Dr. Wayne Patterson, was killed.	1
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners nearly 2 to 1 on the New York Stock Exchange.	On the New York Stock Exchange, advancing issuers outnumbered decliners nearly 2 to 1.	1
Ernst & Young has denied any wrongdoing and plans to fight the allegations.	Ernst & Young denies wrongdoing. It plans to fight.	1
In the year-ago period, Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.	The year-ago period at Pearson posted a 26 million pre-tax profit.	1
DeVries did make one stop in town Wednesday - registering as a sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.	Did DeVries made one stop in town Wednesday - registering as sex offender at the Soledad Police Department.	1
Air Transport Association spokeswoman Diana Cronan said that travel was down in May through July and that she also expected it to be off over Labor Day.	Diana Cronan: "Air transport is down in May through July"..but it will be off over Labor Day.	1
"NASA's organizational culture and structure had as much to do with this accident as the (loose) foam."	Is there any hint that the Nasa's organizational culture and structure had as much to do with this accident as the (loose) foam?	1
Durst was acquitted this week in the murder of his elderly neighbor, 71-year-old Morris Black.	Matthew Durst acquitted this week in the murder of his neighbor, 71-year-old Morris Black.	1
They are due to appear in the Brisbane Magistrates Court today.	In Brisbane, a couple of people are due to appear before the Brisbane Magistrates Court today.	1
They are due to appear in the Brisbane Magistrates Court today.	In Brisbane today, the defendants are due to appear before the Brisbane Magistrates Court.	1
Shares closed on NASDAQ just below their 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.	NASDAQ closed just below its 52-week high, at $32.17, up $1.54.	1
Some state lawmakers say they remain hopeful Bush will sign it, though they acknowledge pressure on the governor to do otherwise.	How many state lawmakers are hopeful that Bush will sign the document, though they acknowledge pressure on the governor to do otherwise.	1
A total of 114 soldiers were killed in the active combat phase that began March 20.	In the active combat phase between March 20th and March 20th, a total of 114 soldiers were killed.	1
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.	Is it true that Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or disclaimer?	1
"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Heyer said in a statement.	"Dan brings enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Heyer said in a statement. "He brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing these brands.	1
Representatives of abuse victims were dismayed by the development.	Reps of abuse victims were shocked by the development.	1
Representatives of abuse victims were dismayed by the development.	Reps of abuse victims were horrified by the development.	1
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's underwear.	Bloodsworth's case was cleared of all charges. A semen stain was found on the victim's underwear.	1
Bloodsworth was ultimately cleared with evidence gathered from a semen stain on the victim's underwear.	Bloodsworth's wound was eventually cleared after a semen stain was found on his underwear.	1
Unemployment across the state fell a half of a percentage point last month to 6.1 percent from August's mark of 6.6 percent.	In the state, unemployment fell from 6.6 percent in August to 6.1 percent in August. That is a small percentage.	1
No company employee has received an individual target letter at this time.	In your organization no individual has received target letter at this time.	1
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.	The House of Representatives is the other chamber of Congress but does not vote on foreign alliances. Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress does not vote on foreign alliances.	1
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.	According to the U.S. Constitution, the House of Representatives does not vote on foreign alliances.	1
Under the U.S. Constitution, the other chamber of Congress, the House of Representatives, does not vote on foreign alliances.	Under the U.S. Constitution, the House of Representatives does not vote on foreign alliances.	1
Shares in Wal-Mart closed at $58.28, up 16 cents, in Tuesday trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	What happened to the Wal-Mart shares? Shares closed at $58.28, up 16 cents, in Tuesday trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
In 2002, the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee took in $18,009 from moonlighting as a songwriter, according to his latest Senate financial disclosure.	Is the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee in 2002 earning $18,009 from moonlighting as a songwriter, according to his latest Senate financial disclosure?	1
Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon had tried to sell the story during the World Cup.	Ms Cohen Alon had attempted to sell the story at the World Cup. Mr Levine confirmed that Ms Cohen Alon was tried to sell the story.	1
With the economy sluggish, producers have had a tough time trying to raise prices.	As the economy is struggling, farmers have had a hard time trying to raise their prices.	1
Easynews Inc. was subpoenaed late last week by the FBI, which was seeking account information related to the uploading of the virus to the ISP's Usenet news group server.	After the upload of the virus to the ISP's Usenet news group server, Easynews Inc. was subpoenaed last week by the FBI, which was seeking account information.	1
Easynews Inc. was subpoenaed late last week by the FBI, which was seeking account information related to the uploading of the virus to the ISP's Usenet news group server.	When the FBI subpoenaed Easynews Inc. late last week it said they were seeking account information related to the uploading of the virus to the ISP's usenet news group server.	1
He allegedly told his ex-wife in an angry phone call that he had no intention of following their new custody agreement.	The man apparently told his ex-wife he had no intention of pursuing their new custody agreement after his phone call allegedly showed his anger.	1
Prior to joining Kodak, Palumbo worked for Procter & Gamble Corp., where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo.	Before joining Kodak, Palumbo worked at Procter & Gamble where he managed products such as Folgers and Pantene shampoo. He now joins Kodak.	1
But Davis adviser Roger Salazar said the governor's focus is on his job, not the recall petition.	Roger Salazar, a Davis adviser, said the governor's focus is on his job not the recall petition.	1
But Davis adviser Roger Salazar said the governor's focus is on his job, not the recall petition.	Roger Salazar is the governor's adviser. Davis said the governor's focus is on his job and not the recall petition.	1
"He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell," Nicky Webster, a spokesman for Hempleman-Adams, said.	What happened when the balloon shuddered and fell, Nicky Webster, who is a spokesman for Hempleman-Adams, said. "He just heard two huge bangs and the balloon shuddered and fell," Nicky Webster said.	1
The long-running newsmagazine Dateline NBC has been cut from three to two airings per week and is searching for a replacement for retiring co-anchor Jane Pauley.	It's official: The Long-running newsmagazine Dateline NBC has been cut from three to two airings per week and is looking for a replacement for retired co-anchor Jane Pauley.	1
Each count has a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and $1 million fine.	What are the penalties for each count with a maximum term of 10 years in prison and $1 million in fines?	1
Cruz came to the United States in 1960, a year after the Cuban revolution.	Is it true that Cruz came to the United States in 1960, one year after the Cuban revolution?	1
The Association of South East Asian Nations groups Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam.	AAS Groups Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, Philippines, Singapore, Thailand, and Vietnam.	1
The fight about online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court Monday.	How was the fight about online music sales disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court Monday.	1
The dollar's slide against the yen was curbed by wariness that Japanese authorities could intervene to stem the yen's rise.	Despite dollar's fall against yen, the Japanese are still reluctant to intervene to stem the yen's rise.	1
Democratic Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamante and Republican state Sen. Tom McClintock are in different political worlds.	GOP Sen. Tom McClintock and Democratic Lt. Gov. Cruz Bustamante are in different political worlds.	1
The other 18 people inside the building -- two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend -- escaped unharmed, Aaron said.	(The other 18 people inside the building -- two visitors and 16 employees, including Harrison's ex-girlfriend -- escaped unharmed, Aaron said.) Harrison's room was open 24 hours before shooting. He said he had no thoughts of his friend coming home and that everyone inside was not hurt, Aaron said.	1
BT said the combination would have an immediate impact on subscriptions with 60,000 additional customers between September and March, 2004.	Its been reported by BT that the acquisition of 60,000 new subscribers will have an impact on subscriptions between September and March 2004.	1
The King of Prussia-based company could liquidate the other two chains if it cannot find a buyer by then, the company said.	If the King of Prussia doesn't find a buyer by now, it could liquidate the remaining chains, the company said.	1
He has declined to comment on the charges, but court documents indicate a lingering medical problem could be part of his defense.	Has declined to comment on the charges, but court documents indicate a lingering medical problem could be part of his defense.	1
They used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.	If they had done the experiments on consenting patients and undergone surgery, they used discarded skin from consenting patients who had undergone surgery and exposed it to UVA light at intensities similar to that of sunlight.	1
And Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore, who installed the monument in the courthouse two years ago, said he will fight to keep his job.	But Roy Moore, the Alabama chief justice, will not leave his job. He signed a monument on his jailhouse bench and got off fired. And Moore, who made the monument last year, says that he will defend his job.	1
Blagojevich reiterated his stance Wednesday to not prop up the budget with a gambling expansion.	The prime minister to hold the budget again.. Blagojevich again re-reiterated his stance on Wednesday to not prop up the budget with a gambling expansion.	1
Intel Corp. narrowed its fourth-quarter sales estimate to the top end of earlier estimates Thursday, anticipating that customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.	Intel says it has closed the fourth quarter revenue forecast to $134 million, up from $117 million. It is anticipating customers will buy more personal computers during the key holiday season.	1
Many women complain that they become more forgetful around the time of menopause, and some doctors believe that hormonal changes are the reason.	Many women complain about forgetfulness during menopause, and some doctor believe that hormonal changes are the reason.	1
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter, IBM said in a statement.	In a statement issued by IBM, the SEC advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter. IBM also acknowledged that it is not investigating any criminal activity.	1
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter, IBM said in a statement.	IBM said the SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.	1
The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter, IBM said in a statement.	IBM: The SEC specifically advised IBM that this is a fact-finding investigation and that it has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.	1
"His advice to the House Republicans is to pass it, to send it to him, so he can sign it."	What does he suggest to House Republicans: "Faye send it to him so he can sign it. "	1
"His advice to the House Republicans is to pass it, to send it to him, so he can sign it."	Hes advice to House Republicans is to pass it, to send it to him, so he can sign it.	1
At his request, he will be reassigned within the district.	He will be reassigned within the district as a consequence of his request.	1
The US Federal Trade Commission has also filed a lawsuit challenging Rambus.	In a suit, the US Federal Trade Commission challenged Rambus.	1
Andrew M. Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy Cuomo plan to divorce.	Andrew M. Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy Cuomo. plan to get divorced.	1
Andrew M. Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy Cuomo plan to divorce.	Andrew Cuomo and Kerry Kennedy Cuomo are separating.	1
That would give smokers the right to take complaints to the Human Rights Commission or Human Rights Review Tribunal.	Would giving smokers the right to file complaints with the Human Rights Commission or Human Rights Review Tribunal?	1
That would give smokers the right to take complaints to the Human Rights Commission or Human Rights Review Tribunal.	If a smoker would be exempt, then he/she can sue at the Human Rights Commission or in a tribunal.	1
Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life-support.	After his wife's death and their son's euthanasia bid, their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight. He was placed in a coma and was put on life support.	1
Brian Florence, 38, died Sept. 25 of a heart attack in Alexandria, said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz.	Maranda Fritz: Brian Florence, 38, died Sept. 25 of a heart attack in Alexandria, said the couple's lawyer, Maranda Fritz.	1
A West Knoxville restaurant has reported several cases of hepatitis A to the Knox County Health Department.	Is it true that a West Knoxville restaurant has reported several cases of hepatitis A to the Knox County Health Department?	1
The review outlines the tariffs' impact on domestic steel industry and steel consumers halfway through the three-year program.	What is tariffs impacting domestic steel industry and steel consumer halfway through the three year program?	1
The review outlines the tariffs' impact on domestic steel industry and steel consumers halfway through the three-year program.	What is the impact of the tariffs on domestic steel industry and steel consumers halfway through the three year program?	1
The Prime Ministers of China, Russia and four central Asian nations have met in Beijing and approved a budget for their regional security grouping.	In Beijing, the Prime Ministers of China, Russia and four Central Asian nations have approved a budget for their regional security grouping.	1
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.	Will it cost about $20,000 per eight week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.	1
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.	Would it cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.	1
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.	How much does it cost $20,000 to treat an eight week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.	1
It will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.	If I injected an eight-week course of cancer treatment, it will cost about $20,000 per eight-week course of treatment, comparable to other injected cancer therapies, a spokeswoman said.	1
The OneNote note-taking tool is listed at £169.99 while the InfoPath XML (Extensible Markup Language) data gathering application is priced at £179.99.	Is the OneNote Note-taking tool on sale for £169.99 while the InfoPath XML (Extensible Markup Language) data gathering application is priced at £179.99?	1
The current plan is to release the videotapes of the sessions, after U.S. review, on Friday, said Jim Landale, a spokesman for the tribunal.	When the videotapes of the sessions are released after U.S. review, the current plan is to release them on Friday, said Jim Landale, a spokesman for the tribunal.	1
Forty to 50 years ago, the ratio was 3 to 1, Kessler said, and 10 years ago, it was 2 to 1.	This was 3 to 1 when Kessler said forty to 50 years ago and 10 years ago, it was 2 to 1.	1
Forty to 50 years ago, the ratio was 3 to 1, Kessler said, and 10 years ago, it was 2 to 1.	Since Kessler, 50 years ago, the ratio was 3 to 1 and 10 years ago, it was 2 to 1. At the time, Kessler said, the ratio had been 3 to 1 and the ratio was 2 to 1.	1
Before addressing the economy, Bush discussed the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia, which killed as many as 29 people, including seven Americans.	Before we had the economics, President Bush talked about the Saudi Arabia attacks, which killed as many as 29 people, including seven Americans.	1
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.	Senators John Kerry and Bob Graham declined to speak.	1
Sens. John Kerry and Bob Graham declined invitations to speak.	What was your take on John Kerry and Bob Graham. They both declined to speak.	1
Senate passage of the Medicare bill was almost certain, possibly as early as today.	If the Medicare bill was passed by the Senate, it could easily be approved by the Senate as early as today.	1
SARS has also taken a toll on Taiwan's economy, as it has on economies across the region, hammering consumer spending and leaving shops, restaurants and airports empty.	How does SARS have affected Taiwan's economy and are affected across the region, hammering consumer spending and leaving shops, restaurants and airports empty.	1
SARS has also taken a toll on Taiwan's economy, as it has on economies across the region, hammering consumer spending and leaving shops, restaurants and airports empty.	Has SARS taken a toll on Taiwan's economy as it has on economies across the region, hammering consumer spending and leaving shops, restaurants and airports empty.	1
Minister Saud al-Faisal visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.	Ministre Saud al-Faisal visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.	1
Spot gold was quoted at $367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, having marched up to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.	When the spot gold was quoted at 367.90/368.60 an ounce at 1000 GMT, the price rose to $369.50 -- a level not seen since February 10.	1
Parson has been charged on one count of intentionally causing or attempting to cause damage to a computer.	Chris Parson was charged with infracting a computer.	1
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.	No picture of Peter Hollingworth is in June issue examined by Herald yesterday.	1
The bank also said its offer was subject to the agreement of Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003.	Drax's hedging offer was also subject to the agreement of Drax's senior banks, senior bond holders and hedging banks by 30 September 2003.	1
Hill, 50, would be the first person executed for killing an abortion doctor.	If executed for the murder of an abortion doctor, Bill Hill, 50, would be the first person to be executed for the crime.	1
The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the federal agency that runs Medicare, last year began a similar effort for nursing homes.	Is it true that the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, the federal agency that runs Medicare, started a similar effort for nursing homes last year?	1
The Nasdaq composite index fell 25.17, or 1.4 percent, to 1,792.07 following a loss of 26.46 the previous session.	Stocks index fell 26.46 in last 24 hours. Nasdaq composite index fell 30.47, or 1.4 percent, to 1,783.70 on a yearly basis.	1
"He said they were in distress," said Kingsville Police Chief Sam Granato.	"They were in distress" said Kingsville Police Chief Sam Granato.	1
But none of them opposed the idea outright, ministers said.	In brief, ministers said that no one opposed the idea.	1
No one has been killed in the attacks, which have continued despite major setbacks for al Qaeda in a battle with Saudi security forces.	Has al Qaeda killed anyone yet in the attacks, which have continued despite major setbacks for al Qaeda in a battle with Saudi security forces?	1
The company also earned 14 cents a share a year earlier.	Also a year ago, the company also earned 14 cents a share.	1
That ought to be the standard — not how many people sign up," he said.	What should be the standard "not how many people sign up," he added.	1
That ought to be the standard — not how many people sign up," he said.	What should be the standard, and not how many people sign up?"	1
That ought to be the standard — not how many people sign up," he said.	What should be the standard — not how many people sign up."	1
Among three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is wining the battle for independents and crossover voters.	From the three major candidates, Schwarzenegger is winning the battle for independents and crossover voters.	1
The chief merchandising officer decides what the store is going to sell, giving it a signature to attract shoppers and hopefully lure them back.	What does the chief merchandising officer decide in store to sell, giving it a signature to attract shoppers and hopefully lure them back. What does the chief merchandising officer have to do?	1
The chief merchandising officer decides what the store is going to sell, giving it a signature to attract shoppers and hopefully lure them back.	When doing business, the chief merchandising officer decides how the store will sell and gives it a signature. It helps attract the customers back.	1
A representative for Phoenix-based U-Haul declined to comment on the case before the judge's opinion was released.	In Phoenix, U-Haul refused to comment on the case before the judge's opinion was released.	1
He has also directed "The Flintstones," "Beethoven," and "Jingle All The Way."	Has directed "The Flintstones," "Beethoven," and "Jingle All The Way".	1
He has also directed "The Flintstones," "Beethoven," and "Jingle All The Way."	He directed several movies including The Flintstones, "Beethoven," "Jingle All The Way."	1
As he left court, McCartney cast one long angry glare at Amrozi, who almost hid behind his lawyer to the side.	In the background of McCartney leaving court, he cast one long angry glare at Amrozi, who almost hid behind his lawyer to the side.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, at 10,557, hitting its highest level in 21 months.	At 10,557, the Dow Jones industrial average.DJI> added 28 points, or 0.27 percent, hitting its highest level in 21 months. The trading session for March ended February 30.	1
The FTC also asked the judge to suspend his ruling pending its appeal.	The FTC had also asked the judge to suspend his decision to hear its appeal.	1
The Democratic candidates also began announcing their fund-raising totals before Wednesday's deadline to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission.	As of Wednesday, the Democratic candidates have announced their fund-raising totals before the deadline to file quarterly reports with the Federal Election Commission.	1
Even the pizza man took part, delivering a flier with the missing girl's picture along with the pizza and a two-liter bottle of Pepsi to Cruz's house.	Besides delivering the pizza and a bottle of Pepsi to Cruz's house, even the pizza man took part, delivering a flier with the missing girl's picture along with the pizza and a two-liter bottle of Pepsi to Cruz's house.	1
Even the pizza man took part, delivering a flier with the missing girl's picture along with the pizza and a two-liter bottle of Pepsi to Cruz's house.	And then in Cruz's house the man took part, delivering a flier with the missing girl's picture along with a pizza and a two-liter bottle of Pepsi.	1
The Institute for Supply Management said its index of non-manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.	As per an IAS report the index of non manufacturing activity rose to 50.7 from 47.9 in March.	1
It will also boost SuSE's sales reach worldwide and enhance HP's Linux business, they said.	Will SuSE's sales reach worldwide and enhance HP's Linux business, they said.	1
To create the condyle, Dr Mao and colleague Adel Alhadlaq used adult stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats.	And for the condyle, Dr Mao and colleague Adel Alhadlaq used adult stem cells taken from the bone marrow of rats to create the condyle.	1
New research indicates that some 540,000 high-tech jobs were lost in the United States during 2002.	In the US, a new study indicates that the number of high-tech jobs lost in 2002 was 540,000.	1
Mel Gibson's passion-stirring Biblical epic "The Passion of Christ" will open in the United States on Feb. 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.	Mel Gibson's "The Passion of Christ" is coming to the United States on February 25 - Ash Wednesday on the Roman Catholic calendar.	1
Illinois State Police accident reconstruction experts were investigating the cause.	Ill. State Police accident reconstruction engineers were investigating the cause.	1
Illinois State Police accident reconstruction experts were investigating the cause.	When the Illinois State Police accident reconstruction experts were investigating the cause.	1
Prosecutors said PW Marketing violated the state's 1998 anti-spam law by sending unsolicited e-mail without a toll-free number for recipients to call to stop additional mailings.	In court, the state's 1998 anti-spam law was violated by PW Marketing, which sent unsolicited e-mails without a toll-free number for recipients to call to stop additional mailings.	1
They were released to authorities after officers delivered the soda to the gunman, using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door.	The six-packs were released after officers delivered the soda to the gunman using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door.	1
The children were last seen July 4 at a fireworks display in Concord with their father, Manuel Gehring.	When Manuel Gehring and his family last saw the children, they were last seen July 4 at a fireworks display in Concord.	1
The hall will be home to the Los Angeles Philharmonic and the LA Master Chorale.	This is the space where the Los Angeles Philharmonic and the LA Master Chorale will perform.	1
The hall will be home to the Los Angeles Philharmonic and the LA Master Chorale.	In the hall, the Los Angeles Philharmonic will perform. The LA Master Chorale will also perform.	1
Kerry Kennedy Cuomo and Andrew Cuomo have been married 13 years.	Kilary Kennedy Cuomo and Andrew Cuomo have been married 13 years.	1
The Senate majority leader, Bill Frist, Republican of Tennessee, said he hoped Congress would finish work on the legislation by the end of September.	In the Senate majority leader Bill Frist, Republican of Tennessee, said he hoped Congress would finish work on the bill by the end of September.	1
The state wants to lower wolf numbers in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.	Does the state want to reduce wolf population in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath?	1
It was expected to raise the $90 million McGreevey expected.	He was expected to raise the $90 million McGreevey expected.	1
O'Donnell wrote in her autobiography, "Find Me," that she was "an abused child."	How did O'Donnell think in her memoir, "Find Me," she was "an abused child."	1
O'Donnell wrote in her autobiography, "Find Me," that she was "an abused child."	A woman, O'Donnell wrote in her autobiography, "Find Me," that she was "an abused child."	1
"The risk of inflation becoming undesirably low remains the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the Fed said in a statement accompanying the unanimous decision.	If inflation becomes undesirably low, then it will be the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," Fed said in a statement accompanying the unanimous decision.	1
The attack on the al-Rashid Hotel, during the visit of Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz underscores the nature of the problem.	How did the attack on al-Rashid Hotel, during the visit of Deputy Defence Secretary Paul Wolfowitz underscore the nature of the problem.	1
The United States wants the measure passed by June 3, when the oil-for-food program needs to be renewed.	When the oil-for-food program is due to be renewed, the U.S. wants to pass the measure by June 3.	1
The United States wants the measure passed by June 3, when the oil-for-food program needs to be renewed.	If oil is for food, the u.s. wants the measure passed by June 3 when the oil-for-food program needs to be renewed.	1
Police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang confirmed Saturday that another two had been arrested, one in Jakarta and another in Magelang, Central Java.	Two people were arrested in Jakarta and Magelang (Central Java), according to police spokesman Brig. Gen. Edward Aritonang.	1
Late last year, for example, more than 1800 US soldiers were placed in Djibouti to conduct counter-terrorism operations in the Horn of Africa.	More than 700 US soldiers were placed in Djibouti, Africa for counter-terrorism operations. The last year, for example, more than 1800 US soldiers were placed in Djibouti to conduct counter-terrorism operations in the Horn of Africa.	1
The bureau report shows significant increases in uninsured rates occurred among whites, blacks, people 18 to 24, and middle- and higher-income earners nationwide.	In the U.S., the Bureau of Economic Research reported that the uninsured rate increased among whites, blacks, people 18 to 24, and middle- and higher-income earners nationwide. The Bureau report found that the bureau report shows significant increases in uninsured rates occurred among whites, blacks, people 18 to 24, and people 18 to 24.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.The Nasdaq Composite Index (Nasdaq) posted 8.58 points on Tuesday. The Composite Index was down 1.2 percent to 1,633.42. The Nasdaq Composite Index (Nasdaq) on Thursday.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC> added 8.27 points, or 0.51 percent, to 1,633.53. The Nasdaq Composite Index, Inc. (Nasdaq:Nasdaq) added 0.10 points, or 0.51 percent, to 7,850.53.	1
Carlow and his group peddled drugs by forging paperwork showing the shipments' prior owners.	How did Carlow's group peddle drugs by forging paperwork showing the shipments' prior owners?	1
They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's," said Schooff.	So that the people who dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's are making sure to dotted all the I's, said Schooff.	1
They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's," said Schooff.	Who were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's" said Schooff.	1
They were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's," said Schooff.	When they were making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's, they were just making sure they dotted all the I's and crossed all the T's," said Schooff.	1
The comment period was to have expired on Monday.	Was the comment period due to end on Monday?	1
It even struck a deal for distribution and advertising with popular P2P service Grokster.	UPDATED: It struck a deal for distribution and advertising with popular P2P service Grokster.	1
The group criticizing Schwarzenegger, the League of United Latin American Citizens, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Latinos.	When it comes to the League of United Latin American Citizens, the criticizing Schwarzenegger, said the Austrian-born actor's advisory board position brings into question his commitment to Latinos.	1
He said European governments "have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	In Europe, European governments have blocked all new bio-crops because of unfounded, unscientific fears.	1
Market sentiment was subdued after International Business Machines Inc. IBM.N said U.S. securities regulators were investigating the accounting of the world's largest computer company.	International Business Machines Inc. said U.S. securities regulators were investigating the accounting of the world's largest computer company. Market sentiment was subdued after International Business Machines Inc. said U.S. securities regulators were investigating the accounting of the World's largest computer company.	1
Market sentiment was subdued after International Business Machines Inc. IBM.N said U.S. securities regulators were investigating the accounting of the world's largest computer company.	After International Business Machines Inc. said U.S. securities regulators were investigating the accounting of the world's largest computer company, the market sentiment was subdued.	1
Oh yeah, Miami, Boston College and Syracuse leaving the Big East to take a seat in the Atlantic Coast Conference.	Miami, Boston College and Syracuse all leaving the Big East to become the Atlantic Coast Conference. Ooh yeah.	1
U.S. forces recently apprehended some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them.	Is it true that US forces recently arrested some 40 suspected foreign militants near the Syrian border and are now interrogating them?	1
They suspect the same anarchist group that claimed responsibility for the Dec. 21 explosions near his house, according to Italian news agency ANSA.	This is the same Anarchist group that claimed responsibility for the Dec. 21 explosions near his house, according to Italian news agency ANSA.	1
Supporters say a city casino will attract tourists and conventioneers who will gamble and spend money in restaurants and stores.	Do supporters of the city casino say it would attract tourists and conventioneers who would gamble and spend money in restaurants and stores?	1
North American markets finished mixed in directionless trading Monday as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators move into the spotlight.	North American stocks closed mixed in directionless trading, as earnings season starts to slow and economic indicators move into the spotlight.	1
Mosel was unable to present financial statements in time due to mergers among subsidiaries and a change of accountants, the company said on Monday.	Mosel announced on Monday that the Company will not be able to release the financial statements of the companies due to the merger of its subsidiaries and the change of accountants. Mosel said today that it was unable to present the financial statement on Wednesday.	1
A navy official on the scene said divers were scanning the river bed with metal finders before rain drove them to shore.	When the rain hit the riverbed, divers tried to search it. A navy official said they were scanning the river bed with metal finders.	1
A navy official on the scene said divers were scanning the river bed with metal finders before rain drove them to shore.	As the rain began to subside, a navy official on the scene said divers were scanning the river bed with metal finders and then landed on shore.	1
At first blush, then, the distinction drawn by the creators of the do-not-call registry would seem to draw the line in precisely the right place.	When the creators of Do Not Call tend to draw the line in exactly the right place, however, the distinction will seem to lay the point.	1
They said no decisions had been made about how many troops would be moved, where they would come from, or where they would end up.	What do they say is no decision had been made about how many troops would be moved, where they would come from, or where they would end up.	1
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .	Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N., SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N. Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N., SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N..	1
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .	Similar deals made by Cisco, AT&T Corp. T.N., SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N.	1
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .	Cisco has signed similar deal with AT&T Corp. T.N., SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N. "Cisco has signed similar deals"	1
Cisco has signed similar deals with AT&T Corp. T.N , SBC Communications Inc. SBC.N and Sprint Corp. FON.N .	Cisco is a firm that signed similar deals with AT&T, Sprint, i-T, SBC and others. Cisco is a brand that has entered similar deals with AT&T.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average advanced for the fourth week in a row.	Dow Jones industrial average has advanced in fourth week.	1
But Ms Ward said the headroom under its financial covenants was "tight" and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants.	Ms Ward said Southcorp was under its financial covenant and that the headroom in its financial covenants was "tight" and that there could be another downgrade if Southcorp breached any of its banking covenants.	1
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.	Who is missing, Al Larsen, 31, from Fort Worth, Texas, who is in another vehicle that swept off the turnpike?	1
He also could be barred permanently from the securities industry.	Would he be permanently barred from the securities industry?	1
The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first one to buck the national group's stance.	The Cradle of Liberty Council isn't the first to change the National Organization's stance.	1
It would be cumbersome for restaurants that serve different meals each day, she said.	If restaurants are to serve different meals every day, she said it would be cumbersome.	1
Today, we preserve essential tools to foster voice competition in the local market.	Modern voice competition in the local market, and retaining essential tools to foster it.	1
"The discovery that the MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it is almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation," it said in a statement.	MAP bug is present in the vast majority of Crohn's sufferers means it almost certainly causing the intestinal inflammation, it said in a statement.	1
A big surge in consumer confidence has provided the only positive economic news in recent weeks.	In today's economic week, a big surge in consumer confidence has provided the only positive news in recent weeks.	1
He added: ``I've never heard of more reprehensiblebehaviour by a doctor.	I've never heard of more reprehensible behavior by a doctor.’	1
He added: ``I've never heard of more reprehensiblebehaviour by a doctor.	I've never heard of any more reprehensible behavior by a doctor,' he added.	1
He added: ``I've never heard of more reprehensiblebehaviour by a doctor.	I have never heard of more reprehensible behavior by a doctor.'	1
"I have heard the people of New York say, 'Enough is enough,' " Pataki said. "	"The people of New York say 'Enough is enough' " Pataki said.	1
"I have heard the people of New York say, 'Enough is enough,' " Pataki said. "	"Enough is enough," Pataki said. "I've heard the people of New York say "Enough is enough"	1
"I have heard the people of New York say, 'Enough is enough,' " Pataki said. "	I know that people in New York say that 'Enough is enough'. " Pataki said.	1
The government says the changes are necessary if Israel is to compete successfully in the global marketplace and attract investment.	If Israel is to be competitive in the global marketplace and attract investment, the government says the changes are necessary.	1
Diana was at her lowest ebb when she wrote the letter to Paul Burrell claiming there was a plot to kill her.	When Diana wrote to Paul Burrell that there was a plot to kill her, it is clear that she was at her lowest ebb.	1
Massachusetts does not have a state death penalty, and only once before - in Michigan - has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment.	What states have death penalty laws? Massachusetts has not, but only once in Michigan has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment.	1
We caught this ... and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	How was this caught, and haven't sent it into the blood supply," said Dr. Dale Towns, CBS Calgary medical director.	1
Other staff members, however, defended the document, saying it would still help policy-makers and the agency improve efforts to address the climate issue.	What other staff members do not oppose the document, saying it would still help policy-makers and the agency improve efforts to address the climate issue.	1
The Senate's proposal will need the support of the Democrat-led Assembly and Pataki to become law.	This Senate Bill would require the vote of the Democrat-led Assembly and Pataki to be signed.	1
The stock lost about 75 percent of its value after that bombshell and remains 40 percent below pre-disclosure levels.	After the explosion, the stock fell about 75 percent and is still 40 percent below the level of the previous disclosure.	1
China would become only the third nation to put a human in space.	If China put a human on space, it will become the third country in the world to do so.	1
China would become only the third nation to put a human in space.	If China were to successfully launch a human into space, it would become the third country that has done so.	1
ImClone Systems Inc. and Genentech Inc. led shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.	Is Genentech Inc. and ImClone Systems Inc. leading shares of U.S. biotechnology companies higher after medicines they are developing helped cancer patients in studies.	1
Kelly Boggs' column will appear daily during the June 17-18 Southern Baptist Convention annual meeting in Phoenix.	The Southern Baptist Convention’s Annual Meeting is June 17-18 in Phoenix. Kelly Boggs will be writing every day.	1
This is the only planet that has been found in orbit around a binary star system.	The only planet that has been discovered orbiting a binary star.	1
This is the only planet that has been found in orbit around a binary star system.	This is the only planet to orbit a binary star system.	1
The equivalent of 75,000 55-gallon barrels of waste thought to contain transuranic waste are stored underground at Hanford.	What is the equivalent of 75,000 55-gallon barrels of transuranic waste stored underground in Hanford?	1
Officials said all three would be charged with conspiracy to commit murder.	All three will face charges of conspiracy to murder.	1
Officials said all three would be charged with conspiracy to commit murder.	All three will be charged with conspiracy to commit murder.	1
Officials said all three would be charged with conspiracy to commit murder.	All three will face conspiracy charges of murder.	1
Less than 20 percent of Boise's sales would come from making lumber and paper after the OfficeMax purchase is completed.	If the OfficeMax transaction were completed, less than 20 percent of Boise's revenue would come from making lumber and paper.	1
Less than 20 percent of Boise's sales would come from making lumber and paper after the OfficeMax purchase is completed.	After OfficeMax, less than 20 percent of Boise's sales would come from lumber and paper. Less than 20 percent of Boise's sales would come from making lumber and paper.	1
But they are split over whether the Fed will acknowledge risks are tilted toward weakness, or say they are balanced.	How do they support Fed decision to say that the risks are tilted toward weakness, or to say they are balanced?	1
The seventh person charged in the case - Habis Abdu al Saoub - remains at large.	Habis Abdu Al Saoub, the seventh defendant, is still at large.	1
The seventh person charged in the case - Habis Abdu al Saoub - remains at large.	Habis Abdu al Saoub, a seventh suspect, remains at large.	1
The Bank of England starts its two-day meeting on Wednesday, but was expected to leave British interest rates steady.	The Bank of England has started its two-day meeting on Wednesday. This means that it will continue to keep its interest rates unchanged for the next two days.	1
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.	Thomson First Call: Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share.	1
Annika Sorenstam gets her first opportunity to test that objective this week at the McDonald's LPGA Championship.	Can Annika Sorenstam get her first taste of the objective at the McDonald's LPGA Championships this week?	1
The dollar gained against the euro, yen and Swiss franc after September U.S. retail sales figures came in slightly weaker than consensus forecasts.	Whoops, the dollar gained against the euro, yen and Swiss franc after September U.S. retail sales figures came in slightly weaker than consensus forecasts.	1
He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept.	On the one hand, the illusion may seem unreal because of how little effort has been devoted to it. The second hand, the realization may seem unrealistic.	1
"And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting."	If you are a Democratic, it means that I am at the wrong meeting.	1
"And if that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting."	"And if he's not a Democrat, then I'm in the wrong meeting."	1
"After what happened here ... it's tacky and unpatriotic," said JoAnn Marquis, visiting the site with her husband from Salem, Mass.	"At this point in time, it was stupid and unpatriotic," said JoAnn Marquis, visiting the site with her husband from Salem, Mass.	1
He also called Hovan a "person of good reputation" who had worked as a bus driver since 1967.	Hovan has a "person of good reputation" who has been a bus driver since 1967.	1
The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> was down 10/32 for a yield of 4.91 percent, up from 4.89 percent late Thursday.	US30YT=RR> was down 10/32 for a yield of 4.91 percent, up from 4.89 percent late Thursday.	1
The companies also announced plans to collaborate on the design for future generations of memory technologies.	In addition to the joint development, the companies announced that they are working on a future memory technology.	1
A judge ordered the child placed in state custody Aug. 8.	The child was placed in state custody Aug. 8. The judge ordered him on Aug. 8.	1
The British ambassador to the United Nations, Sir Jeremy Greenstock, is scheduled to lead a Security Council Mission to the region in mid-May.	Is the British ambassador to the United Nations, Sir Jeremy Greenstock, scheduled to lead a Security Council mission to the region in mid-May?	1
An episode is declared when the ozone reaches .20 parts per million parts of air for one hour.	If ozone is.20 parts per million parts of the air for one hour, an episode is declared.	1
Roslyn shares gained 82 cents to close at $20.79 yesterday in Nasdaq trading.	Has Roslyn Stock gained 82 cents to close at $20.79 yesterday in Nasdaq trading?	1
The value will total about $124 million, including convertible securities, according to Corel.	The value of the proposed $124 million is convertible according to Corel.	1
"I can say I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	I feel like I am being forced into exile by the world superpower," he said.	1
The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence.	In the Congo, U.N. troops are in a place to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense. They have been unable to stem the violence.	1
The U.N. troops are in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence.	Is U.N. troops in Congo to protect U.N. installations and personnel, and they can only fire in self defense and have been unable to stem the violence?	1
North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning, as earnings season begins to slow and economic indicators take the spotlight.	As the earnings season slows and the economic indicators take the spotlight, North American markets grabbed early gains Monday morning.	1
The service also features a "self-healing" option that can provide continuous access to critical applications.	If the service also features "self healing" option, can provide continuous access to critical applications.	1
Shares of the Smithfield rose more than 8 percent as the company said it expected the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	Shares of the Smithfield have jumped 8 percent as it expects the transaction to boost earnings immediately.	1
Consolidated volume was heavy, with 2.17 billion shares traded, compared with 1.92 billion on Tuesday.	In comparison to Tuesday, the volume of all traded shares was heavy. The amount of shares traded was 2.17 billion, compared with 1.92 billion on Tuesday.	1
He planned Monday to formally announce the effort alongside several union presidents.	He planned to announce the initiative on Monday along with several union presidents.	1
He planned Monday to formally announce the effort alongside several union presidents.	He scheduled to formally announce Monday the effort alongside several union presidents.	1
Also at increased risk are those whose immune systems suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.	For at increased risk, in addition are those whose immune system suppressed by medications or by diseases such as cancer, diabetes and AIDS.	1
Her knees were swollen for days and she still bears scars there and on her legs and ankles.	She says that her knees were swollen for days and still bears scars on her legs and ankles.	1
Al Qaeda, the terror network led by Saudi-born Osama bin Laden and blamed for the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, has been linked to both cases.	The al Qaeda terrorist organization was responsible for the 9/11 attacks on September 11, 2001. It is reported that Al Qaeda is responsible for the 9/11 attacks.	1
Al Qaeda, the terror network led by Saudi-born Osama bin Laden and blamed for the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, has been linked to both cases.	Al Qaeda has been linked to the 9/11 attacks, and has become linked to the 9/11 attacks.	1
Al Qaeda, the terror network led by Saudi-born Osama bin Laden and blamed for the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, has been linked to both cases.	Al Qaeda, the terror network led by Saudi-born Osama bin Laden, has been linked to both 9/11 attacks.	1
He praised the work of the Rhodes Trust, saying that it was a Rhodes scholar at Oxford who first interested him in politics.	How valuable was the Rhodes Trust, he said, claiming that it was an Oxford Rhodes scholar who first involved him in politics.	1
He praised the work of the Rhodes Trust, saying that it was a Rhodes scholar at Oxford who first interested him in politics.	With a respect for the work of the Rhodes Trust he said that it was his advisor at Oxford who first brought politics to him.	1
Turki Nasser al-Dandani, another key Saudi operator for Al Qaeda and a second main suspect in the Riyadh bombings remains at large.	The Saudi Qaeda (Al Qaeda) operative Turki Nasser al-Dandani is still in hiding. He is the second suspect in the Riyadh attacks.	1
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and said, "Thank you" after.	1
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	"Thank you so much!" He hugged his lawyers and their assistants.	1
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	He hugged his lawyers and assistants and then said, "Thank you" to them.	1
He hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	Is it true that he hugged his lawyers and their assistants and then said, "Thank you so much."	1
The company has agreed terms on the purchase of the paper division of the Dutch office supplies group Buhrmann, the largest paper distributor in Europe.	Buhrmann is the largest paper distributor in Europe. The company has agreed terms on the purchase of the paper division of the Dutch office supplies group Buhrmann.	1
A power cut in New York in 1977 left 9 million people without electricity for up to 25 hours.	In New York, 9 million people were without power for up to 25 hours. This was because of a power cut in 1977.	1
Idaho Gem also is the first sterile animal to be cloned.	Idaho Gem is the only sterile animal to be cloned. This animal has no genetic connection to human body. This makes it the first animal to be cloned.	1
It is almost certain to exacerbate the bitter divisions between Washington and Europe that have not abated since the end of the war in Iraq.	What will happen is that it will only add to the bitter divisions between Washington and Europe that have not abated since the end of the war in Iraq.	1
Resigning along with Brendsel was Vaughn Clarke, the company's executive vice president and chief financial officer.	Vaughn Clarke resigned from Brendsel, the company's executive vice president and chief financial officer.	1
The vast majority of trades will be priced at 20 cents per contract or less depending on participation in incentive schemes."	If incentives are offered to participants, the vast majority of trades will be priced at 20 cents per contract or less or less.	1
Hewlett-Packard Co. HPQ.N , the No. 2 computer maker, rose 41 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $17.29.	Hewlett-Packard Co., the No. 2 computer maker, rose 41 cents, or 2.4 percent, to $17.29. The share was pushed to $13.23 after the stock dipped 1.8 percent to $13.49. The share was unchanged from $12.21. In the previous session, the share was down 1 cent to $14.25.	1
He urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.	If not, he urged patience from Americans eager for the service, which is intended to block about 80 percent of telemarketing calls.	1
"Everyone who has a cell phone wishes they had a better one," Huang said.	Everyone who owns a cell phone wish they had a better phone, Huang said.	1
"We're still confident that Gephardt will get the lion's share of union support."	What's more, we're confident that Gephardt will get the lion's share of union support."	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.	If the US data gives the numbers, the broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.	S&P 500 Index (S&P) is up 3 points or 0.39 percent, at 924.	1
The case is Illinois v. Telemarketing Associates, 01-1806.	Illinois v. Telemarketing Associates, 01-1806.	1
The case is Illinois v. Telemarketing Associates, 01-1806.	Ill. v. Telemarketing Associates, 01-1806.	1
They are being held on immigration violations as the incident is investigated.	If they were held on immigration violations, they were being held as the incident is investigated.	1
"Rendezvous has been a TIBCO mark for many years and is one of our flagship products," said George Ahn, chief marketing officer, Tibco.	The Rienezvous brand has been the TIBCO mark for many years and is one of our flagship products," said George Ahn, chief marketing officer, Tibco.	1
Beagle 2 has no propulsion system of its own; it is "in the hands of Mr Newton now", as an astronaut once put it.	It is now "in the hands of Mr Newton now", as an astronaut once put it. But its no propulsion system. Beagle 2 does not have propulsion.	1
Diane Lade of the South Florida Sun-Sentinel, a Tribune Publishing newspaper, contributed to this report.	The South Florida Sun-Sentinel contributed to this report. Diane Lade is a Tribune Publishing newspaper.	1
But the Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.	What was the news for the Russell 2000 index, the barometer of smaller company stocks, had a weekly gain of 3.71, or 0.9 percent, closing at 418.40.	1
"This deal makes sense for both companies," said National Chief Executive Brian Halla.	What makes this deal possible for the two companies, said National Chief Executive Brian Halla.	1
Janet Racicot heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water, she said in an interview Tuesday.	Janet Racicot said in an interview Tuesday that she hears a thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water.	1
But as more people were shot, Moose had to admit that he couldn't give the public the safety it needed.	Moose knew as he shot more people he couldn't give the public the safety it needed.	1
"The longer this series goes, the better chance Dirk has to play."	Dirk: The longer this series goes, the better chance he has to play.	1
"The longer this series goes, the better chance Dirk has to play."	In the long run, the more chances Dirk has to play. "In this series," he says.	1
The seal will ultimately be used to identify DHS badges, vehicles, signs, sea vessels and aircraft.	Will the seal be used to identify DHS badges, vehicles, signs, sea vessels and aircraft.	1
There are an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands deployed in and around the town.	Is it true that there are between 25,000 and 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands deployed in and around the town.	1
There are an estimated 25,000 to 28,000 tribal fighters in the region, with thousands deployed in and around the town.	In a tribal area, there are close to 25,000 to 28,000 fighters, with thousands deployed in and around town.	1
Neither Iowa State athletic director Bruce Van De Velde nor Morgan could be reached for comment.	Iowa State Athletic Director Bruce Van De Velde and Morgan Morgan declined to be reached for comment.	1
The blasts killed two people and injured more than 150 others.	Combined blasts killed at least 2 people and injured more than 150.	1
But the subject of oil market debate, Iraq, will not be present, an issue which has rankled Iraqi officials.	What will be the subject of oil market debate, Iraq, will not be present, an issue which has rankled Iraqi officials.	1
So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.	In Georgia, nearly $70,000 was returned, but the money it wired is still there.	1
So far, Georgia has been returned all but $70,000 of the money it wired.	So far, Georgia has been recieved back all but $70,000 from the money it wired.	1
"With the target funds rate at 1 percent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted," he said.	With target funds rate at 1 percent, substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC juged such policy actions warranted," he said.	1
The US responded coolly to the EU deadline, warning that trade sanctions would backfire by hurting European consumers.	The US responded slowly to the deadline, warning that EU trade sanctions would hurt European consumers.	1
Water management officials in Florida were worried about some of the already-swollen rivers and lakes, because a direct hit from a hurricane could cause severe flooding.	In Florida, there are already swollen rivers and lakes, and a direct hit from a hurricane could cause severe flooding. Water management officials were worried about these already-swollen rivers and lakes, because a direct hit from a hurricane could cause severe flooding.	1
It was to fly a plane in the White House."	What it was like to travel on a plane at the White House?	1
Spansion products are to be available from both AMD and Fujitsu, AMD said.	From the AMD platform, Spansion products are expected to be available at least from the Fujitsu and AMD brands, AMD said.	1
Spansion products are to be available from both AMD and Fujitsu, AMD said.	The new products are coming from both AMD and Fujitsu, AMD said.	1
The tendency to feel rejection as an acute pain may have developed in humans as a defensive mechanism for the species, said Eisenberger.	Is the tendency to feel rejection as an acute pain may have developed in humans as a defensive mechanism for the species, said Eisenberger.	1
A discouraging outlook from General Electric Co. sent its share down 81 cents (U.S.) or 2.7 per cent to $29.32.	What a weak outlook from General Electric Co. sent its share down 81 cents (U.S.) or 2.7 per cent to $29.32.	1
U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald said the wholesalers were not to blame and were "victims in this."	The wholesalers were victims, the U.S. Attorney Patrick Fitzgerald said. The wholesalers were not to blame and were "victims" in this.	1
At the very long end, the 30-year bond US30YT=RR slid a full point for a yield of 4.47 percent from 4.41 percent.	In its 30 year Treasury note, the yield of US$30YT=RR slid by a full point, yielding a yield of 4.47 percent from 4.41 percent.	1
And yes, Marilyn Monroe is definitely part of the story, titled "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin."	In the book "Arthur Miller, Elia Kazan and the Blacklist: None Without Sin", Marilyn Monroe is definitely a part of the story.	1
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR grew 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent, down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday.	Is the 30-year bond US30YT=RR gaining 1-3/32 for a yield of 4.30 percent down from 4.35 percent late Wednesday?	1
Gamarekian told The News she remembers only the woman's first name - and refused to reveal it.	The News reports Gamarekian remembers only her name, and refused to reveal her identity.	1
The Institute for Supply Management's manufacturing index rose to 49.4 in May from 45.4 in April, the biggest monthly gain since December.	In the institute for supply management's manufacturing index rose to 49.4 in May from 45.4 in April, the biggest monthly gain since December.	1
The man, Fazul Abdullah Mohammed, a Comoros islander, is on the U.S. FBI's list of most wanted suspects.	In the FBI, Fazul Abdullah Mohammed is a Comoros Islander. He is on the list of most wanted suspects.	1
The man, Fazul Abdullah Mohammed, a Comoros islander, is on the U.S. FBI's list of most wanted suspects.	Fazul Abdullah Mohammed is a Comoros Islander. He is on the U.S. FBI's most wanted list.	1
Both NASA and Russian space officials said it posed no danger to the crew.	NASA and Russian space officials said the matter was safe to fly and there was no danger to the crew.	1
The Bluetooth SIG made its announcement at the Bluetooth World Congress in Amsterdam this week.	Wireless & Bluetooth SIG has made its announcement at the Bluetooth World Congress in Amsterdam this week.	1
Respondents who rated current business conditions as "bad" increased to 30.4% from 28.1% in June.	What percent of respondents felt current business conditions "bad" increased to 30.4% from 28.1% in June.	1
The singer has been on a ventilator since the crash at his Buckinghamshire estate last night, but his condition was described as “stable” and “comfortable”.	Since his crash at his Buckinghamshire estate on Thursday night, the singer is on ventilator - his condition is described as “comfortable”.	1
He added, "I am not giving any consideration to resignation."	I am not giving any consideration to resignation."	1
He added, "I am not giving any consideration to resignation."	He said he would not consider his resignation.	1
He added, "I am not giving any consideration to resignation."	I'm not giving much consideration to resignation".	1
At least 61 people were killed and dozens injured across Afghanistan yesterday in the worst outbreak of violence for more than a year.	In the worst Afghanistan violence in a long time, at least 61 people were killed and dozens injured yesterday.	1
The Dow Jones industrials climbed more than 140 points to above the 9,000 mark, the first time since December.	Dow Jones Industrials is up 135 points for the first time in 12 months. It is above the 9000 mark.	1
Emergency crews said some of the passengers were thrown partly out of the open side of the bus.	Some passengers threw from the bus partly because of its open position, according to emergency crews.	1
Page said it's also possible that genes on the Y chromosome may influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.	Genetics of the Y chromosome may also influence gender-specific differences in disease susceptibility.	1
The House version pays 80 percent of a senior's first $2,000 in drug costs after a $250 deductible.	As an elderly, the House version pays 80 percent of the senior's first $2,000 in drug costs after a $250 deductible.	1
The House version pays 80 percent of a senior's first $2,000 in drug costs after a $250 deductible.	What is the House version to pay 80 percent of a senior's first $2,000 drug costs after a $250 deductible?	1
The House version pays 80 percent of a senior's first $2,000 in drug costs after a $250 deductible.	In the House version, 80 percent of a senior's first $2,000 in drug costs after a $250 deductible.	1
A really robust program could be had for about 20 cents a day," Griffin said.	Is there a really robust program for about 20 cents a day?" Griffin said.	1
His birth on 4 May is revealed today in the journal Science.	He was born on 4 May. (The journal Science)	1
"We don't know at this point if the current investigation includes one or more outside contractors.	Do we know if the investigation involves one or more outside contractors?	1
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.	Will appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.	1
Shares in the big mortgage lenders also fell to record lows.	What are the biggest mortgage companies and their shares falling to record lows.?	1
July Brent rose 31 cents to $28.39 per barrel on London's International Petroleum Exchange.	Brent crude rose 31 cents to $28.39 per barrel in July, according to the London exchange.	1
It would now take place some time before August 8 in Auckland.	I think this will take place before August 8 in Auckland.	1
It would now take place some time before August 8 in Auckland.	This might be some time before August 8th in Auckland.	1
Also helping Tokyo stocks were hopes the government would next week adopt some of the market boosting proposals discussed on Thursday at a meeting of its top economic advisory panel.	I also helped Tokyo stocks were hopes the government would next week adopt some of the market boosting proposals discussed on Thursday at a meeting of its top economic advisory panel.	1
However, scientists led by physicist Frank McDonald of the University of Maryland disagree.	Scientist led by physicist Frank McDonald of the University of Maryland disagree.	1
At midday Monday, the 10-year note US10YT=RR had slipped 12/32 in price giving a yield of 3.16 percent from 3.12 percent.	The 10-year note had slipped 12/32 in price giving a yield of 3.16 percent from 3.12 percent. At midday Monday, the 10-year note had slipped 12/32 in price.	1
But it said that the Danish ban had been effective in reducing the spread among food animals.	But Danish ban on pet foods effective in reducing spread among animals.	1
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.	Was Montgomery one of the first states to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.	1
"30 years waiting for you," read one banner hoisted over the crowd, as many wept tears of happiness at finally seeing and hearing their idol.	"In 30 years you are waiting for you" read the banner over the crowd, as many wept tears of happiness at finally seeing and hearing their idol.	1
He also noted Tom Siebel had turned in 26 million stock options valued at more than $50-million (U.S.) earlier this year.	Tom Siebel had turned in 26 million stock options valued at over $50 million (U.S.) earlier this year.	1
There was no immediate response from North Korea or the United States.	From North Korea, North Korea and the United States, there was no immediate response.	1
But the new vaccine will not even begin to be tested in people until 2005 and will not be approved for use for several years after that.	Why is the new vaccine not yet clinically studied, they say, until 2005, and they say it won't be approved until after that date.	1
But authorities have been unable to stop the tragedies, which they blame on overcrowding, poor vessel construction and lax enforcement of safety rules.	What authorities have been unable to stop the tragedies, blamed on overcrowding, poor vessel construction and lax enforcement of safety rules.	1
The euro <EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three-month high earlier in the session above $1.18.	Die Vergabe euro EUR=> was up 0.67 percent against the dollar at $1.1784 after rising to a three month high earlier in the session above $1.18.	1
However, George Heath, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said shortly after the attack that Akbar had "an attitude problem".	For the time being, George Heath, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said immediately after the attack that Akbar had an attitude problem.	1
"Dan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Mr. Heyer said.	Daan brings to Coca-Cola enormous experience in managing some of the world's largest and most familiar brands," Mr. Heyer said.	1
The new WPAN standard uses the 2.4-GHz unlicensed frequency band and specifies raw data rates of 11M, 22M, 33M, 44M and 55Mbit/sec.	The new WPAN specification uses the 2.4-GHz unlicensed frequency band and specifies raw data rates of 11M, 22M, 33M, 44M and 55Mbit/sec. Using the same frequency band as the old WPAN standard, the WPAN standard uses the 2.4-GHz unlicensed frequency band.	1
"We believe that it is not necessary to have a divisive confirmation fight over a Supreme Court appointment.	Why should we have a debate over a Supreme Court confirmation?	1
With a wry smile, Mr. Bush replied, "You're looking pretty young these days."	As he laughed, Mr. Bush remarked, "You're pretty young these days."	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI edged down 28.08 points, or 0.3 percent, at 9,256.49.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average edged down 28.08 points, or 0.3%, at 9,256.49. The Dow slipped 0.12% and is now trading at 9.79.29. It was the lowest level since May 2017.	1
Agnew said Pinellas began baiting when rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995.	When the rabies cases "went from zero to 30" in 1995, a pinellas began baiting, Agnew said.	1
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.	Why now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.	1
And now it's anything he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.	Now he has to say any thing he wants to say," Alesha Badgley, Stone County Nursing and Rehabilitation Center social director, said this week.	1
The 30-year bond <US30YT=RR> firmed 24/32, taking its yield to 4.18 percent, after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent.	When a 30-year bond price got up to 4.18 percent after hitting another record low of 4.16 percent, the yield increased to 4.18 percent. The yield of the bond fell to 4.18 percent at the end of the last trading day. The bond price is now in 603kr and its yield has just been recalled.	1
Those in their twenties who ejaculated more than five times a week were one-third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life, they say.	It has been proven that ejaculating more than 5 times a week made one-third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer in later life, compared to age 30.	1
But the prime minister told the BBC he wasn't bothered by polls and that he would continue to do what he believed to be right.	So the prime minister told the BBC he doesn't care about polls and was going to continue to do what he believes to be right.	1
We need to challenge old habits and seriously rethink business-as-usual," he wrote.	I feel I must challenge old habits, seriously rethink business as usual," he wrote.	1
The plea makes Grass the second high-ranking Rite Aid executive to strike a deal with federal prosecutors in the past two weeks.	Is it true that Grass was the second high-ranking Rite Aid executive to enter a plea deal with federal prosecutors in the past two weeks?	1
Class-action suits expand exponentially the number of plaintiffs and damages in a lawsuit by allowing initial plaintiffs to plea on behalf of a far larger group with common interest.	The ability of class actions to generate more plaintiffs and damages expands exponentially. This is because they allow an initial plaintiff to plea on behalf of a far larger group with a common interest.	1
The benchmark 10-year Bund yield was down 5.2 basis points at 3.60 percent.	10,7  1020,602 and 11,2 10,6 10.75 4,352 and 16,364. Benchmark 10-year Bund yield down 5.2 basis points at 3.60 percent.	1
Powers said almost all supercomputer users would rather pay companies like IBM to do all that than try to build their own.	As an average supercomputer user, Powers said most people would rather have their own computers or pay a lot of money to a company like IBM instead of building their own.	1
The judge's decision ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last-minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing-room only purchasing hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court.	If the court's ruling for a sale ended an 18-month process that included a frenzy of last minute negotiations between bidders and creditors during a standing-room only purchasing hearing in U.S. Bankruptcy Court, the decision was made.	1
The value of the deal has increased since BP first announced it in February.	BP announced the deal in February. The value of the deal has increased since.	1
Hoy confirmed the woman's age Tuesday and said she has left on vacation with her family.	Hoy said the woman's age had been confirmed Tuesday & she is now on vacation with her family.	1
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.	Was Chapman not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3?	1
Chapman was not immediately arrested and is expected to appear for arraignment July 3.	Did Chapman ever get arrested and is expected to appear in court on July 3?	1
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".	Lord Falconer described the decision as a "new beginning" for the Crown Prosecution Service and police.	1
Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning as far as the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and police are concerned".	Lord Falconer hailed the changes as "a new beginning" as they affect the courts, Crown Prosecution Service and Police.	1
Their worst-case scenario is the accidental deletion or malicious falsification of ballots from the 1.42 million Californians who could vote on electronic touch-screen machines.	What's the worst-case scenario of the accidental deletion or malicious falsification of ballots from the 1.42 million Californians who could vote on electronic touch-screen machines?	1
Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarterly earnings season.	Tech stocks were hurt by a sour forecast from Sun Microsystems, which was viewed as a bad omen for the upcoming quarter.	1
GE stock closed at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.	The New York Stock Exchange had listed GE at $30.65 per share and went down about 42 cents.	1
Larger rivals, including Tesco and Sainsbury’s, were excluded from the bid battle following a Competition Commission inquiry last month.	What are the biggest competitions, including Tesco and Sainsbury's, excluded from the bid battle following a competition commission inquiry last month?	1
The move to rein in losses at its four boutique outlets comes as the retailer seeks to cap the cost of doing business.	The retailer is considering a bid to rein in losses at its four boutique outlets. It will try to curb its losses as it seeks to reduce the cost of doing business.	1
Many compensation experts had predicted Carty would get a generous severance deal because his voluntary resignation helped keep the concessions deals in place.	How many compensation experts predicted Carty would get a generous severance deal because his voluntary resignation helped keep the concessions deals in place.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX declined 10.65 points, or 1.07 percent, to 987.86.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX fell 10.65 points, or 1.07 percent, to 987.86. Yesterday, the upbeat news broke that the index had dropped after the index dropped 3 points to 9.325.88. Its upbeat result came on the heels of the index's 108.47.53.54. If the index's 500 index was released on Dec. 31, the Dow Jones 500 Index (WPX) index decreased by 2 percent.	1
He faces 25 years in prison when he is sentenced in federal court July 7.	If given a sentence in federal court July 7th, he faces 25 years in prison.	1
He faces 25 years in prison when he is sentenced in federal court July 7.	If he is sentenced in federal court July 7, he faces 25 years in prison.	1
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.	On Friday, in Mosul, rebels assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who supported the coalition.	1
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.	Marcino Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.	1
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.	How did Mr. Manuel and his group arrived in the United States by walking across the bridge between Matamoros and Brownsville?	1
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.	If a geologist uses rovers to find evidence of past water, the identical rovers will act as robotic geologists.	1
The identical rovers will act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.	Will identical rovers act as robotic geologists, searching for evidence of past water.	1
Shellfire could be heard in the background as Ghafar spoke by satellite telephone.	As Ghafar spoke via satellite, the shellfire was heard in the background.	1
He added International Business Machines Corp.'s (IBM) endorsement of Linux has "added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability."	IBM's endorsement of Linux has "added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability."	1
He added International Business Machines Corp.'s (IBM) endorsement of Linux has "added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability."	The review of Linux's version by International Business Machines Corp. was "added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability."	1
He added International Business Machines Corp.'s (IBM) endorsement of Linux has "added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability."	He added that IBM's endorsement of Linux has "added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability."	1
He added International Business Machines Corp.'s (IBM) endorsement of Linux has "added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability."	He said IBM's endorsement of Linux has "added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability."	1
He added International Business Machines Corp.'s (IBM) endorsement of Linux has "added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability."	He said Linux endorsement by International Business Machines Corp (IBM) has "added credibility and an illusion of support and accountability."	1
His dissent was joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.	In his dissent, Justice Clarence Thomas joined Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist.	1
Davis, who appointed all of the PUC commissioners, called the proposed settlement ``too expensive for the ratepayers.	All PUC commissioners have been appointed and Davis called the proposed settlement too expensive for the ratepayers.	1
The Iranian refugee who sewed up his eyes, lips and ears in protest at the handling of his asylum claim has won his fight to remain in Britain.	Has the Iranian refugee who sewed up his eyes, lips and ears in protest at the handling of his asylum claim won his fight to remain in Britain.	1
Justice Anthony Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.	In an opinion, Justice Anthony Kennedy dissented as a Justice of the Supreme Court, followed by Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.	1
Justice Anthony Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.	Justice Anthony Kennedy sented in an opinion with Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.	1
The stretch of Danube river passing through the Balkans dropped so low that wrecks of World War II boats became visible.	What was the cut of Danube river passing through the Balkans so low that wrecks of World War II boats became visible.	1
Police arrested a "potential suspect" Monday in the case of a nine-year-old girl who turned up safe two days after being violently abducted from her home.	The law prevents the heiress from living with her for at least 8 days because her dad suspects they are not going to bring her to the murder scene. A woman was arrested at the scene on Monday. She was not hurt in the incident. Police have arrested at least one more person in connection with the kidnapping and violence against her boyfriend.	1
Bush is spending the weekend at his Crawford ranch, where he will play host to Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.	Bush will play host to Italian prime minister Silvio Berlusconi at his Crawford ranch this weekend.	1
But a state judge has ruled that the so-called "double jeopardy" protections do not apply in the case.	What is double jeopardy, but the State judge has ruled that the so-called "double jeopardy" protections do not apply in the case.	1
After protesters rushed the stage and twice cut power to the microphone, Hedges drew the speech to an early close.	When Hedges closed down the crowd after protesters started rushing the stage but also cut power to the microphone, hedges drew the speech to an early close.	1
The worst-affected area was South Kyongsang province where at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away.	South Kyongsang province had worst effects after at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away.	1
The worst-affected area was South Kyongsang province where at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away.	What is the worst-affected area of the South Kyongsang province where at least 15 people drowned and roads were swept away.	1
Mr Berlusconi is accused of bribing judges to influence the sale of the state-controlled SME food company in 1985.	Is Berlusconi bribing judges to influence the sale of the state-controlled SME food company in 1985?	1
The stock closed Friday at $5.91, down $1.24, or 17 percent, on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	What happens to Nasdaq stock price? The stock closed Friday at $5.91, down $1.24, or 17 percent.	1
"It''s absurd," Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.	How absurd is Funny Cide's trainer Barclay Tagg said.	1
Further out the curve, the benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, taking its yield to 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.	If the benchmark note US10YT=RR shed 25/32 in price, it will have a rs of 3.26 percent from 3.17 percent.	1
"United is continuing to deliver major cost reductions and is now coupling that effort with significant unit revenue improvement," chief financial officer Jake Brace said in a statement.	"United is continuing to deliver major cost reductions and is now coupling that effort with significant unit revenue improvement," chief financial officer Jake Brace said. "United is now coupling that effort with significant unit revenue improvement."	1
Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.	Was Minister Saud al-Faisal's visit disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name?	1
SAN Architect and AutoAdvice can be used by themselves or as extensions to the ControlCenter family of storage management applications.	SAN Architect and AutoAdvice are used independently. They are extensions of the ControlCenter family of storage management applications.	1
Teams of inspectors walked into a restricted area at one park without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.	In a park, other groups of inspectors walked in without being stopped; others took pictures of sensitive areas without being challenged.	1
When Biggs's body was found, authorities had no leads until four months later, when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party.	After the death of Mike Biggs, authorities had no leads until four months later, when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party.	1
He is accused of obstructing justice, witness tampering and destroying evidence.	Is he obstructing justice, witness tampering and destroying evidence?	1
Mr. Stevens has also told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought.	Has Mr. Stevens told his officers that information from British intelligence indicates there are more Al Qaeda agents in Britain than previously thought.	1
The victims included seven Lebanese, four Egyptians, one Saudi and one Sudanese, the ministry official said.	In the case of seven Lebanese, four Egyptians, one Saudi and one Sudanese, the ministry said the victims were among them.	1
He said some issues _ such as division break-up _ really can only be resolved if and when the conference is expanded.	Is division breakup really something that can only be resolved once the conference has been expanded?	1
"This blackout was largely preventable," said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary.	How was this blackout largely preventable, said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary.	1
November 17's last victim was British defence attache Stephen Saunders, who was shot on an Athens road in June 2000.	On November 17th, British defence attache Stephen Saunders was shot on an Athens road in June 2000.	1
The suit is to be filed against Secretary of State Kevin Shelley and election officials in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties.	What is the suit against Secretary of State Kevin Shelley and election officials in Los Angeles, Orange and San Diego counties?	1
Gartner analysts said that businesses are not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.	Gartner: Business is not yet feeling confident enough to upgrade corporate PCs.	1
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.	Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by the Cubs on Friday for using a corked bat.	1
For proof, look no further than this week's Consumer Electronics Show (CES) in Las Vegas.	What are some examples of consumer electronics presented at the CES. This week's show will be held in Las Vegas.	1
Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones, both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels, are among this year's nominees.	As in Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones, both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels, are among this year's nominees.	1
Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones, both of whom needed more than a decade to complete their current novels, are among this year's nominees.	For this year's nominees, Shirley Hazzard and Edward P. Jones were among the contenders. Both writers needed more than 10 years to complete their novels.	1
It also named Robert Willumstad chief operating officer, also to take effect by Jan. 1, 2004.	Robert Willumstad was named Chief Operating Officer. The appointment took effect Jan. 1, 2004.	1
It also named Robert Willumstad chief operating officer, also to take effect by Jan. 1, 2004.	She also named Robert Willumstad chief operating officer, and was expected to take effect by Jan. 1, 2004.	1
"These despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate," Bush said, adding that the United States will find the killers.	If Bush is President, he is saying that these despicable acts were committed by killers whose only faith is hate and that "the United States will find the killers."	1
A second bomb, evidently carried by the other woman, did not explode; the authorities detonated the explosives later.	Besides the second bomb, which was carried by the other woman, the other woman did not explode; the authorities detonated the explosives later.	1
AN artist has infuriated New Yorkers by painting a sign reading "CAUTION Low Flying Planes" on a building near Ground Zero.	Artists have painted "CAUTION Low Flying Planes" on a building near Ground Zero. This sign has angered some New Yorkers.	1
"During the investigation, Bryant was cooperative with investigators and remains cooperative with authorities," the sheriff's office said.	Bryant is cooperating with investigators and remains cooperating with authorities. During the investigation, Bryant was cooperative with investigators and remains cooperating with authorities," the sheriff's office said.	1
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.	If you were a senior paying for 50 percent of your drug costs up to $3,450, seniors would have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs.	1
Seniors would then have to pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450.	Would a senior pay 50 percent of their drug costs up to $3,450?	1
Q: Can I buy coverage for prescription drugs right away?	Can you buy coverage to get coverage for a prescription drug right away?	1
General Jeffrey said he would donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office at Yarralumla.	General Jeffrey volunteered to donate his military pension to charity for the period he was in office in Yarralumla.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC climbed 40.09 points, or 2.46 percent, to 1,666.58, based on the latest data, and marking its highest close since May 23, 2002.	Its latest high is 666.58, its highest close since May 23, 2002. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC climbed 40.09 points, or 2.46 percent, to 1,666.58, based on the latest data.	1
Quattrone's action, prosecutors argue, amounted to criminal obstruction of justice.	prosecutors argue, that Quattrone's action, amounted to criminal obstruction of justice.	1
SEA 05D is the Naval Sea Systems Command’s technical authority for surface ship design and engineering.	The Naval Sea Systems Command’s technical authority for surface ship design and engineering is SEA 05D.	1
Results from No. 2 U.S. soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) were likely to be in the spotlight.	No. 2 soft drink maker PepsiCo Inc. (nyse: PEP - news - people) was likely to be in the spotlight. The results from No. 2 were likely to be in the spotlight.	1
The airline also said it has the option to buy 380 more airplanes, orders that would be split evenly between the two manufacturers.	If the airline can order 380 more airplanes, it will split the orders evenly between the two manufacturers.	1
The U.S. government and private technology experts warned Wednesday that hackers plan to attack thousands of Web sites Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated "contest" that could disrupt Internet traffic.	"In a loosely co-ordinated contest, hacked websites plan to attack thousands of websites Sunday," the U.S. government and private technology experts warned Wednesday. "In a loosely co-ordinated contest, hackers plan to attack... Thousands of websites" Sunday in a loosely co-ordinated "contest" that could disrupt Internet traffic.	1
But Mr Kenny said his advice to Mr Hicks - if they are ever allowed to meet or speak - may well be that he accept a deal.	He says Mr Hicks' advice would be to meet Mr Kenny if they are ever allowed to speak. But Mr Kenny says he will accept the deal.	1
The two forms account for about 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually, immigration officials said.	About 30 percent of the approximately 7 million immigration benefits applications received annually account for two forms, immigration officials said.	1
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.	All but one of Yale's dining halls was shut down in March. The unions also staged a five-day strike in March.	1
The unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.	What strikes have the unions also staged a five-day strike in March that forced all but one of Yale's dining halls to close.	1
FBI spokesman Steve Lazarus did not immediately return a phone call for comment on Friday.	Steve Lazarus is now part of FBI. He didn't return a call for comment on Friday.	1
Wyles previous feature credits include White Oleander, Enough and Donnie Darko.	White Oleander, Enough and Donnie Darko Wyles career has included more than one feature.	1
Treasurys long-range plan is to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account.	What is Treasurys long-range plan to provide retail buyers of all Treasury securities with the ability to manage their holdings online in a single account?	1
White House officials say Iran has one last chance to comply with IAEA inspection demands.	White House: Iran has one last chance to comply with IAEA inspection demands. White House: Iran has one last chance to comply with IAEA inspection demands.	1
After he was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney, Swisher raised his head and appeared to smile as his spiritual adviser spoke to him.	As a spiritual adviser spoke to Swisher, the executioner lifted his head and he seemed to smile. Then, in the gurney, he was led into the execution chamber and strapped to a gurney.	1
Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as immigration officials attempt to determine his status, the Coast Guard said.	As immigration officials attempt to determine Parrado's status, the Coast Guard said Wednesday that he was on a Coast Guard cutter.	1
Parrado remained on a Coast Guard cutter Wednesday as immigration officials attempt to determine his status, the Coast Guard said.	Corey Parrado was on a Coast Guard cutter on Wednesday as immigration officials attempt to determine his status, the Coast Guard said.	1
Roxio, which is based in Santa Clara, Calif., would get access to the music libraries of the major labels and the Pressplay distribution system.	If Roxio is based in Santa Clara, Calif., would get access to the music libraries of the major labels and the Pressplay distribution system.	1
Boeing shares fell nearly 4 percent to $27.54 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trade, while Lockheed slipped 1.6 percent to $49.42.	At the New York stock exchange, Boeing shares slid nearly 4 percent to $27.54 in the afternoon trade, while Lockheed slipped 1.6 percent to $49.42. Boeing shares fell nearly 4 percent to $27.54 in the afternoon trade.	1
Jakarta has boosted the number of troops and police in the resource-rich province in recent weeks from 38,000 to more than 45,000.	Jakarta - In recent weeks the number of troops and police in the resource-rich province from 38,000 to more than 45,000.	1
The contractors convicted last month, Brian Rose, 36, and Joseph Quattrone, 35, are to be sentenced in January.	Which contractors were convicted last month, Brian Rose, 36, and Joseph Quattrone, 35, will be sentenced in January?	1
"The board did so and accepted that resignation," said McCall, who chaired the meeting.	"The board accepted that resignation and the company and the members were interested in taking a look at the situation." McCall was the one who chaired the meeting.	1
"He died doing something he loved," William Dusenbery, Sr., who lives in Fairview Heights, just outside St. Louis, Mo.	"He died doing something he loved," William Dusenbery, Sr., who lives in Fairview Heights, just outside St. Louis, Mo., said in the statement.	1
The answer is clearly yes," said Dr. Larry Norton, deputy physician-in- chief for breast cancer programs at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.	Why yes" "The answer is clear yes" said Dr. Larry Norton, deputy physician-in- chief for breast cancer at Memorial Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center.	1
Quattrone, 47, was highly influential at Credit Suisse First Boston during the tech bubble.	(Credit Suisse First Boston) Quattrone, 47, was highly influential during the Tech bubble.	1
This change in attitude gave upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus, the parent of Bergdorf Goodman; and Nordstrom strong sales gains in May.	What is the change in attitude given upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus, the parent of Bergdorf Goodman; and Nordstrom strong sales gains in May.	1
This change in attitude gave upscale purveyors including Neiman Marcus, the parent of Bergdorf Goodman; and Nordstrom strong sales gains in May.	Was a change in attitude giving upscale purveyors such as Neiman Marcus, the parent of Bergdorf Goodman; and Nordstrom strong sales gains in May?	1
President Vlad imir Putin threw his weight behind Russia’s main pro-Kremlin political party for the first time last week, ahead of parliamentary elections.	Vladimir Putin threw his weight behind the main pro-Kremlin party for the first time last week, ahead of parliamentary elections.	1
Passengers would be given a refund and voucher for another trip, she said.	Will passengers be given a refund and voucher for another trip, she said.	1
A monthlong grace period in New York City ended May 1, and now bars and restaurants that allow people to puff can face hefty fines.	After a month-long grace period in New York City ended May 1, bars and restaurants that allow people to puff can face hefty fines.	1
First, it's found in most versions of Windows, including the new Windows Server 2003.	Windows Server 2003 and Windows Server 2003 - Microsoft Windows Server 2003. First, it's found in most versions of Windows.	1
Suspected rebels also blew up an oil pipeline in north-east Colombia.	In North-East Colombia, rebels have also blew up an oil pipeline.	1
The capsule landed on its side and drifted about 12 metres, probably dragged by the main parachute.	The capsule was landing on the side, and drifted about 12 metres, probably dragged by the main parachute. The ground was occupied at this time.	1
The capsule landed on its side and drifted about 12 metres, probably dragged by the main parachute.	The capsule hit the side of the planet, then drifted about 12 metres, probably dragged by the main parachute.	1
All patients developed some or all of the symptoms of E. coli food poisoning: bloody diarrhea, vomiting, abdominal cramping and nausea.	All patients developed bloody diarrhea, vomiting, abdominal cramps and nausea from E. coli food poisoning.	1
While robbery appeared to be the motive, the suspects drove off before taking anything.	Had the robbery been a motive, but when they drove off the suspects didn't get anything.	1
However, Hayes, the CDC official, said there are many complicated interactions in play.	If there are many complicated interactions in play, Hayes is the CDC official.	1
Microsoft, which acquired Virtual PC from Connectix in February, said a fix for the problem is not around the corner.	Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from Connectix in February. The firm said the problem was not solved yet.	1
ISC and NASCAR officials declined to comment.	ISC and NASCAR haven't commented on the matter.	1
A tradition of Labor Day racing was established long ago in the Inland Empire.	If you recall, a race that started during Labor Day was established long ago in the Inland Empire.	1
A tradition of Labor Day racing was established long ago in the Inland Empire.	In the Inland Empire, an American tradition of the Labor Day racing was established long ago.	1
"We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures.	[Re]designing Instruction Set Architectures. We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction sets architectures. The time [is] passing between [re]designing instruction set architectures] and [re]designing instruction sets.[re]inventing instruction set architectures]."	1
The condition is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.	With heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness and amputations, the condition is associated with various illnesses.	1
The condition is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.	Amputation, blindness, chronic kidney disease, heart disease, chronic kidney disease, and blindness.	1
Available July 7, the software supports the Solaris, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows operating systems.	Awarded July 7, the software supports Solaris, IBM AIX, Red Hat Linux and Windows operating systems.	1
He characterized the hostile bid as "atrociously bad behavior from a company with a history of atrociously bad behavior."	The hostile bid was "atrocious bad behavior from a company with a history of atrocious bad behavior."	1
He characterized the hostile bid as "atrociously bad behavior from a company with a history of atrociously bad behavior."	"The hostile bid was atrocious bad behavior from a company that has a history of atrocious bad behavior."	1
Eustachy acknowledged at a news conference Wednesday that he was an alcoholic and was seeking treatment.	Eurzy Eustachy admitted to a news conference on Wednesday that he was an alcoholic and was seeking treatment.	1
But Chauncey Billups demonstrated he's also capable of big games, scoring 77 points over the final two games against the Magic.	What was a big game for Chauncey Billups against the Magic, scoring 77 points in his final 2 games.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI was down 63.09 points, or 0.68 percent, at 9,270.70.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average.DJI was down 63.09 points, or 0.68 percent, at 9,270.70. Yesterday's trade: Dow Jones is up 26 points on the month, not down 14.4% on the month.	1
If convicted, Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said.	Can Ciobanu face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said.	1
If convicted, Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said.	Should Ciobanu face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said.	1
Shaklee spokeswoman Jenifer Thompson said the company is continuing to work with authorities.	Shaklee (www.shaklee.com/) spokeswoman Jenifer Thompson said the company is continuing to work with authorities.	1
Police believe someone strangled her and she may have been sexually assaulted.	After a woman was found strangled, police believe she has been sexually assaulted.	1
On Monday, it also announced the resignation of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Phil Condit.	On Monday, the company announced the resignation of Phil Condit from the position of Chairman and Chief Executive Officer.	1
"Accordingly, there needs to be more on the horizon than simply winning a war against terrorism.	"There is more to be done than just winning a war against terrorism" "	1
"Accordingly, there needs to be more on the horizon than simply winning a war against terrorism.	"There must be a big future beyond the next war against terrorism".	1
The hot technologies -- networking, storage and wireless products -- will be front and center this week.	What are some hot technologies -- networking, storage and wireless products -- will be front and center this week.	1
But when no justice announced a retirement when the court's term ended in June, it was seen as making those efforts moot.	Why didn't justices decide to retire when the court's term ended in June, it was seen as making those efforts moot.	1
In a statement later, he said it appeared his side had fallen a bit short.	He said his side had fallen. In a statement later, he said it appeared he had fallen short.	1
The movie opens this weekend and the companion game has been on sale since late last month.	Movie launch this weekend, companion game on sale since late last month.	1
The movie opens this weekend and the companion game has been on sale since late last month.	Movie Preview: The Movie opens this weekend. The companion game has been on sale since late last month.	1
A spokesman for the U.S. Attorney's Office was not available for comment.	The U.S. Attorney's Office spokesman was not available for comment.	1
The Foreign Office says that Heaton is in detention but has not yet been charged with any offence.	A scot is still in detention with the Foreign Office, adding that Heaton was not indicted as yet.	1
The nine states are Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Maine, Nevada, Oregon and Washington.	What are the nine states Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Maine, Nevada, Oregon and Washington?	1
The nine states are Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Maine, Nevada, Oregon and Washington.	Alaska, Arizona, California, Colorado, Hawaii, Maine, Nevada, Oregon and Washington are the nine states. They represent both a single state and a state.	1
Since June of last year the Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters, but taken in only $40 million in donations.	What do you think? Since the June 2016 Red Cross has spent $114 million on disasters, but taken in only $40 million in donations.	1
The United States and Britain are seeking backing at the United Nations for their agenda to hand over power to Iraqis.	Britain and the United States are asking U.N. backers for their stance on handing over power to Iraqis.	1
The format must be an open standard that has been formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization, and IP must be licensed under reasonable, non-discriminatory terms.	If a format must be an open standard that has been formally ratified by an international recognized standards organization, and IP must be licensed under reasonable non-discriminatory terms, the requirements of the format must be an open standard.	1
The format must be an open standard that has been formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization, and IP must be licensed under reasonable, non-discriminatory terms.	Under its form and scope, the material must be open standard, formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization, and IP must be licensed under reasonable, non-discriminatory terms.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index edged up 1.01 points, or 0.1 percent, at 1,012.67.	The S&P 500 Index edged up 1.01 points, or 0.1 percent, at 1,012.67.	1
She said the store ordered 520 copies and reserved another 300.	The store ordered 520 copies and reserved another 300 copies.	1
And it's going to be a wild ride," said Allan Hoffenblum, a Republican consultant.	What a crazy ride that would be, according to Allan Hoffenblum, Republican consultant.	1
And it's going to be a wild ride," said Allan Hoffenblum, a Republican consultant.	I'm going to be a wild ride" said Allan Hoffenblum, a Republican strategist.	1
Water samples are being tested in a state lab to determine what caused the reaction.	If water samples are found in a state lab then it is determined the cause of the reaction is unknown.	1
"Any decision on Charleroi will have huge implications for regional airports in France," he said.	Anything on Charleroi will have huge implications for regional airports in France, he said.	1
"This is very serious," said Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	What is very serious," said Dr. Julie Gerberding, director of the Federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	1
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.	On the upside, Coca-Cola reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.	1
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.	Coca-Cola reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.	1
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.	Coke (nyse: KO) reports higher profits for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.	1
On the upside, Coca-Cola Co. (nyse: KO - news - people) reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.	In the upside, Coca-Cola reported higher profit for the quarter early on Thursday, helped by European demand.	1
Shelley's office reported Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him.	Is it true that Shelley's office reported on Friday that 575,926 signatures have been reported to him?	1
Arguing that the case was an isolated example, Canada has threatened a trade backlash if Tokyo's ban is not justified on scientific grounds.	The case of Canada was an isolated case, Canada has threatened a trade backlash if Tokyo's ban is not justified on scientific grounds.	1
Arguing that the case was an isolated example, Canada has threatened a trade backlash if Tokyo's ban is not justified on scientific grounds.	As an isolated case, Canada has threatened a trade backlash if Tokyo's ban is not justified on scientific grounds.	1
The shooting happened at 5:30 a.m. in the living room of the home the extended family shared on the city's westside.	Do you believe that the shooting happened at 5:30 a.m. in the living room of the home the extended family shared on the westside?	1
His spokesman, Tom Parker, said Moore's attorneys would respond to the complaint Monday.	Tom Parker of Moore's lawyers said that Moore's would respond to the complaint Monday.	1
His spokesman, Tom Parker, said Moore's attorneys would respond to the complaint Monday.	Moore's spokesman, Tom Parker, said Moore's attorneys would respond to the complaint Monday. "To me, as an attorney, I am quite upset. I want to get the best of it, and I don't want to lose anything," Moore said in an email. If Moore does win, I can't do anything that will make me hurt. And if he doesn't, how will I handle this case?"	1
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.	The same discovery happened at Houston on another plane, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.	1
They made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, Dallas-based Southwest said in a statement.	Then Southwest made a similar discovery in Houston on another aircraft, said Dallas-based Southwest.	1
The group ambitiously expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004.	ARC: The group ambitiously expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004.	1
Wall Street regained a positive track yesterday after two of Saddam Hussein's sons were killed in a firefight in Iraq.	When two of Saddam Hussein's sons were killed in a fight in Iraq, Wall Street reconnected with a positive track yesterday.	1
Wall Street regained a positive track yesterday after two of Saddam Hussein's sons were killed in a firefight in Iraq.	After two Saddam Hussein's sons were killed in a firefight in Iraq, Wall Street retreated and a positive track was restored yesterday.	1
The United States and Russia have spent billions since the 1960s on a handful of space craft designed to land on Mars.	Have the United States and Russia spent billions in space since the 1960s on a handful of spacecraft designed to land on Mars?	1
Avalon means the next Windows OS will support new styles of user interfaces and elements.	How is Avalon made - the next version of Windows will support a variety of user interfaces and components.	1
The three priests were careful to go through church channels first as they exercised their rights under canon law.	As the three priests were careful to go through church channels first as they exercised their rights under canon law.	1
There were no plans to build permanent US bases in Africa, Pentagon officials said.	The United States of America is not building a permanent base in Africa, Pentagon officials said.	1
The report by the Justice Department's inspector general found "significant problems" in the government's handling of foreigners who were jailed under blanket edicts adopted by the department after the attacks.	Was the Justice Department's inspector general's report "significant problems" in the government's handling of foreigners who were jailed under blanket edicts adopted by the department after the attacks.	1
Greenspan is head of the U.S. central bank, which sets U.S. interest rates.	Greenspan is the chairperson of the central bank of the United States. In this role he oversaw the setting of the U.S. currency and currency rates.	1
Responding, Edward Skyler, a spokesman for the mayor, said later: "The comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts.	What spokesman for the mayor Edward Skyler said later: "The comptroller's statements, while noteworthy for their sensationalism, bear no relation to the facts."	1
"Indeed, Iran should be put on notice that efforts to try to remake Iraq in their image will be aggressively put down," he said.	Iran should be put on notice that efforts to try to remake Iraq in their image will be aggressively put down"	1
"Indeed, Iran should be put on notice that efforts to try to remake Iraq in their image will be aggressively put down," he said.	Should Iran's efforts to remake Iraq, he says, be put on notice that efforts to try to remake Iraq in their image will be aggressively put down," he said.	1
It is important for a process to be put into place, he said, that would permit a smooth transition from war to peace.	If a process is put into place that would allow a smooth transition from war to peace, he said, it is important for a process to be put into place, he said.	1
The American conservatives are clearly in the minority within the Episcopal Church.	In the Episcopal Church, the American conservatives are clearly in the minority.	1
It has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.	Then there is the margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.	1
Representatives of its tribal and ethnic groups named a cross section of residents yesterday to run municipal affairs alongside the US military.	Repatriates of its tribal and ethnic groups were named a cross section of residents yesterday to run municipal affairs alongside the US military.	1
Representatives of its tribal and ethnic groups named a cross section of residents yesterday to run municipal affairs alongside the US military.	Reps of tribal and ethnic groups of its tribal and ethnic groups selected a cross section of residents yesterday to run municipal affairs alongside the US military.	1
The ELF has claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	Has the ELF claimed responsibility for a slew of arson attacks against commercial entities that members say threaten or damage the environment.	1
Shiite Muslims account for about a third of Quetta's of 1.2 million people.	In Quetta, there are 1.2 million people; 1 third of the population is Shiite.	1
About 24 percent of men who took placebo, or 1,147 men, developed prostate cancer.	In men who took a placebo, or 1,147, about 24 percent of men, developed prostate cancer.	1
A panel of the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals upheld California's assault weapons ban in a 2-1 ruling last December.	In a 2-1 decision last December, the 9th US Circuit Court of Appeals upheld California's assault weapons ban.	1
Cardenas and Estrada, who is on trial for economic plunder, have denied any involvement.	Is cardenas and Estrada on trial for economic plunder? They deny any involvement in this.	1
Cardenas and Estrada, who is on trial for economic plunder, have denied any involvement.	Carlos Cardenas and Antonio Estrada, accused of financial plunder, have denied any involvement in the plot.	1
The number of passengers aboard was not known and may never be, since ferry operators rarely keep full passenger lists.	What number of passengers on a ferry was not known or may never be, since ferry operators rarely keep full passenger lists.	1
The MPx200, which will sell for $299.99, is now available through AT&T Wireless' mMode service.	Will the MPx200 sell for $299.99, is now available through AT&T Wireless' mMode service.	1
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation’s critical infrastructure assets."	New division to serve critical infrastructure. "This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets."	1
The WHO experts didn't say how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.	WHO is not specific about how many cases in Hebei were in rural areas.	1
Sales of downloaded singles and albums will be included in Billboard's charts for those configurations.	Billboard: Sale of downloaded singles and albums will be included in Billboard's chart for those configurations.	1
Downer originally said the 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived in a boat off Melville Island last week.	What was downer's original claim that the 14 Kurds had not asked to be considered as refugees when they arrived in a boat off Melville Island last week?	1
The government identified the alleged hijackers as Francisco Lamas Carón, 29, Luis Alberto Suarez Acosta, 22, and Yosvani Martínez Acosta, 27.	The government identified the alleged hijackers as Francisco Lamas Carón, 29, Luis Alberto Suarez Acosta, 22, and Yosvani Martnez Acosta, 27. In that regard, the "Handoners" were Francisco Lamas Carón and Luis Alberto Suarez Acosta et al.	1
The government identified the alleged hijackers as Francisco Lamas Carón, 29, Luis Alberto Suarez Acosta, 22, and Yosvani Martínez Acosta, 27.	Whereas the government identified the alleged hijackers as Francisco Lamas Carón, 29, Luis Alberto Suarez Acosta, 22, Yosvani Martnez Acosta, 27. The government identified the alleged hijackers as Francisco Lamas Carón, 29, Luis Alberto Suarez Acosta, 22.	1
"The court expects that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary," O'Connor wrote.	In 2025, "the court expects that the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary," O'Connor wrote.	1
The FTC also said AOL and CompuServe failed to deliver timely rebates to consumers.	Apparently, AOL and CompuServe are not providing rebates to consumers. The FTC also said that they are not providing timely rebates to consumers.	1
CELF said IBM is pursuing membership and plans to be an active participant in the forum.	CELF announced that IBM will be participating in the Forum.	1
CELF said IBM is pursuing membership and plans to be an active participant in the forum.	What is the purpose of CELF? IBM is interested in attending in this forum.	1
The news came as authorities in Taiwan quarantined hundreds at two major hospitals amid fears of a widespread epidemic of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome on the self-governing island.	As of today, the government in Taiwan had quarantined hundreds of people at two major hospitals amid fears of a widespread epidemic of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome on the self-governing island.	1
The news came as authorities in Taiwan quarantined hundreds at two major hospitals amid fears of a widespread epidemic of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome on the self-governing island.	Why the Taiwan authorities have quarantined hundreds of patients in two major hospitals amid fears of a widespread epidemic of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome on the self-governing island.	1
The Satellite's 17-inch panel offers a maximum resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels, Toshiba said.	Toshiba said the 17.-inch Toshiba Satellite was designed with a total resolution of 1,440 by 900 pixels.	1
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.	Do the average American make four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands?	1
The average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands.	Is the average American makes four trips a day, 45 percent for shopping or errands?	1
The key vote Thursday came on the dividend tax provision offered by Sen. Don Nickles, R-Oklahoma.	What were the key votes Thursday on the dividend tax provision offered by Sen. Don Nickles, R-Oklahoma.	1
"We did not want to shut down," Lawrence Diamond, the CFO, said as O'Donnell lawyer Matthew Fishbein questioned him.	"We did not want to shut down," said Lawrence Diamond, the CFO, as O'Donnell lawyer Matthew Fishbein questioned him. "We didn't want to shut down," he said.	1
Columbia broke up over Texas upon re-entry on Feb. 1.	When Columbia broke up with Texas, it broke up over Texas again on Feb. 1.	1
Columbia broke up over Texas upon re-entry on Feb. 1.	After the separation, Columbia & Texas split up after a re-entry on Feb. 1. The two states split on Feb. 1.	1
Because of that, the family had kept him from the home over the objections of the grandmother, police said.	Why the family had kept him from the house over the objections of the grandmother, police said.	1
Because of that, the family had kept him from the home over the objections of the grandmother, police said.	Why were his parents kept him from the home over the objections of the grandmother, said police.	1
Fifty-seven senators, including 24 Republicans, have signed the letter.	The letter was endorsed by 47 senators, including 24 Republicans. These senators all signed the letter.	1
One of the Commission's publicly stated goals is to ensure other producers' server software can work with desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft's.	What are the Commission's public policy goal? To ensure that other producers' server software can work with desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft's.	1
One of the Commission's publicly stated goals is to ensure other producers' server software can work with desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft's.	What is the Commission's goal? Ensure all other vendors' servers support Windows PC as easily as Microsoft's.	1
One of the Commission's publicly stated goals is to ensure other producers' server software can work with desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft's.	What is the Commission's public stated goal to ensure that other producers' server software can work with desktop computers running Windows as easily as Microsoft's.	1
"We respectfully disagreed with Massachusetts's request for fees on the basis that they did not prevail on the vast majority of their original claims," Microsoft spokeswoman Stacy Drake said.	Microsoft says it respectfully disagreed with the Massachusetts' request for fees on the basis that they did not prevail on the vast majority of their original claims," Microsoft spokesperson Stacy Drake said.	1
But he added: "You can't win elections by looking in the rearview mirror."	If you look in the rearview mirror, you can't win elections, he added.	1
She also thanked her boyfriend, Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who was sitting next to the stage.	And thanked her boyfriend, Sgt. Ruben Contreras. who sat next to the stage.	1
Federal offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight (Friday US time).	Fed offices were to remain closed for a second day overnight (Friday US time).	1
It can store more than a gigabyte of information equivalent to around 12 hours of music in one cubic centimetre.	With one cubic centimetre the system can store more than a gigabyte information equivalent to around 12 hours of music.	1
O'Brien's attorney, Jordan Green, declined to comment.	Jordan Green: O'Brien's attorney declined to comment.	1
Revenue in the most-recent quarter rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion.	Revenue in the most-recent quarter rose 5.4 percent to $45.9 billion. The quarter ended Dec. 31, 2015, and the most-recent quarter ended Dec. 31, 2015.	1
The Dow Jones industrial average closed down 18.06, or 0.2 per cent, at 9266.51.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down 18.06, or 0.2 per cent, at 9266.51. The Dow grew 4.45 per cent in 2015, while the Dow gained 0.22 per cent in 2017.	1
But she didn't say whether she'll certify the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05.	Is she going to approve the two-year $117.4 billion budget for 2004-05?	1
If Poland, Spain and Germany were prepared to make concessions in Brussels, the basis for a deal could be found.	If Poland, Spain and Germany were to make concessions in Brussels, the basis would be found.	1
If Poland, Spain and Germany were prepared to make concessions in Brussels, the basis for a deal could be found.	If Poland, Spain and Germany had decided to make concessions in Brussels, then the basis would be found.	1
"We will accede to the request while we explore all of our options," VeriSign spokesman Tom Galvin told Reuters.	Will we take the spec request from VeriSign while we explore all our options," VeriSign spokesperson Tom Galvin told Reuters.	1
Monday ratcheted up its database software line with the introduction of a new suite that automates the process of defining, describing and indexing information contained in the database.	Data processing software company Monday has announced the release of a new suite to automate the process of defining, describing and indexing information contained in the database.	1
Monday ratcheted up its database software line with the introduction of a new suite that automates the process of defining, describing and indexing information contained in the database.	Monday introduced new database software by Monday that automates the process of defining, describing and indexing information contained in a database.	1
Monday ratcheted up its database software line with the introduction of a new suite that automates the process of defining, describing and indexing information contained in the database.	In a company which deals with a database, Monday launched a new set of database software. The new software will automate the process of defining, describing and indexing data.	1
Malvo's attorneys mounted an insanity defense, arguing that Muhammad's indoctrination left him unable to tell right from wrong.	Mohammed's indoctrination left him unable to know right from wrong. Malvo's attorneys mounted an insanity defense.	1
And the First Amendment doesn't say that the free exercise of religion is allowed — except in government buildings.	As far as we know, the First Amendment says that no religion is allowed, except to be worshipped on premises of government.	1
The victim, who was also not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital in "extremely critical" condition, Czartoryski said.	In addition to the unidentified victim, the victim was taken to Kings County Hospital in critical condition, Czartoryski said.	1
The victim, who was also not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital in "extremely critical" condition, Czartoryski said.	What happened to a person, who was not identified as the victim, was taken to Kings County Hospital in critical condition, Czartoryski said.	1
The Chelsea defender Marcel Desailly has been the latest to speak out.	Marcel Desailly - The latest Chelsea defender to speak out in public.	1
In March, 67 percent connected through cable, up from 63 percent a year earlier.	Im March, 67 percent connected through cable, up from 63 percent a year earlier.	1
Close behind was India, 14.3 percent, followed by Thailand and the Philippines.	Where is India, 14.3 percent, followed by Thailand and the Philippines?	1
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.	The North Carolina Speedway officials were not able to contact the Rockingham area.	1
Officials with North Carolina Speedway at Rockingham could not be reached.	If North Carolina Speedway is not at Rockingham, then they could not be reached.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX dropped 9.90 points, or 0.99 percent, to 988.61.	S&P 500 index dropped 9.90 points or 0.99 percent to 988.61.	1
Identical wording was introduced in the Senate last week by three Republicans, Wayne Allard (Colo.), Jeff Sessions (Ala.) and Sam Brownback (Kan.).	The same amendment was introduced in the Senate last week by three Republican, Wayne Allard (Colo.), Jeff Sessions (Ala.) and Sam Brownback (Kan.).	1
Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas were the two other dissenting judges.	The two dissenting judges are the Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas.	1
Chief Justice William Rehnquist and Justice Clarence Thomas were the two other dissenting judges.	In his decision, the Justices William Rehnquist and Clarence Thomas acted as dissenting judge.	1
The Lord Chancellor was guardian of the Great Seal, used to stamp all official documents from the sovereign.	Lord Chancellor guardian of the Great Seal used to stamp all official documents from the sovereign.	1
U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants after coming under fire in southern Afghanistan in the latest in a series of such attacks.	After coming under fire from the Taliban in southern Afghanistan, U.S. troops killed nearly two dozen suspected Taliban militants. The latest in a series of such attacks.	1
The conflict centers on a proposal to change a French unemployment fund for artists that takes into account their downtime between shows.	What is the conflict around a proposal to change a French unemployment fund for artists that take into account their downtime between shows?	1
The two are not related, but have referred to each other as father and son.	In the past, the two father and son were called respectively. The two are not related but the two have referred to each other as their father and son.	1
Hormone replacement therapy that combines estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of more than a million women has found.	Assuming the use of estrogen and progestin doubles a woman's risk of breast cancer, a British study of over 2 million women has found.	1
"It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self interest through cooperation with others."	What is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self interest through cooperation with others?"	1
"It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self interest through cooperation with others."	Is "It is a benign web where we hope to catch investors and where each of us can advance our enlightened self interest through cooperation with others."	1
"It's obvious I'm not riding as well as years past," Armstrong said at a news conference.	"I'm not riding that well as years past", Armstrong said at a news conference.	1
The case had consolidated numerous class action suits filed against Rambus in 2001.	In the case of Rambus, the cases had consolidated multiple class action suits filed against Rambus in 2001.	1
He added that we are "not going to make progress if we don't broaden the tent."	If we don't broaden our tent, we're not going to make progress".	1
He added that we are "not going to make progress if we don't broaden the tent."	"We are not going to make progress if we don't broaden the tent".	1
The MTA had argued it needed to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated at different times ranged from less than $1 billion to $2.8 billion.	It was for the MTA to raise fares to close a two-year deficit it estimated at different times ranged from less than $1 billion to $2.8 billion. If the deficit had not been met, the MTA would have increased the fares.	1
The world's largest software company said it recognized the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the updates.	This is the largest software company in the world, and the company has said it recognizes the difficulty the multiple patches posed for companies, and set out to make it easier for them to apply the patches.	1
The vote came just two days after Kurds swept City Council elections, taking the largest single block of votes on the 30-seat council.	It is reported that the Kurdish community swept the council elections two days ago, taking the largest single block of votes in the 30-seat council.	1
Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., is someone who might be helped by the legislation pending in Congress.	What would be helping Dolores Mahoy, 68, of Colorado Springs, Colo., if the bill pending in Congress were passed.	1
Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi, whose country holds the rotating EU presidency, said he was prepared to call another meeting of leaders next month.	Silvio Berlusconi says he will call a meeting of the European leaders next month.	1
But Islamic Jihad's main leadership in the Gaza Strip disowned the bombing, saying the group was still committed to the ceasefire.	Who owns Gaza: Islamic Jihad's main leadership in the Gaza Strip rejected the bombing, saying the group was still committed to the ceasefire.	1
Cox said state police would still help his office in the investigation, but Sturdivant would not be involved.	Cox said the state police would still help with the investigation, but the Sturdivant will not be involved.	1
The skull is then punctured, the brain suctioned out, and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal.	If the skull is punctured and the brain suctioned out, and that causes the skull to collapse, so it can be removed from the birth canal.	1
The skull is then punctured, the brain suctioned out, and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal.	In another procedure the skull is punctured, and the brain suctioned out. This causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal.	1
The skull is then punctured, the brain suctioned out, and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal.	When the skull is punctured, and the brain suctioned out, and that causes the skull to collapse so it can be removed from the birth canal.	1
Large swells and dangerous surf already were being felt along sections of the coast.	The area is also swollen and dangerous surf is already being felt along the coast.	1
He said: "I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	What happened was bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected. "I fear on this occasion what happened was the bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	1
He said: "I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	What happened is that bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected. I fear on this occasion what happened was that bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	1
He said: "I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	What happened was bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected. "He said: "I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	1
He said: "I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	What happened to bits of the alphabet that supported the case were selected, he said. "I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected."	1
He said: "I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	What happened was that bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected. I fear on this occasion what happened was that bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	1
He said: "I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	What happened was bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected. I fear on this occasion what happened was that bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	1
He said: "I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	What happened to bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected. I fear on this occasion what happened was that bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected.	1
Wall Street was also waiting for aluminum maker Alcoa Inc. AA.N to report earnings after the close.	Wall Street waited to see earnings report of Alcoa Inc. (AA.N) after NASDAQ closed.	1
The total number of new cases in China was fewer than 100 for the third day in a row.	China reported fewer than 100 cases on the third day in a row.	1
Rosenthal declined comment on the Garrett situation Tuesday but said in a statement: "We had a big contract negotiation.	Rosenthal says the G.J. Garrett case is over but he did not comment on the Garrett case. "We had a big contract negotiation.	1
It marked the fourth straight week and the ninth time this year that rates on this benchmark mortgage fell to an all-time weekly low.	For the ninth time in 2016-2017, rates on a typical mortgage fell below the all time high. The lowest weekly low in over 50 years was found on an average in November 2016.	1
I've still got a fighting chance, though," Hewitt said after battling to overcome Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	Hewitt said there's a chance I've got a fighting chance after beating Davydenko 6-3 4-6 6-3 7-6 (7-5) on centre court.	1
Then they moved inside the mosque and started firing on the people,'' he told the Associated Press.	What did they do inside the mosque then shoot the people,'' he told the Associated Press.	1
The company is in the early stages of testing the drug for rheumatoid arthritis.	At the moment, the company is testing the drug for rheumatoid arthritis.	1
R&D spending is expected to be $4.4 billion for the year, as compared to the previous expectation of $4.3 billion.	As compared to previous forecasts, R&D spending will be $4.4 billion in the year.	1
R&D spending is expected to be $4.4 billion for the year, as compared to the previous expectation of $4.3 billion.	As of 2019, we expect R&D spending to be $4.4 billion, compared to the previous projected budget of $4.3 billion.	1
R&D spending is expected to be $4.4 billion for the year, as compared to the previous expectation of $4.3 billion.	Research and Development will be $4.4 billion for the year, as compared to the previous forecast of $4.3 billion	1
The benchmark 10-year note US10YT=RR slipped 16/32 in price, sending its yield to 4.48 percent from 4.42 percent late on Thursday.	Stock prices of 10-year note were lowered by 16-32. USD yields to 4.48 percent after 4.42 percent yield fell.	1
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.	When it was contacted by the California Farm Bureau, it did not return any further calls.	1
That package included increases to both the city's sales and income taxes.	What is the deal, in essence, with the city, and includes an increase in sales tax and income tax.	1
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.	Buy a Windows and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, according to a report.	1
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.	Buy Windows and Office desktop for $298, excluding taxes, according to a report.	1
Not only is this the oldest known planet, it's also the most distant.	It is the oldest planet in the Universe, but also the most distant.	1
When asked where the weapons were, Rice said: ''This is a program that was built for concealment.	Where the weapons were, Rice said: "This is a program that was built for concealment.	1
They have been identified by the Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office as Melena's brother, Angel Melena, 25, and Narcisco Del Angel Lozano, 34.	At the time of writing the above report, the Tarrant County Medical Examiner's Office identified them as Angel Melena, 25, and Narcisco del Angel Lozano, 34. They have been identified as Melena's brother.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	Do United Nations inspectors have found traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, raising worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapon program?	1
Dynes will get $395,000 a year, an increase over Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.	Will Dynes get $395,400 a year, an increase over Atkinson's salary of $341,400?	1
Shares of Coke closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01.	Shares of Coca-Cola closed New York Stock Exchange trading Thursday at $44.01. Shares of Coca-Cola closed Thursday at $44.01.	1
Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips against little or no competition.	Has Qualcomm enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips against little or no competition.	1
Predictions ranged from 16 cents a share to 27 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.	Thomson First Call, Inc. : The range of predictions ranged from 16 cents to 27 cents a share.	1
A federal judge ruled that the monument violated the law and ordered it removed.	The monument was unsuitable for display because it violated a federal law. The judge ordered it to be removed.	1
Other recommendations included a special counsel on oceans in the White House, creation of regional ocean ecosystem councils and a national system to protect marine reserves.	What is the recommendation of a White House Special Counsel on Oceans, creation of regional ocean ecosystem councils and the creation of a national system to protect marine reserves?	1
During the fiscal second quarter, Cisco earned $991 million, or 14 cents a share, on sales of $4.7 billion.	During the fiscal second quarter, Cisco earned $991 million, or 14 cents a share, on sales of $4.7 billion. The Cisco website, www.cisco.com, and www.cisco.com are all linked.	1
The appeals court hearing comes at a sensitive time for Microsoft.	Do you think the hearing at the appellate court is a sensitive time for Microsoft?	1
Gasps could be heard in the courtroom when the photo was displayed.	When pictures were posed in courtrooms with gasps, they could be heard.	1
Last month, it narrowed the range to between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.	As of last month, its value ranged between $7.6 billion and $7.8 billion.	1
"Arifin has disclosed to the I.S.D. that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand," the statement said.	I.S.D. statement: "Arifin has disclosed to the I.S.D. that he is involved with a group of like-minded individuals in planning terrorist attacks against certain targets in Thailand" statement said.	1
An amendment by Rep. Ellen Tauscher of California to create a special committee to investigate Iraq intelligence failures was rejected on procedural grounds.	Do you think the amendment by Rep. Ellen Tauscher of California to create a special committee to investigate Iraq intelligence failures was rejected on procedural grounds?	1
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Intel Inc. has announced that the quarter was close. It said the quarter was a good quarter and the business was operating as expected.	1
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Intel announced its quarterly results mid-quarter and said that the business was proceeding exactly as planned.	1
"The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber in to the U.S. market," Rusty Wood, chairman of the coalition, said in a release.	Cannadian producers dump lumber in to U.S. markets, says Rusty Wood, chair of the coalition. "The NAFTA ruling confirms that Canadian producers dump lumber in to the U.S. market," Rusty Wood said in a release.	1
Doctors have advised that the boy get chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	Doctors have advised that Parker Parker get chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	1
Doctors have advised that the boy get chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	Doctors have advised that Parker's growth be stopped with chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	1
Doctors have advised that the boy get chemotherapy, but Daren and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	Medics have advised Parker a chemotherapy visit, but Daren Jensen and Barbara Jensen have refused, fearing the treatment would stunt Parker's growth and leave him sterile.	1
Combined, the companies will have about $2.8 billion in annual revenues, 13,000 employees and more than 11,000 customers in 150 countries.	Is combining the companies about $2.8 billion in annual revenues, 13,000 employees and more than 11,000 customers in 150 countries?	1
Combined, the companies will have about $2.8 billion in annual revenues, 13,000 employees and more than 11,000 customers in 150 countries.	Which companies will be merged to have about $2.8 billion in annual revenues, 13,000 employees and more than 11,000 customers in 150 countries.	1
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts leaked yesterday.	In some ways the leak of the Lewinsky imbroglio, "said to be another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts leaked yesterday.	1
"For me, the Lewinsky imbroglio seemed like just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents," according to extracts leaked yesterday.	How is the Lewinsky imbroglio perceived as just another vicious scandal manufactured by political opponents" according to extracts leaked yesterday.	1
"But the First Amendment does not shield fraud," Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote for the court.	In her arguments for the court, Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote "That the First Amendment does not shield fraud."	1
Whether it works out, timewise, that I can march with all four ... we'll see what happens," he said.	Is there any chance, timewise, that I can march with all four... we'll see what happens. "	1
But while the prime minister's trial judders to a halt, his co-defendants in the same case are not protected.	While the Prime Minister's trial judders to a halt, his fellow defendants are not protected in the same case.	1
But while the prime minister's trial judders to a halt, his co-defendants in the same case are not protected.	While prime minister's trial is stalled, co-defendants in the same case are not protected from prosecution.	1
Cubs manager Dusty Baker sees his slugger struggling.	Dusty Baker says his Cubs slugger is struggling.	1
Without comment, the court declined to hear suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore's appeals.	If Alabama Supreme Court declined to hear Roy Moore's appeals without comment, the court declined to hear the suspension of the chief justice's appeal.	1
The Modesto Bee and NBC were notified their calls had been intercepted, Goold said.	When the Modesto Bee notified the NBC affiliates they had intercepted their calls, Goold said.	1
My view is these al-Qaeda terrorists - and I believe it was al-Qaeda - would prefer to have many such events."	As to al-Qaeda, I think it was al-Qaeda. In my opinion they would prefer to have many such events.	1
Steverson said Williams was known as a racist who did not like Blacks.	Steverson said Williams was a racist. He said he was uneasy with Black people.	1
The latest quarter's profit was a penny above of the average estimate as compiled by Thomson First Call.	What is more, the latest quarter's profit was a penny above the average estimate as compiled by Thomson First Call.	1
More than 60 percent of the company's 1,000 employees were killed in the attack.	What's more, more than 60 percent of the company's 1,000 employees were killed in the attack.	1
Only two bidders of the six have expressed interest in the whole pie - oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr.	Assuming all six bids are not the same, only two of them have expressed interest in the pie - oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr.	1
Only two bidders of the six have expressed interest in the whole pie - oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr.	Only two bidding managers are interested in the whole pie: Oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr.	1
Only two bidders of the six have expressed interest in the whole pie - oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr.	Only two bidders in the six has expressed interest in the pie. Oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr.	1
Only two bidders of the six have expressed interest in the whole pie - oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr.	Only two bidding directors of all six - oil tycoon Marvin Davis and Seagram heir Edgar Bronfman Jr. have expressed interest in the whole pie.	1
Bush also said he plans to meet with scientists and legal experts and will not make a determination on the bill for a few more weeks.	On a different note, Bush is saying he will meet with scientists and legal experts and will not make a determination on the bill for a few more weeks.	1
Variable annuity sales were $4.2 billion, 82 percent higher than a year ago.	The variation annuity sales were $4.2 billion, 82 percent higher than a year ago.	1
Variable annuity sales were $4.2 billion, 82 percent higher than a year ago.	V.A. sales were $4.2 billion, 82 percent higher than a year ago.	1
However, one subset of women — those on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy — appeared to show improvement in survival.	Some females were able to improve their survival while receiving chemo, but women underwent hormonal treatment.	1
However, one subset of women — those on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy — appeared to show improvement in survival.	Which subset of women — those on hormonal treatment following chemotherapy — appeared to show improvement in survival.	1
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index lost the most ground, falling 16.95 points to 1,506,76.	The Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index lost the most ground, falling 16.95 points to 1,506,76. "What did a weak tech-heavy Nasdaq index do?	1
"We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff's claims," Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said.	Coke has dismissed the majority of Plaintiff's claims. "We are very pleased that the Court dismissed the vast majority of Plaintiff's claims," said Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus.	1
A postal distribution center where four anthrax-laced letters passed through two years ago was fumigated with chlorine dioxide gas as crews wound up the decontamination process this weekend.	In anthrax-laced mail, a postal distribution center where four anthrax-laced letters passed through two years ago was fumigated with chlorine dioxide gas as crews wound up the decontamination process this weekend.	1
The American military's task is to provide the security in the meantime.	What are the American military's duties in maintaining the security in the meantime?	1
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.	The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89. It includes all of the following: printer, scanner, copier, printer, printer & copier.	1
The FTC has asked the court to suspend its decision while the agency appeals.	FTC will appeal and request the Court to suspend its decision.	1
Officials said the data will be used to verify whether they had stayed beyond their authorized time.	The government is using the data to verify whether a person has stayed for longer than the time it was given.	1
A $5 billion dollar-denominated portion has seen about $19 billion of bids, investors said.	What is 5 billion dollar-denominated portion, about $19 billion of bids, investors said.	1
Even after he turned 94, Lacy worked to change baseball.	When Lacy turned 96, he changed baseball.	1
Dayton finished 24-6 last season, won the Atlantic-10 Conference championship and was a No. 4 seed in the NCAA Tournament.	Dayton finished the 2016-17 season 24-6, won the Atlantic-10 conference championship and was a No. 4 seed in the NCAA Tournament.	1
It would not affect economic damages such as lost wages or hospital bills.	Wouldn't affect economic damages such as lost wages or hospital bills.	1
It would not affect economic damages such as lost wages or hospital bills.	Would not affect economic damages such as lost wages or hospital bills.	1
The proposal also may help Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. fend off a takeover from Indianapoils-based shopping mall operator Simon Property Group Inc.	How will the proposal assist Bloomfield Hills-based Taubman Centers Inc. in fending off a takeover from Indianapoils-based shopping mall operator Simon Property Group Inc.	1
The poll had a margin of error of plus or minus 2 percentage points.	The poll had a margin of error of *2 percentage points.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index eased 7.57 points, or 0.76 percent, at 990.94. ANGELES: In the first quarter, the CME shares slipped 34% to 54.8 billion, the BSE 250 index rose 3.1% to 26.85 million, and the NASDAQ 500 index rose 2.7 percent. It was the lowest level since the beginning of the year. The Shanghai Composite Index fell 4.73 percent to 20.35. In the second quarter, the Indian stock index declined 55.3	1
South Africa has the world's highest caseload with 4.7 million people infected with HIV or AIDS.	South Africa has the most cases of AIDS. About 4.7 million people are infected with it.	1
Cordiant has been on the block since it lost the key Allied Domecq account in April.	Since Cordiant has been on the block since it lost the key Allied Domecq account in April.	1
A Stage One alert is declared when ozone readings exceed 0.20 parts per million during a one-hour period.	In a one hour period, ozone readings can exceed 0.20 parts per million during a Stage One alert.	1
A Stage One alert is declared when ozone readings exceed 0.20 parts per million during a one-hour period.	In one hour, ozone levels exceed 0.20 parts per million. A Stage 1 alert is declared.	1
The department told airlines "the threat level to UK civil aviation interests in Kenya has increased to imminent.	What is the threat level for civil aviation interests in Kenya has increased to imminent," the department told airlines. The Department told airlines "the threat level to UK civil aviation interests in Kenya has increased to imminent.	1
Time magazine named the American soldier its Person of the Year for 2003.	The American soldier was selected as Person of the Year in 2003, by Time Magazine.	1
The anguish was detectable in the voices of those of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.	How was the anguish felt in the voices of those of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.	1
The anguish was detectable in the voices of those of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.	In particular, the anguish felt in the voices of Forlong's television colleagues who would speak on Monday.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> eased 0.37 of a point, or 0.03 percent, at 1,121.	Standard and Poor's 500.SPX> eased 0.37 of a point, or 0.03 percent, at 1,121.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 <.SPX> eased 0.37 of a point, or 0.03 percent, at 1,121.	Standard & Poor's 500 index eased 0.37 of a point, or 0.03 percent, at 1,121.	1
The Republic of Korea was found to lead the way in broadband penetration, with approximately 21 broadband subscribers for every 100 inhabitants.	Its broadband penetration is highest in the Republic of Korea, with about 21 broadband subscribers per 100 inhabitants.	1
The Republic of Korea was found to lead the way in broadband penetration, with approximately 21 broadband subscribers for every 100 inhabitants.	With about 21 broadband subscribers per 100 inhabitants, the Republic of Korea is leading in broadband penetration.	1
Peterson's lawyer, Mark Geragos of Los Angeles, was quick to swipe at the testing procedure.	Mark Geragos of Los Angeles, was quick to swipe at the testing procedure. Peterson's lawyers were quick to swipe at the testing procedure.	1
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.	Is the venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine?	1
The Belgian probe centred on allegations that certain cereals firms were tipped off about prices two hours before they were officially available.	Belgian probe involves suspected scandal whereby a cereal maker was told of his price 2 hours before his release.	1
They said they also seized several items which might be linked to ritual killing, including an animal's skull with a nail driven through it.	Is it possible they seized objects that may be used in ritual killing, including an animal's skull and a nail driving through it?	1
It features a 4K color screen and 40-tone polyphonic sound with exchangeable Style-Up front panels.	With a 4K color screen and 40-tone polyphonic sound with exchangeable Style-Up front panels, it features a 4K color screen and 40-tone polyphonic sound.	1
Dealers said the yen was also undermined by falling Japanese interest rates.	What's more, dealers said the yen was also undermined by falling Japanese interest rates.	1
The World Health Organization and the United States Centers for Disease Control sent down a team to look into it.	World Health Organization (WHO) and the United States Centers for Disease Control sent a team to look into it.	1
The World Health Organization and the United States Centers for Disease Control sent down a team to look into it.	The United States Centers for Disease Control and World Health Organization sent a team to investigate it.	1
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.	What is the situation in Liberia today, with fighting sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.	1
The Globe reported that Smiledge hasn't spoken with his son, Joseph Druce, in eight years.	What does the Globe report about Smiledge not speaking with his son, Joseph Druce, in eight years?	1
SMILING bomber Amrozi was inspired to launch an attack on Bali after his former Australian boss revealed the tourist island was a haven for sinful behaviour by westerners.	What inspired SMILING bomber Amrozi to launch an attack on Bali after his former Australian boss revealed the tourist island was a haven for sinful behaviour by westerners?	1
Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass-produced, lowering the price per valve from 15 cents to 2 1/2 cents.	Was abplanalp using plastic in a model that could be mass-produced, lowering the price per valve from 15 cents to 2 1/2 cents?	1
On Oct. 10, an 18-year-old freshman member of the men's swim team jumped from the same 10th-floor ledge.	On Oct. 10, an 18-year-old freshman swimmer from the men's swim team jump from the same 10th-floor ledge.	1
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year's end.	If approved by the N2H2 Committee, the deal will likely end by year end.	1
"We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," Moqtada al-Sadr said.	Moqtada al-Sadr: "We condemn and denounce the Governing Council, which is headed by the United States," he added.	1
"These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that," Murphy says.	What are some of the violent surgeries that we had and I want to convey that," Murphy says.	1
Under the 1973 Roe vs. Wade ruling, before a fetus could live outside the womb, the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician.	Despite Roe vs. Wade's 1973 decision, the right to have abortion in the womb was left to the woman and her physician.	1
Under the 1973 Roe vs. Wade ruling, before a fetus could live outside the womb, the abortion decision was left to the woman and her physician.	Before a fetus could fetuse from the womb, the abortion decision was left to the woman and her doctor. In this case, as in 1973, the abortion decision was reversed and the child was born back into the womb.	1
Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested paring down the NYSE's 27-member board, changing its composition and making it more accountable.	Sean Harrigan, president of the California Public Employees' Retirement System, also suggested de-presiding over the NYSE's 27 members, making it more accountable.	1
"If that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting," he said to a standing ovation.	If he said "if he's a Democrat, then he is not in the right meeting" to a standing ovation.	1
"If that ain't a Democrat, then I must be at the wrong meeting," he said to a standing ovation.	"If I don't care for the Democrats, then I must be at the wrong meeting," he said to a standing ovation.	1
"I think we made some mistakes with this exam, and it's up to us to identify and correct them," Mills said.	What were the mistakes made in the exam and it is up to us to correct them," said Mills.	1
"But that does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing."	What does that mean for them to do does not clear them of the obligation to do everything possible to protect civilians, and that is not what we're seeing."	1
There is no transcript the courtroom session in Tarrytown, 12 miles north of New York on the Hudson River.	No transcripts of the courtroom session in Tarrytown, 12 miles north of New York on the Hudson River.	1
Watertown, Saugus and Framingham also are going smoke-free Monday, joining a growing number of cities around the country.	Besides Watertown, Saugus and Framingham, all of these cities are also going smoke free as of Monday, as do several other cities around the country.	1
IBM stock rose $1.75, to $84.50, on the New York Stock Exchange.	IBM shares are up $1.75 a share to $84.50 in the New York Stock Exchange. IBM is quoted as having a price of $85.20, which is higher than the previous record of $8.50.5.	1
That is evident from their failure, three times in a row, to get a big enough turnout to elect a president.	What is evidence of their failure to get enough turnout for President on three occasions in a row.	1
He was arrested less than two kilometres from where he allegedly kidnapped her after brutally beating her mother and brother.	After brutally beating her mother and brother, he was arrested less than 2 kilometres from where he allegedly kidnapped her. He is now in custody.	1
His election was hailed in some quarters as a breakthrough for gay rights, but condemned in others as a violation of God's word.	In a way, Trump's victory was a victory for gay rights but it was condemned as a sin.	1
But he said he had Dr Hollingworth's legal advice that he had been denied natural justice by the church inquiry.	Dr Hollingworth said he had been denied natural justice by the church inquiry. He said he had legal advice that he had been denied natural justice by the church inquiry.	1
Dennehy, 21, hasn't been heard from in more than two weeks, and police suspect he was killed in the Waco area.	How come Dennehy, 21, hasn't been heard from in over two weeks and police believe he was killed in the Waco area?	1
"If these loss reductions continue as expected, further rate reductions should be ordered."	If the rate reductions continue as expected, further rate reductions are ordered.	1
President Bush signed a waiver exempting 22 nations from these sanctions because they had signed but not yet ratified the immunity agreement.	WASHINGTON: President Bush signed a waiver exempting 22 countries from these sanctions because they had signed but not yet ratified the immunity agreement.	1
Shares of AT&T climbed 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.	What happened to AT&T shares? They jumped 4.4 percent or 90 cents to $21.40, adding to the previous day's gain of 6 percent.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI climbed 179.97 points, or 2.09 percent, to 8,781.35, ending at its highest level since mid-January.	In a first quarter, Dow Jones industrial average (DJI) jumped 179.97 points, or 2.09 percent, to 8,781.35, ending at its highest level since mid-January.	1
And in the Muslim world, Osama bin Laden is becoming more of a hero, not less of one.	Certainly bin Laden is a hero in the Muslim world and no less so than he is becoming more and more famous.	1
And in the Muslim world, Osama bin Laden is becoming more of a hero, not less of one.	And Muslim world is becoming more and more devoted to Osama Bin Laden.	1
The panels picture the towers standing tall and outline their history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction on Sept. 11, 2001.	How did the towers stand tall and describe their construction, the 1993 bombing and their destruction on Sept. 11, 2001?	1
Though the legal age for marriage in Romania is 18, the country generally tolerates the Gypsy tradition of arranged child weddings.	Whereas Romania has the norms for arranged child marriages, even though the 18 year period is the legal age for marriage in Romania, it allows families to keep the gypsy theme.	1
The Institute for Supply Management's index of nonmanufacturing activity rose unexpectedly in April, reports said.	In April, the index of non-manufacturing activity of the Institute for Supply Management rose unexpectedly, reports said.	1
Although obesity can increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so do smoking and high cholesterol.	Does obesity increase the risk of health problems, skeptics argue, so does smoking and high cholesterol.	1
Coupling, an American version of a hit British comedy, will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.	If Coupling is an American version of a British comedy, then will get the valuable Thursday 9:30 p.m. time slot.	1
It was the third time in four years that wildfires forced the park to close.	The park was closed for the third time in four years after wildfires.	1
Sources who knew of the bidding said last week that cable TV company Comcast Corp. was also looking at VUE.	Until this week, source who knew of the bidding said last week that cable TV company Comcast Corp. was also looking at VUE.	1
The caretaker, identified by church officials as Jorge Manzon, was believed to be among the nine missing - some of them children.	Is the caretaker, identified by church officials as Jorge Manzon, among the nine missing - some of them children?	1
"Of course I want to win again, but I think is worse when you never won before because you are very anxious," he says.	He says he wants to win, but that it's worse, as opposed to winning when the first person wins before him, and that is very anxious.	1
Canadian researchers ordered the slaughter of more than 2,000 cows and conducted an extensive investigation but were not able to find evidence of any other infected animals.	Can Canadian researchers order the slaughter of over 2,000 cows and conducted an extensive investigation but were not able to find evidence of any other infected animals.	1
But MTA officials appropriated the money to the 2003 and 2004 budgets without notifying riders or even the MTA board members considering the 50-cent hike, Hevesi found.	What happened? MTA officials appropriated the money to the 2003 and 2004 budgets without notifying riders or even the MTA board members considering the 50-cent hike, Hevesi said.	1
But MTA officials appropriated the money to the 2003 and 2004 budgets without notifying riders or even the MTA board members considering the 50-cent hike, Hevesi found.	The money came from the MTA of 2004 and 2003 without notifying riders or even the MTA board, citing the 50-cent hike, Hevesi found.	1
The measures could be taken up by the full Senate as early as Friday.	What are some of the measures expected to be brought up by the full Senate as early as Friday?	1
Toronto yesterday had 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases.	Toronto was hit with 64 probable cases of SARS and nine suspect cases yesterday.	1
In terms of a free trade area, we've got a long, long way to go and the Pakistanis understand that.	If Pakistan wants to become a free trade zone, then we've got a long way to go. I think Pakistanis understand that.	1
The technology-loaded Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC added 0.35 of a point, or 0.02 percent, to 1,662.	The technology-loaded Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC added 0.35 of a point, or 0.02 percent, to 1,662. The tech-loaded Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC closed March 9.	1
"This will be a marathon, not a sprint," said Jimmy D. Staton, a senior vice president with the utility.	"This is a marathon not a sprint," said Jimmy D. Staton, a senior vice president with The utility. "This is a marathon not a sprint," said.	1
"I am listening to the same things I listened to 17 years ago," Hollings said.	My ears are still connected to what I heard 17 years ago, Hollings said.	1
The cables can be engorged with far more power, and it can be turned on and off like a water spigot, making billing more accurate, Taub said.	Can you be charged with far more power, and the cables can be engorged with far more power, and it can be turned on and off like a water spigot, making billing more accurate, Taub said.	1
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.	What's the most studied aspect of temperament is how humans respond to novelty?	1
One of the most well studied facets of temperament is how people respond to novelty.	What are some of the most well studied facets of temperament, how do people respond to novelty?	1
July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant.	July 18: Hurlbert files a single count of felony sexual assault against Bryant. Hurlbert.	1
Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike, saying his remarks were "inappropriate".	Mr Koizumi said that Mr Konoike's comments were "inappropriate".	1
Mr Koizumi rebuked Mr Konoike, saying his remarks were "inappropriate".	Koizumi called comments by Mr Konoike "inappropriate".	1
The CBO analysis of the Senate package said an amendment sponsored by Sen. Maria Cantwell, D-Wash., accounted for $40 billion of the total cost.	Amendment of Sen. Maria Cantwell, d-Wash., account for $40 billion in total cost, according to CBO analysis.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	Index for Standard & Poor's 500 Index down 6.11 per cent to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	1
The Nasdaq fell about 1.3% for the month, snapping a seven-month winning streak.	In the past few months, the Nasdaq has fallen about 1.3%, ending a seven-month winning streak.	1
Fifty-seven percent were Hispanic, 10% were Asian, 7% were Black, 16% were Caucasian, and 10% were of other ethnicity.	Fivety-seven percent were Hispanic, 10% were Asian, 7% were Black, 16% were Caucasian, and 10% were other ethnicity.	1
About 10 percent of high school and 16 percent of elementary students must be proficient at math.	How much of a 10 percent high school and 16 percent elementary student must be proficient at math.	1
The Securities and Exchange Commission has also initiated an informal probe of Coke.	The Securities and Exchange Commission has also launched an informal probe of Coca-Cola.	1
That compares with earnings of $446 million, or 7 cents per share, on revenue of $6.3 billion in the same period a year ago.	What is the comparison between the earnings of $446 million, or 7 cents per share, on revenue of $6.3 billion in the same period a year ago.	1
That compares with earnings of $446 million, or 7 cents per share, on revenue of $6.3 billion in the same period a year ago.	What compares earnings of $446 million, or 7 cents per share, on revenue of $6.3 billion in the same period a year ago.	1
Ebert asked Franklin, pointing to a color photo of Linda Franklin on a projection screen.	How does Ebert ask Linda Franklin. She is pointing to a color photo of her on a projection screen.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.	Is the broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index up 8.79 points or 0.96 percent, at 929.06?	1
Moore was expected to be discharged from the hospital Thursday or Friday, according to Jackie Green, a spokeswoman for the show's press agent.	Will Moore be discharged from the hospital on Thursday or Friday, according to Jackie Green, a spokeswoman for the show's press agent.	1
The merged company will keep the Interwoven name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale.	Will the merged company keep Interwoven name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale.	1
The merged company will keep the Interwoven name and be headquartered in Sunnyvale.	Will the newly merged company remain named Interwoven and the rest of the activities will be headquartered at Sunnyvale.	1
The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation Hewlett-Packard Co. may be bidding for the company.	After days of speculation, Hewlett-Packard may bid for the company. The legal ruling follows three days of intense speculation.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index (SPX) fell 3 points, or 0.30 percent, to 995. The broader 200-day index (USD) had increased to 2,057.80, after the US dollar plunged 1.2% in the past year.	1
The European Commission, the EU's antitrust enforcer, is expected to issue its decision next spring — unless a settlement is reached.	EU antitrust enforcement officer is expected to issue decision next spring without a settlement.	1
The European Commission, the EU's antitrust enforcer, is expected to issue its decision next spring — unless a settlement is reached.	Will the European Commission issue its decision in a matter involving antitrust enforcement next spring unless a settlement is reached?	1
"So Sebastian did his best to convincingly confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive," she told jurors.	She told jurors Sebastian did his best to convincely confess to a crime that he didn't commit in order to survive.	1
Twenty percent of Latino students and 23 percent of black students performed at proficient or higher.	Twenty percent of Latino students performed at proficient or higher. 23 percent of black students scored high.	1
But the signal is designed to make it more difficult for consumers to then transfer those copies to the Internet and make them available to potentially millions of others.	What might happen if the signal is designed to make it more difficult for consumers to transfer those copies to the Internet and make them available to potentially millions of others.	1
But the signal is designed to make it more difficult for consumers to then transfer those copies to the Internet and make them available to potentially millions of others.	What's more, the signal is designed to make it harder for consumers to then transfer copies onto the Internet and make them available to potentially millions of others.	1
The dead woman was also wearing a ring and a Cartier watch.	When the woman died, she was also wearing a ring and Cartier watch.	1
Another soldier died and three were wounded when their vehicle hit a land mine or a piece of unexploded ordnance in Baghdad, a military statement said Tuesday.	When the vehicle hit a Landmine in Baghdad, another soldier died, and three were wounded, a military statement said Tuesday.	1
The WWF also thinks a further 13,000 animals are being caught every year around the Straits of Gibraltar and in nearby areas.	According to the WWF, an additional 13,000 animals are caught every year in the Straits of Gibraltar and the surrounding areas.	1
Malvo, 18, goes on trial Nov. 10 in the death of Franklin.	The trial of Douglas Malvo, 18, will take place on Nov. 10 in the death of Franklin.	1
He had also said an interest rate cut by the European Central Bank, which meets Thursday, would be welcome.	He also said that the rate cut by the European Central Bank, which meets on Thursday, would be welcomed.	1
Most of that - $51 billion - was for American troops in Iraq, while another $10 billion was for U.S. forces in Afghanistan.	What - $51 billion - was for American troops in Iraq, while another $10 billion was for U.S. forces in Afghanistan.	1
Two of his cousins members of the Jordanian royal family have been mentioned as possible contenders to the throne.	He reportedly had two cousins in Jordanian royal family. They are potentially likely candidates for the throne.	1
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	If a car breaks the rules, a race observer sits in the passenger seat and follows the car's speed to check for the car's time.	1
A race observer sits in the passenger seat of the vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	In a race observer seat in the passenger seat of a vehicle following the contestant car to record broken rules and track of the car's time.	1
But the justices ruled that the police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.	In a case involving a police supervisor who repeatedly questioned Martnez, the justices ruled that Martinez did not violate his Fifth Amendment rights in doing so.	1
The men were remanded in custody and are due to appear again before court on July 8.	These are the men who were remanded in custody, and will appear again on July 8.	1
The single currency dropped to 136.94 yen compared with its late U.S. level of 137.64.	Purchasing power of Japanese yen falls to 136.94 yen compared to its late U.S. level of 137.64 yen.	1
Leung, who faces a maximum of 50 years in prison if convicted, also told the judge that she understood her constitutional rights.	Should Leung face a maximum of 50 years in prison if convicted, also told the judge that she understood her constitutional rights.	1
Leung, who faces a maximum of 50 years in prison if convicted, also told the judge that she understood her constitutional rights.	If Leung was convicted, she could face 50 years in prison. She told the judge that she understood her constitutional rights.	1
The news comes after Drax's American owner, AES Corp. AES.N , last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer.	Drax's American owner, AES Corp. AES.N, last week walked away from the plant after banks and bondholders refused to accept its restructuring offer.	1
Mizuho's (JP:8411: news, chart, profile) shares closed up 3,500 yen, or 4.8 percent, to 76,800 yen.	Is Mizuho's (JP:8411: news, chart, profile) stock closing up 3,500 yen, or 4.8 percent, to 76,800 yen.	1
Mizuho's (JP:8411: news, chart, profile) shares closed up 3,500 yen, or 4.8 percent, to 76,800 yen.	How Mizuho's (JP:8411: news, chart, profile) shares closed up 3,500 yen, or 4.8 percent, to 76,800 yen. Yen.	1
A 64 year-old paedophile described by police as the "most prolific Internet groomer ever caught" has been jailed for five years.	A 64 year old paedophile has been jailed for five years for the "most prolific internet groomer ever caught" by the police.	1
Sylvan Shalom, the Israeli Foreign Minister, said there was a possibility that Mr Bush “will come to this area”.	In the Israeli Foreign Ministry, Sylvan Shalom said that there was a possibility that Mr Bush would come to this area.	1
He also said it is too early to know whether a second wave might occur later in the winter.	It is too early to know whether a second wave will occur later in the winter.	1
Her birthday, 21 April, was declared a public holiday and she attended a reception and a ball.	She was declared a public holiday on 21 April. The day after she turned 21 was declared a public holiday. She attended a reception and a ball.	1
"Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay.	I don't want to see anybody take a cut in pay. Right from the beginning, we didn't want to see anyone take a cut in pay."	1
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	If the transition is to start no later than June 7, Dayton said.	1
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	If the transition is to begin on June 7, Dayton said.	1
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	If the transition is to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	1
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	Dayton says the transition will begin on June 7.	1
Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro, won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.	On the Vote: Miodrag Zivkovic of the Liberal Alliance of Montenegro won 31 percent of the vote while the independent Dragan Hajdukovic got four percent.	1
The greenback scored beefy gains against the euro, yen and Swiss franc despite weaker-than-expected September U.S. retail sales figures.	A sharp rise in the greenback against euro, yen and Swiss franc despite a weak September retail sales.	1
The Phillies were upset that Counsell had stolen second in the sixth inning with Arizona leading 7-1.	What were the Phillies upset about how Michael Counsell stole second in the sixth inning when Arizona led 7-1.	1
Shares of the company, the second-largest U.S. coal producer behind Peabody Energy Corp. BTU.N , were up more than 3 percent in afternoon trade.	BTU.N. shares were up over 3 percent in the afternoon trade. Shares of the company, the second largest U.S. coal producer, behind Peabody Energy Corp.	1
The American Film Institute recently named her the top female screen legend.	She is a woman and a film legend. The American Film Institute recently named her the best female screen legend.	1
A demolitions expert for JI, al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	In the Philippines, a demolition expert for JI al-Ghozi was arrested in January 2002.	1
A demolitions expert for JI, al-Ghozi was arrested in Manila in January 2002.	He was arrested in Manila in January 2002. He is a demolition specialist of JI.	1
But Abraham said changes in air-pollution rules would be up to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).	Aram Isaac said changes in air-pollution rules would be up to the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA).	1
"There is no need for one deadline for all to create the ASEAN Economic Community," Thaksin said.	Asean Economic Community, said Thaksin. "There is no need for one deadline for all to create the ASEAN Economic Community."	1
"Biotech products, if anything, may be safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said.	It is that biotech products are safer than conventional products because of all the testing," Fraley said.	1
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.	At their December meeting, Boeing's board is also expected to decide whether to sell the airplane to airlines or not.	1
The announcement was made during the recording of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops, and many elite from Italian society, witnesses said.	It has been reported that the announcement was made during the recording of a Christmas concert attended by top Vatican cardinals, bishops, and many elite Italian's, witnesses said.	1
They face charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	There are also charges of robbery and impersonation of a police officer.	1
They face charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	What are the charges of robbery and impersonation of a police officer?	1
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing how serious the problem remains.	The Academy also said it will get its own report next week detailing how serious the problem remains.	1
He also said the academy will get its own internal report next week detailing how serious the problem remains.	According to the academy, it will get its own internal report next week detailing how serious the problem remains.	1
"Kahuku Ranch has world - class qualities - tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity."	What are some of the world-class qualities of Kahuku Ranch: its resources, its beauty, and its value to global biodiversity.	1
Southwest said it had already inspected its fleet of 385 aircraft and found no additional suspicious items.	Southwest has launched an investigation into its 385 aircraft. The company has said it has discovered no additional suspicious items.	1
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	The addition of the U.S. food aid to North Korea this year brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	1
"It ends tonight," a grim Keanu Reeves announces, in the trailer for The Matrix Revolutions.	In the trailer for The Matrix Revolutions "It ends tonight," an grim Keanu Reeves declares.	1
His daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press that he died in his sleep, apparently of heart failure.	He died in his sleep, and his daughter, Nina Axelrod, told The Associated Press. She claims he had heart failure.	1
Media moguls jostled for position as the deadline for bids for Vivendi Universal's U.S. entertainment empire neared on Monday in an auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.	In an auction of Hollywood's best-known assets, media moguls joctled for position as the deadline for bids for Vivendi Universal's U.S. entertainment empire neared on Monday.	1
Stewart said she intends to declare her innocence and proceed to trial if she is indicted, her lawyer said in a statement.	Stewart's lawyer said she intends to defend her innocence in court if she is indicted. They also said she will go to trial.	1
Stewart said she intends to declare her innocence and proceed to trial if she is indicted, her lawyer said in a statement.	Stephen Stewart said she will continue to assert her innocence and go to trial when she is indicted, her lawyer said.	1
Stewart said she intends to declare her innocence and proceed to trial if she is indicted, her lawyer said in a statement.	When indicted, Stewart said she intends to declar her innocence and proceed to trial if she is indicted, her lawyer said in a statement.	1
Several police officers were also said to be seriously hurt.	In addition to the officer and police severties, many other police officers were also wounded.	1
The 60-year-old millionaire hugged his attorneys, saying: "Thank you so much."	From his lawyers, the 60-year-old millionaire hugged his attorney, saying: "Thank you so much."	1
The report cites the marriage of the alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, to Farida, a "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".	According to the report, alleged operational commander of the Bali bombings, Mukhlas, married Farida, an "highly cosmopolitan and well-educated young woman".	1
This deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system subject to the same vulnerabilities the world over," Geer added.	Since nearly all computers use a single operating system with the same vulnerabilities the world over, this deterioration of security compounds when nearly all computers rely on a single operating system with the same vulnerabilities "Geer added."	1
Its legal representatives began meeting with plaintiffs' attorneys last week to discuss a settlement.	As of last week, the Company had been in business since first meeting with the plaintiffs' attorneys. The Legal representatives met with the Plaintiffs' attorneys to discuss a settlement.	1
Quattrone is accused of obstructing justice by helping to encourage co-workers in an e-mail to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals.	Is Quattrone obstructing justice by helping co-workers in an e-mail to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals?	1
Quattrone is accused of obstructing justice by helping to encourage co-workers in an e-mail to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals.	As Quattrone has been accused of obstructing justice by helping to encourage co-workers in an email to destroy files on lucrative investment banking deals.	1
Prosecutors said the investment was a breach of duty and resulted in the pension fund immediately losing $1 million.	The pension fund immediately lost $1 million. The prosecution says the investment was a breach of duty.	1
Nonetheless, the economy "has yet to exhibit sustainable growth."	In short, the economic system "has yet to exhibit sustainable growth."	1
"The only thing that I know for certain is that these are bad people," Bush told a joint news conference with Blair.	In a news conference today, Bush and Blair admitted that "The only thing that I know for sure is that these are bad people."	1
New cases of SARS might continue to appear, the authors write ominously, "until the stratospheric supply of the causative agent becomes exhausted."	Can new cases of SARS continue, the authors write ominously, "until the stratospheric supply of the causative agent becomes exhausted."	1
Such a letter indicates the government intends to pursue an indictment and believes it has substantial evidence to support an indictment, the company said.	The company said the letter shows the government intends to pursue an indictment and believes it has substantial evidence to support an indictment.	1
Such a letter indicates the government intends to pursue an indictment and believes it has substantial evidence to support an indictment, the company said.	What is such a letter indicates the government intends to pursue an indictment and believes it has substantial evidence to support an indictment, said the company.	1
Furthermore, with the target fed funds rate at 1 percent, "substantial further conventional easings could be implemented if the FOMC judged such policy actions warranted."	The target fed funds rate is 1 percent and if the FOMC found such policy actions warranted, can substantially further conventional easings be implemented?	1
It would remove $55 billion in tax subsidies for exporters, which are illegal under international trade law, in exchange for new tax breaks.	If the decision is taken, the government will drop $55 billion in tax subsidies for exporters, which are illegal under international trade law, in exchange for new tax breaks.	1
"This is a cloud hanging over their credibility, their word," said Hagel.	That cloud hanging over their credibility, their word, said Hagel.	1
"This is a cloud hanging over their credibility, their word," said Hagel.	What is a cloud hanging over their credibility, their word, Hagel said.	1
Workers' taxable income then is reduced by that amount.	It reduces the worker's taxable income by that amount.	1
Workers' taxable income then is reduced by that amount.	In practice, the workers' taxable income is reduced by that amount.	1
He transferred another 10 million shares to a charitable trust and these shares were also liquidated.	A 10 million share transfer was made to the charitable trust and these shares were also liquidated.	1
The player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.	What happened if the player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.	1
The player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.	What do you think happened if the player's eyes were bloodshot and a blood-alcohol test produced a reading of 0.18 - well above Tennessee's level of presumed intoxication of 0.10, the report said.	1
"Although the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected."	Assuming that the preconditions for recovery remain in place, the prospect for external demand for UK output is weaker than previously expected.	1
The outbreak was especially intense in Colorado, where within the past month more than 6,300 people have been infected and at least six have died.	In Colorado, where in the past month over 6300 people have been infected and at least six have died, the outbreak was especially intense.	1
The ministers also intend to initiate plans for a national centre for disease control.	All the ministers will commence the creation of a national centre for disease control.	1
Taiwan ranked No. 3 in the world behind China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	In the world, Taiwan is no. 3 after China and Hong Kong for SARS deaths and cases.	1
She noted some fast-food chains, including McDonald's, already display calorie information in their stores or on their Web sites.	She noted that fast food chains, including McDonald's, have already displayed calorie information in their stores or on their Web sites. Is this accurate?	1
She noted some fast-food chains, including McDonald's, already display calorie information in their stores or on their Web sites.	According to her, some fast-food chains, including McDonald's, already display calories in their stores or on their Web sites.	1
She noted some fast-food chains, including McDonald's, already display calorie information in their stores or on their Web sites.	Some fast food restaurants, including McDonalds, already display calorie information in their stores or on their Web sites.	1
He tried to fight off officers and was taken to a hospital after a police dog bit him but was later released.	Asked if he had tried to fight off a police dog he was bitten, he was taken to a hospital but was later released.	1
Not only had Bashir given his blessing but he had asked "that we hit the target well", Mr Bafana said.	Bashir had given his blessing and he had asked that we hit the target well ", Mr Bafana said.	1
Not only had Bashir given his blessing but he had asked "that we hit the target well", Mr Bafana said.	Bafana added that Bashir had given his blessing and that he had asked that we hit the target well.	1
Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe said five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene after yesterday's incident.	Five people were taken to hospital and three were treated at the scene of yesterday's incident, said Metropolitan Ambulance spokesman James Howe.	1
Farmland Foods President George Richter said, "With Smithfield's support and leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it."	With Smithfield's leadership, Farmland Foods will succeed and continue to sustain the Midwestern communities which depend on it," said George Richter, President of Farmland Foods.	1
The panel ordered the Commerce Department to issue revised figures for the duties within 60 days.	According to the panel, Commerce Department is required to issue revised figures for duties within 60 days.	1
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.	In Italy, a beauty contest will be held next week. Will it be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups?	1
A beauty contest to be held in Italy next week may be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.	If a beauty contest happens in Italy next week, it will be the first for pixel-perfect pin-ups.	1
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.	Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for Khamenei's death. Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for an end to the country's hard-line establishment.	1
A number of conflicting standards and media formats exist today making the digital home complex to set-up and manage.	Currently there are many conflicting standards and media formats that make the digital home complex to set-up and manage.	1
Asked if the delegates could leave on Friday, police intelligence chief in Aceh, Surya Dharma, told reporters they could not because they did not have proper permission.	Surya Dharma, a police intelligence chief in Aceh, told reporters the delegates could not leave on Friday because they did not have proper permission.	1
Some 175 million shares traded on the Big Board, a 7 percent increase from the same time a week ago.	How many shares of the Big Board have been traded, up 8 percent from last week, the same time as the stock market. More than 175 million shares have been traded on the Big Board, a 7 percent increase from the same time a week ago.	1
The new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to major general.	What is the new Army Commander is the Masaka Armoured Brigade commanding officer, Brigadier Aronda Nyakairima who is now promoted to Major General	1
The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	Finalists will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	1
The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	Finals in Carson will be Oct. 12 at the new Home Depot Center in Carson.	1
The study found that only about one-third of parents of sexually experienced 14-year-olds knew their children were having sex.	Studies show that one-third of parents knew their 14-year-olds had sex. Only one-third knew it happened.	1
WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.	WorldCom filed for bankruptcy in July 2002. It was found to be insolvent last year.	1
WorldCom's financial troubles came to light last year and the company subsequently filed for bankruptcy in July, 2002.	WorldCom filed for bankruptcy in July 2002. WorldCom's bankruptcy came to light last year.	1
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	If the debtors voted to reject the bailout plan, if the creditors are right, LG might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	1
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	Has LG Group been forced to close its credit card business if it failed to qualify for the bailout?	1
On Monday, the Dow declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.	On Monday, the Dow Jones declined 5.25, or 0.1 percent, at 8,983.80, having shed 2.3 percent last week.	1
He found that men who had ejaculated more than five times a week in their 20s were a third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life.	If men had ejaculated more than five times a week in their 20s, they are a third less likely to develop aggressive prostate cancer later in life.	1
"Instead of pursuing the most imminent and real threats to our future -- terrorism -- this Bush administration chose to settle old scores," he said.	"The Bush administration chose to settle old scores and not pursue the most imminent threats to our future -- terrorism," he said.	1
The number of hostnames using BSD is nearing four million, while the number of active sites is nearly two million, Netcraft said.	How many hostnames are registered for BSD and how many active sites are registered is nearly four million, Netcraft said.	1
The number of hostnames using BSD is nearing four million, while the number of active sites is nearly two million, Netcraft said.	Is the number of hostnames using BSD nearing four million, while the number of active sites is almost two million, Netcraft said.	1
Dealers said the dollar also drew some downside support as Japanese investors are expected to keep snapping up foreign bonds amid the yen's rise against the dollar.	As the yen rises against the dollar, Japanese investors are expected to buy foreign bonds in the short term. Dealers said the dollar drew some downside support as Japanese investors are expected to keep snapping up foreign bonds.	1
The civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month - sliding down to 6.1 percent - as companies slashed payrolls by 93,000.	As companies cut payrolls by 93,000 last month, the civilian unemployment rate improved marginally last month. It now stands at 6.1 percent.	1
The proposal likely would result in the election of 22 Republicans and 10 Democrats to Congress, instead of the state's current 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans, officials say.	What would be the implications of the proposed election of 22 Republicans and 10 Democrats to Congress, instead of the state's current 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans, officials say.	1
"After careful analysis, WHO has concluded that the risk to travelers to Beijing is now minimal," Omi said today at a news conference in Beijing.	WHO: "After careful analysis, WHO has concluded that the risk to travelers to Beijing is now minimal," Omi said today at a news conference in Beijing.	1
"This fire is going to have a great potential to get into those areas," Oltrogge said.	What will this fire have a great potential to get into those areas," Oltrogge said.	1
Her father, Florin Cioaba, the king of Transylvania's Gypsies, had her brought back and she was married against her will.	The daughter of Florin Cioaba, the king of Transylvania's Gypsies, has been brought back and married to Florin Cioaba against his will.	1
It says the intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.	What will the intervention force do? It says it will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.	1
The Fed afterglow lingered well into Wednesday and enhanced demand for the second installment of a massive U.S. Treasury refunding -- $18 billion in five-year notes.	After the Fed, it lingered well into Wednesday and increased demand for the second installment of a massive U.S. Treasury refunding -- $18 billion in five-year notes.	1
However, the Nasdaq composite index managed to eke out a gain of 4.64 points at 1,735.34.	Has Nasdaq Composite Index eked out 4.64 points at 1,735.34?	1
Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.	Donald Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met today with Junichiro Koizumi, the Prime Minister of Japan.	1
"I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story," Fiorina said.	When he says HP is no longer a integration story, she feels confident, said Fiorina.	1
Making jokes about a mistake like that, that's not something good people do.	What's not good people do to make jokes about a mistake like this?	1
Making jokes about a mistake like that, that's not something good people do.	If people are good at making jokes about a mistake, that is not good.	1
The woman was hospitalized June 15, Kansas health officials said.	She was hospitalized June 15 by Kansas Health officials.	1
The two filed a lawsuit in 1998, alleging IBM's staff doctors never warned them that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning.	The two lawsuit in 1998, alleging IBM's staff doctors never warned them that their symptoms could reflect chemical poisoning.	1
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.	Rich Marsden was a Torch Concepts lawyer and has not answered the phone.	1
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.	Rich Marsden, Torch Concepts lawyer, did not reply to repeated phone calls.	1
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.	If Rich Marsden is the attorney for Torch Concepts, he wouldn't provide answers to a few calls.	1
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.	Rich Marsden, Torch Concepts' attorney, declined to answer to phone calls.	1
The lawyer representing Torch Concepts, Rich Marsden did not respond to repeated phone calls.	Rich Marsden, Torch Concepts' lawyer, did not respond to multiple phone calls.	1
One witness told Anatolian he saw the plane on fire while it was still in the air.	In Anatolian, a witness said he saw the aircraft on fire while it was still in the air.	1
It takes 100 of the 150 House members to conduct business.	Is it for 100 of the 150 house members to conduct business?	1
"They've been in the stores for over six weeks," says Carney.	Carney: They've been in the stores for over six weeks. "They've been in the stores for over six weeks."	1
Let me just say this: the evidence that we have of weapons of mass destruction was evidence drawn up and accepted by the joint intelligence community.	We have the evidence of our own nuclear weapons, that the military is producing nuclear weapons of mass destruction. We have the evidence of our own intelligence, that the military is developing nuclear weapons of mass destruction, and that evidence was accepted by the Joint Intelligence Community.	1
The American Chamber of Commerce and InvestHK, which oversees investment into the territory, are talking to other bands to ask them to step in.	What is the American Chamber of Commerce and investHK, which oversees investment into the territory, are talking to other bands to ask them to step in.	1
The consensus among Wall Street analysts was for a loss of 28 cents a share.	What is the consensus among Wall Street analysts for a loss of 28 cents per share?	1
We are currently trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation. . . .	What are the details of the investigation and how do we understand it....	1
We are currently trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation. . . .	I am currently trying to understand the scope and details of the investigation.	1
"Frank Quattrone is innocent," Keker said in a statement.	Quattrone is innocent, Keker stated.	1
The stalemate, over less than 1 percent of the budget, is more about politics than policy.	What is the stalemate, over less than 1 percent of the budget, is more about politics than policy.	1
Abbas told the summit he would end the "armed intefadeh," renounced "terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be" and alluded to the disarming of militants.	Abbas spoke at the summit on "The Israeli People's Liberation Front" and "All Israel" (Palestinian militants) and promised to end the "armed intefadeh" and renounce terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be. He also referred to the disarming of militants.	1
The single currency rose as far as 135.13 yen , matching a record high hit shortly after the euro's launch in January 1999.	This was a high for a single currency but it did set a record high shortly after the Euro hit the markets. The figure rose to 135.13 yen on August 4th.	1
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.	Pakistani people: Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistani population, Shiites 20 percent.	1
The report that cost Mr Forlong his career at Sky News was screened on 29 March.	That was the news that cost Mr. Forlong his career at Sky news, on 29 March.	1
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.	US 30YT = RR jumped 20/32, taking its yield to 4.14 percent from 4.18 percent.	1
"The momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in our direction," he said of his company, formerly named Caldera Systems.	What is momentum in the marketplace continues to shift in our direction," he said of his company, formerly named Caldera Systems.	1
Thus far, Stewart's company appears ready to stand behind her.	As for Stewart, her company appears willing to stand behind her.	1
That means Democrats can block any Supreme Court nominee through a filibuster if they can get 40 of their members to agree.	Democrats can block Supreme Court nominees through filibuster if they can get 40 votes to act.	1
If the deal is approved, EMC will operate Legato as a software division of EMC headquartered in Mountain View, Calif.	Will EMC operate Legato as a software division of EMC headquartered in Mountain View, Calif. If the deal is approved, EMC will operate Legato as a software division of EMC.	1
The suspects are expected to turn themselves in to Pennsylvania authorities within the next few days.	If the suspects are arrested and taken to Pennsylvania custody, they should turn themselves in within a few days.	1
But late Thursday night, the campaign issued a statement saying there would be no news conference and no big announcement.	When the campaign issued a statement Thursday night saying they would have no news conference and no big announcement.	1
The provision requires the secretary of Health and Human Services (news - web sites) to certify that the importations can be done safely and will be cost-effective.	What is the provision requires the secretary of Health and Human Services (news - web sites) to certify that the importations can be done safely and will be cost-effective.	1
Ms Pike also said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit, but the Government would ensure they remained viable.	If hospitals go into deficit, Government will ensure they remained viable. Ms Pike said it was not unusual for hospitals to go into deficit.	1
There's also a flaw that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	I'll admit there's a problem there if IE doesn't implement a block on the download/copy dialog box.	1
This means Berlusconi will be safe from prosecution until he leaves elected office, scheduled for 2006.	In a nutshell, Berlusconi will be safe from prosecution until he leaves elected office, scheduled for 2006.	1
They found no blood and no bones, he said.	The blood was still not found. No bones, he said.	1
Adults, who were shy as toddlers, had stronger brain activity in a part of the brain associated with coyness.	If adults were shy as toddlers, had stronger brain activity in a part of the brain associated with coyness.	1
The center's president, Joseph Torsella, was struck on the head but was able to walk to an ambulance.	Joseph Torsella, center president, was hit in the head but could walk to an ambulance.	1
Stanford (46-15) takes on South Carolina today at 11 a.m. in the first game of the College World Series.	The Stanford College World Series starts today at 11:30 a.m. Stanford (46-15) will face South Carolina in the first game.	1
Stanford (46-15) takes on South Carolina today at 11 a.m. in the first game of the College World Series.	Stanford plays South Carolina today at 11 a.m. in the first game of the College World Series.	1
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.	Share price of Aspen Technologies dropped 4 points to $2.48 on Nasdaq. That was a 23 percent drop.	1
In addition, it offered the United States and Israel a way to work around Mr. Arafat.	In addition, the U.S. and Israel had a way to work around Mr. Arafat.	1
Against the Canadian dollar, the greenback was trading nearly flat at C$1.3252 <CAD=> after the Bank of Canada kept key interest rates unchanged.	Canadian dollar: Greenback was trading near flat at C$1.3252 CAD=> after Bank of Canada kept key interest rates unchanged. Relying on index figures, the greenback is in line with dollar rates.	1
AAA spokesman Jerry Cheske said prices may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect.	Jerry Cheske of AAA: "This may have affected some plans, but cheap hotel deals mitigated the effect," he added.	1
He was the Ace of Diamonds in a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops.	In a pack of cards depicting Iraqi fugitives that has been issued to U.S. troops he was the Ace of Diamonds. He was the Ace of Diamonds.	1
But the yen's gains were capped by wariness about Japanese intervention, with some traders reporting irregular bids that smack of intervention around 118 yen.	But yen's gains were capped by wariness about Japanese intervention, with traders reporting irregular bids around 118 yen that smack of intervention.	1
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.	Was the Swedish central bank meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday?	1
The Swedish central bank was also meeting on Wednesday and widely expected to announce a cut on Thursday.	If the Swedish Central Bank, which is currently in a recession, is expected to announce a possible cut on Thursday. It will be holding a meeting on Wednesday.	1
"We think that the United States of America should support the free speech of all groups," Mr. White said, objecting to Mr. Olson's recommendation.	I am calling on the United States of America to support the freedom of speech of all groups," Mr. White said, objecting to Mr. Olson's recommendation.	1
RJR spends an estimated $30 million annually on NASCAR.	RJR and NASCAR, while the NASCAR organization runs for an estimated 30 million dollars each year.	1
RJR spends an estimated $30 million annually on NASCAR.	NASCAR: RJR spending an estimated $30 million annually on NASCAR.	1
Police said they will conduct DNA tests to confirm the man's identity.	Will police conduct DNA tests to verify the identity of the man.	1
The jury verdict, reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation, followed a 2 1/2 week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.	What follows is a 2 1/2 week trial in which Waagner represented himself. The verdict was reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation.	1
Actor Noah Wyle, who has played Dr. John Carter since the shows inception in 1994, extended his contract with the show through the 2004-2005 season.	After years of playing Dr. John Carter on the show, Noah Wyle has officially extended his contract with the show for the 2004-2005 season.	1
Investigations by the Air Force inspector general and the Defense Department also are under way.	Also, the Department of Defense and the Air Force Inspector General are investigating.	1
Investigations by the Air Force inspector general and the Defense Department also are under way.	Investigations are being conducted by the Air Force Inspector General, as well as the Defense Department.	1
More than 60 suspected cases have been reported in the United States, none of them fatal.	Why is there not a person who died in the United States, but has reported at least 60 suspected cases.	1
The woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.	Is it true that the woman felt threatened and went to the magistrate's office, police said.	1
Goldman decided to increase its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share from 12 cents, citing recent tax legislation as a primary factor behind the move.	Goldman Sachs has announced that it will raise the dividend to 25 cents a share. However, the company still has 12 cents. The increase is based on recent tax legislation.	1
Boeing shares fell 3.5 percent to close at $27.62 on the New York Stock Exchange, while Lockheed slipped 1.4 percent to $49.50.	New York Stock Exchange: Boeing shares are down 3.5 percent to close at $27.62, while Lockheed shares fell 1.4 percent to $49.50. Boeing is the third largest maker of aerospace equipment. Is it trading in an equities market?	1
Searches for survivors from several previous shipwrecks have often had to be abandoned for similar reasons, leaving the vessels and most of their passengers unaccounted for.	Numerous search crews have abandoned their search for survivors from previous shipwrecks for similar reasons, leaving most of their passengers unaccounted for.	1
UAL attorney James Sprayregen told a court hearing yesterday that it would submit a fresh business plan, but gave no indication of when.	UAL ad vert James Sprayregen told a court hearing yesterday that it would submit a fresh business plan but gave no indication of when.	1
There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.	Whereas between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis worked for state-owned enterprises, most were non- operative, he said.	1
There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.	About 500,000 Iraqis are employed by state owned enterprises. Most of them are not operative, he said.	1
There were estimated to be between 400,000 and 750,000 Iraqis employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of the businesses were non- operative, he said.	Is it true that about 400,000 to 750,000 Iraqis were employed by state-owned enterprises, but most of them were non-operative?	1
He and 13 others were arrested Monday after blocking traffic in support of striking university workers.	He was arrested in connection with an incident on Monday that saw 13 people blocked the road in support of striking university workers.	1
My judgment is 95 percent of that information could be declassified, become uncensored so the American people would know," Mr. Shelby said on NBC's "Meet the Press."	I think 95 percent of the information should be declassified and that's it. The American people would know what this is about." Mr. Shelby said on the program on NBC's "Meet The Press".	1
Following the ATP's notification by Hewitt's lawyers of pending action, it issued another statement that Hewitt has added to his suit.	ATP's notification by Hewitt's lawyers of pending action issued another statement that Hewitt has added to his suit.	1
Following the ATP's notification by Hewitt's lawyers of pending action, it issued another statement that Hewitt has added to his suit.	When the ATP issued its notification to Hewitt's lawyers announcing pending action, it issued another statement that Hewitt has added to his suit.	1
"I´m very proud of the citizens of this state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	I'm proud of the people of the state," Gov. John Baldacci said.	1
The program, which downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it, is invisible to the computer's owner.	What is the computer program, which downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it, is invisible to the computer's owner.	1
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.	From its perspective, Toll is Australia's second largest transport company. It last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.	1
From that point until costs reached $5,300, the individual would pay 100 percent of the bill.	If the individual had to pay a maximum of $5,300 in expenses from then on, he/she would pay 100% of the bill.	1
From that point until costs reached $5,300, the individual would pay 100 percent of the bill.	If a person paid $6,000 to make a total of $5,300, they would pay 100 percent of the bill.	1
The specific product that is the subject of the petition, 6000 series aluminium alloy rolled plate, is used for general-purpose engineering, tooling and die applications.	6000 Series rolled plate is used in general-purpose engineering, tooling and die applications. The particular product that is the subject of petition, is the type of 6000 series aluminium alloy rolled plate.	1
"We will keep fighting within the law...against this terrorist group and those who support it."	I will keep fighting within the law against this terrorist group and those who support it"	1
Only one third of high-speed trains within France were running, national rail company Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer said.	In France, only a third of high-speed trains were running, said Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer.	1
Instead of remains, the Ragusas will bury a vial of Michael's blood, which he had donated to a bone marrow center.	When a man dies they bury a vial of Michael's blood. Michael left his blood for a bone marrow center. However, the Ragusas will not bury his blood.	1
"But I do question the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech."	What are the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for the purposes of a speech?"	1
But it now has 600 fewer stores - about 1,500 in all - and a $2 billion loan to compete against bigger merchants.	What if the company has 600 fewer stores - about 1,500 in all - and a $2 billion loan to compete against bigger merchants.	1
Tampering with medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in million-dollar homes.	The exploitation of illegal medicine has been so lucrative that many of those arrested lived in millions of dollars homes.	1
The new link between Mohammed and Pearl was first reported in Tuesday's editions of The Wall Street Journal.	In its entirety, the new link between the Muslim community and Pearl was first reported in Tuesday's editions of The Wall Street Journal.	1
"Of course the FBI agent who ran him down received nothing," Mr. Connolly said.	The FBI agent who ran him down got nothing, Mr. Connolly said.	1
The U.S.-backed Governing Council appointed a cabinet of 25 ministers, most of them little-known, saying they represented the will of Iraq.	A cabinet of 25 ministers has been appointed by the U.S. Governing Council, most of them little-known, claiming they represent the will of Iraq.	1
He said they should "not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they ... are conducting their prayers."	"Don't be really patrolling or be around those areas when they... are doing prayers."	1
He said they should "not really be patrolling or be around those areas when they ... are conducting their prayers."	He said they should not "suspectfully" be patrolling areas or in those areas when they... are conducting prayers.	1
The search feature works with around 120,000 titles from 190 publishers, which translates into some 33 million pages of searchable text.	With 190 publishers, there are around 120,000 titles to search and the results are 33 million pages.	1
The dollar rose 0.6 percent to 109.54 yen<JPY=> and climbed more than 1 percent to 1.3315 Swiss francs<CHF=>.	The dollar rose 0.6 percent to 109.54 yen and climbed more than 1 percent to 1.3315 Swiss francs.	1
Late trading: Placing a buy order for a mutual fund after 4 p.m. ET and getting it at that day's closing net asset value.	Buying the mutual fund after 4 p.m. ET and getting it at that day's closing net asset value. Late trading: Puts a buy order for a mutual fund after 4 p.m. ET.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 5.37, or 0.5 percent, to 1,020.18.	The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 5.37, or 0.5 percent, to 1,020.18. New York, Jan. 31, 2015	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index advanced 5.37, or 0.5 percent, to 1,020.18.	The Standard & Poor's 500 index rose 5.37, or 0.5 percent, to 1,020.18. The American Stock Exchange closed for business on Friday.	1
In Britain, temperatures threatened to top the 37.1 C (98.8 F) all-time high.	In Britannica, temperatures threatened to top the 37.1 C (98.8 F) all-time high.	1
A car and a house were hit in the latest shootings, said Chief Deputy Steve Martin of the Franklin County sheriff's office.	In Franklin County, the bodies of a car and a house were shot in recent weeks, said chief Deputy Steve Martin of the sheriff's office.	1
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.	John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.	1
To reach John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com.	How do you contact John A. Dvorak, who covers Kansas, call (816) 234-7743 or send e-mail to jdvorak@kctar.com	1
He will be paid $395,000 per year, up from Atkinson's current salary of $361,400.	He is in another position which will see him being paid $395,000 by the year - up from his salary of $361,400.	1
He admits he occasionally lived the life of a playboy: smoking pot, chasing women and living fast and loose.	He admits to living the life of a playboy. He admits he sometimes lived as a playboy: smoking pot, chasing women and living fast and loose.	1
He admits he occasionally lived the life of a playboy: smoking pot, chasing women and living fast and loose.	He admits he acted like a playboy: smoking marijuana, chasing women and living fast and loose.	1
The case puts the Supreme Court back into the debate over the separation of church and state.	It's a case of Supreme Court back into the debate over separation of church and state.	1
In 2001, the number of death row inmates nationally fell for the first time in a generation.	In 2001, the death row number dropped for the first time in a generation.	1
Metro, bus and local rail services in France's four largest towns -- Paris, Lyon, Lille and Marseille -- were severely disrupted, Europe 1 radio reported.	In France's four largest towns -- Paris, Lyon, Lille and Marseille -- Metro, bus and local rail services were severely disrupted, Europe 1 radio reported.	1
Metro, bus and local rail services in France's four largest towns -- Paris, Lyon, Lille and Marseille -- were severely disrupted, Europe 1 radio reported.	In France's four largest towns, Paris, Lyon, Lille and Marseille, Metro, bus and local rail services were severely disrupted, Europe 1 radio reported.	1
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.	The murder of John Black was a plot, according to the Prosecutors, to assume Mr. Durst's identity.	1
Prosecutors contended that Mr. Durst had plotted the murder to assume Mr. Black's identity.	He claimed that Mr. Durst had killed the man in an attempt to assume Mr. Black's identity.	1
"The lives of American warfighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components," said Defense Department Inspector General Joseph Schmitz.	How can we put American Warfighter's lives at risk by illegal transfer of military systems, said Defense Department Inspector General Joseph Schmitz.	1
Thirty-eight percent of patients surveyed in five urban clinics believed the myth that cancer spreads when exposed to air during surgery, according to a poll to be published Tuesday.	On average, 38 percent of patients in five urban clinics believe that cancer spreads when exposed to air during surgery, according to a poll to be published Tuesday.	1
For the first quarter, HP pulled in $2.94 billion and captured 27.9 percent of the market.	HP: For the first quarter, pulled in $2.94 billion and captured 27.9 percent of the market.	1
Still, Mauresmo has the confidence of having beaten Serena for the first time and also is buoyed by Venus Williams' upset loss Sunday to Vera Zvonareva.	What makes Mauresmo better than Serena for the first time and is buoyed by Venus Williams' performance on Sunday despite losing to Vera Zvonareva.	1
The legislation opens the way for police and other personnel to be deployed to the Solomons and to carry out law enforcement functions.	What are the implications of the legislation on the Solomon Islands. Police and other personnel can travel to Solomon Islands and carry out law enforcement functions.	1
Falls in euro/yen also pushed down the dollar against the yen, with the pair at 118.32 yen compared with Friday's late New York level of 118.51.	When the dollar touched 118,32 today, that meant it fell slightly against the yen. Also, was it the last time yen/euro went down against the yen?	1
Falls in euro/yen also pushed down the dollar against the yen, with the pair at 118.32 yen compared with Friday's late New York level of 118.51.	After falling in euro/yen, the dollar suffered a sharp drop against the yen, at 118.32 yen compared with Friday's late New York level of 118.56 yen.	1
Wells Fargo and Quicken Loans couldn't be reached for comment Wednesday afternoon.	Wells Fargo and Quicken Loans were not reached Wednesday afternoon.	1
Mr Neil said that according to the source, the report will say its inspectors have not even unearthed "minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material".	In his report, Mr Neil said that according to the source, the inspectors will not even unearth "minute amounts of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons material".	1
Marjorie Scardino, the chief executive, said: "We have one headline.	Marjorie Scardino, the chief executive, said: "We have one headline. We have one story. We have one story. We have one headline. We have one story. We have one story. We have one headline. We have one story.	1
She was physically ill several times on the day he died, she said.	I was physically ill several times the day he died, she said.	1
This is a case about a woman who for 20 years dedicated her life to this country," said Janet Levine.	In this case, a woman who for 20 years, dedicated her life to the country. " This is a case about a woman who dedicated her life to this country," said Janet Levine.	1
SP2 is basically about security enhancements to Windows, such as the improved Internet Connection Firewall (ICF).	Despite security improvements, Windows SP2 is mostly about security enhancements to Windows, such as the improved Internet Connection Firewall (ICF).	1
The yield on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note rose as high as 4.66 percent Aug. 14 from 3.07 percent in June.	How are the yields on the benchmark 10-year Treasury note increased from 3.07 percent in June to 4.66 percent on Aug. 14?	1
The farmers market reopened Saturday; at least 11 people remained hospitalized, three in critical condition.	If the farmers market reopened on Saturday, at least 11 people remained hospitalized, three in critical condition.	1
The farmers market reopened Saturday; at least 11 people remained hospitalized, three in critical condition.	At least 11 people remained hospitalized, three in critical condition. Farmers market reopened. At least... Saturday; at least.. 11 people remained in critical condition.	1
A Trillian representative did not return an e-mail requesting comment.	An email from Trillian that asked for comment was not returned.	1
State health officials have reported 18 suspected cases in Wisconsin, 10 in Indiana and five in Illinois.	What have state health officials said were 18 suspected cases in Wisconsin, 10 in Indiana and 5 in Illinois?	1
They will help draft a plan to attack obesity that Kraft will implement over three to four years.	Will they help draft a plan to address obesity that Kraft will implement over three to four years.	1
Cable high-speed lines increased 32.2 percent to 243,143.	Cable high-speed lines increased 32.2 percent to 243,143. (Product Description: Bakerbridge: http://www.cgm.ca/:|-|=+0)	1
The girl turned up two days later at a convenience store several cities away, shaken but safe, and helped lead police to her alleged abductor.	What happened to the girl who turned up two days later in a convenience store, a few cities away, was shocked but remained in the store. She helped lead police to her alleged abductor.	1
Ride, astronauts Story Musgrave, Robert "Hoot" Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein will enter the hall of fame together.	Among the astronauts in the team Ride, are Daniel Brandenstein, Robert Gibson, and Story Musgrave, Jr. Then they will enter the hall of fame together.	1
Ride, astronauts Story Musgrave, Robert "Hoot" Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein will enter the hall of fame together.	As the astronauts ride, story Musgrave, Robert "Hoot" Gibson and Daniel Brandenstein will enter the hall of fame together.	1
But that amount would probably be impossible to pass in the Senate, where Republican moderates have refused to go above $350 billion.	If Republican moderates won't go above $350 billion, they will not be able to pass the bill in the Senate.	1
They varied greatly, ranging from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality US brand called American Spirit.	What's more, they ranged from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality US brand called American Spirit.	1
They varied greatly, ranging from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent for a speciality US brand called American Spirit.	According to a limited edition US brand called American Spirit, they ranged from one per cent or two per cent to 36 per cent.	1
The island nation reported 65 new cases on May 22, a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23, making Taiwan's epidemic the fastest-growing in the world.	In Taiwan, the epidemic was the fastest growing in the world, with 65 new cases on May 22. This was a one day record, and 55 new cases on May 23.	1
British-born astronaut Michael Foale is about to fly into space to take up his post as commander of the International Space Station.	Michael Foale has accepted a post in the International Space Station. He formerly served in the British Air Force. In late 2012 he landed in space and will be commanding the International Space Station from September 2014.	1
Clark said the program would cost about $100 million a year and would be part of the Department of Homeland Security.	Would the program for Homeland Security be worth $100 million a year, said Clark.	1
Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively."	Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively. "In the current Ximian environment, Novell has acquired a distinct and specialized approach.	1
Video replays suggested the ball had hit the ground before making contact with Sangakkara's foot.	As per video replays, the ball hit the ground before making contact with Sangakkara's foot.	1
A second victim, Michael Walker, 23, was struck in the torso, the bullet perforating his lung.	The bullet perforated the lung of a second victim, Michael Walker, 23. He was struck in the chest.	1
Ryland Group (nyse: RYL - news - people), a homebuilder and mortgage-finance company, sank $9.65, or 11.6 percent, to $73.40.	Ryland Group (nyse: RYL - news - people), a homebuilder and mortgage-finance company, sank $9.65, or 11.6 percent, to $73.40. For a quarter-year, the stock has fallen $55.9 billion, or 12.3 percent, to $7.10 billion. For the quarter, the share is down 11.8 percent, or about $1.7 billion.	1
They named the man charged as Noureddinne Mouleff, a 36-year-old of North African origin who was arrested in the southern coastal town of Eastbourne last week.	Man charged as Noureddinne Mouleff was a 36-year-old of North African origin who was arrested in the southern coastal town of Eastbourne last week.	1
His next play, "Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?" a satire on Hollywood, lasted more than a year on Broadway.	When he wrote "Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter? a satire on Hollywood, lasted more than a year on Broadway.	1
Amrozi said Jews and the US and its allies had evil plans to colonise countries like Indonesia.	Amrozi: The Jews and America had evil plans to colonise countries like Indonesia and the US and its allies.	1
It is so far out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration, of Tampa, Fla., does not have to share the wealth with any governments.	How far is the Odyssey Marine Exploration, of Tampa, Fla., out in international water that the finder Odyssey Marine Exploration, has not to share the wealth with any governments.	1
An unclear number of people were killed and more injured.	Unklar numbers of people were killed and more injured.	1
An unclear number of people were killed and more injured.	How many people were killed and injured?	1
"Of course, I want to win again, but I think it's worse when you have never won because you get anxious.	I want to win again. I think it's worse when you've never won because you get anxious. I get that.	1
CS's other main division, Financial Services, made a 666 million franc net profit, six percent below the prior quarter.	Financial services and the other major division of CS benefited from a 666 million franc net profit. This is six percent below the prior quarter.	1
The answer, the group said, would be to "create a format that can be used by all devices but can accommodate other formats."	In the answers, the group said, "create a format that can be used by all devices but can accommodate other formats."	1
Committee approval, expected today, would set the stage for debate on the Senate floor beginning Monday.	If a committee vote was approved this morning, the Senate will proceed with a debate Monday.	1
Committee approval, expected today, would set the stage for debate on the Senate floor beginning Monday.	If there was no Committee approval today, the Senate would not have a floor debate until Monday.	1
Recall proponents claim to have turned in more than 1.6 million signatures.	What are Recall supporters' assertions that have turned in more than 1.6 million signatures?	1
Schools Chancellor Joel Klein said the push for higher standards and accountability "is showing results."	Joel Klein, the current state education Chancellor, said higher standards and accountability were a "show of results."	1
However, disability declined by more than 10 percent for those 60 to 69, the study said.	What's more, the disability declined by more than 10 percent in those 60 to 69, the study said.	1
"Admiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of service men and women during his 25 years of service," Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said yesterday .	Amiral Black has provided spiritual guidance to thousands of service men and women during his 25 years of service," Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist said yesterday.	1
On Monday, Christian Ganczarski was apprehended at the airport and was to appear before an anti-terrorism judge soon, the officials said.	Christian Ganczarski was arrested at the airport on Monday, officials said. He will appear before an anti-terrorism judge soon, according to sources.	1
The teen was in critical condition with life-threatening wounds, police said in a news release.	In his teen years, he was in critical condition with life-threatening wounds, police said in a news release. He was in critical condition with life-threatening wounds.	1
United already has paid the city $34 million in penalties for missing the first round of employment targets.	United already has paid $34 million in penalties for missing the first round of employment targets for city.	1
Wild rock legend Ozzy Osbourne was in intensive care today as he continued his “steady” recovery from a quad bike accident.	Ozzy Osbourne is in intensive care after an accident on the back of a quad bike. He has been recovering well.	1
Analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expected earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $6.7 billion, on average.	If analysts surveyed by Reuters Research expected earnings of 13 cents a share on revenue of $6.7 billion on average, on average.	1
He plans to visit an AIDS clinic in Uganda and meet with infected mothers in Nigeria.	Will he visit an AIDS clinic in Uganda and meet infected mothers in Nigeria.	1
He plans to visit an AIDS clinic in Uganda and meet with infected mothers in Nigeria.	If he gets a chance, he will visit an AIDS clinic in Uganda. He also plans to visit infected parents in Nigeria.	1
Colorado Attorney-General Ken Salazar later said his office has also filed suit against Invesco, charging it with violations of the state's consumer protection act.	In his office, the Colorado Attorney-General Ken Salazar said, filed suit against Invesco, charging it with violations of the state's consumer protection act.	1
Preventing stronger gains, News Corp <NCP.AX> fell 1.3 percent to A$12.43 and Brambles <BIL.AX> dropped 1.9 percent to A$4.75 after a weak performance overnight.	News Corp (NCP.AX) fell 1.3 percent to A$12.43 and Brambles (BIL.AX) dropped 1.9 percent to A$4.75 after a weak performance overnight.	1
All five were charged with robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	In addition to the robbery charges, all five were arrested on charges of impersonating a police officer.	1
But he confessed: "There's total fear to start with because you are completely at the mercy of the winds."	How did he confess to the fact that "there's total fear to start with because you are completely at the mercy of the winds."	1
But he confessed: "There's total fear to start with because you are completely at the mercy of the winds."	"There's total fear, to start with because you are completely at the mercy of the winds," he said.	1
Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001.	Since Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001.	1
Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001.	Seit 2001 has Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, slashed nearly one third of its workforce.	1
Her lawyer, William Zabel, could not be reached.	William Zabel, her lawyer, was unable to be reached for comment.	1
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.	In York, the Metro Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, declared.	1
The Metropolitan Transportation Authority was given two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates, York declared.	City of York declared that the Metro Transit Authority had two weeks to restore the $1.50 fare and the old commuter railroad rates.	1
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.	In terms of functional genes, 1,557 are thought to be chromosome 6.	1
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.	On chromosome 6, there are 1,719 genes which are functional.	1
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.	Which 22% of 20somethings are obese. Which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.	1
About 22% of twentysomethings are obese, which is roughly 30 pounds over a healthy weight.	If I weighed 40 pounds over my weight, I would say I'm 20 and over. About 22% of twentysomethings are obese.	1
"There is always a danger of casualties in something like this.	Is there always a danger of death in a situation like this, you know?	1
"She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	"She was crying and scared": Isa Yasin, the owner of the outlet.	1
"She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	Isa Yasin : "She was crying and scared.' ", said the owner of the store.	1
"She was crying and scared,' said Isa Yasin, the owner of the store.	Isa Yasin, the owner of the Isa Yasin store, said'she was crying and scared'.	1
The same flood that blocked the airport road also swamped a Federal Express depot.	What caused the airport's flooding also affected a Federal Express line depot.	1
He wants to kill him, but then I suppose I'd be that angry too if somebody tried to kill my old man," he said.	I'd be angry if somebody tried to kill my old man. "He wants to kill me and I don't have any ties to him, he says. I want to kill him but he will kill me eventually.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC> jumped 26 points, or 1.78 percent, to 1,516. (as of Feb. 26)	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC ended off 8.15 points, or 0.49 percent, at 1,644.03.	A single day later, the Nasdaq composite index (NasdaqIXIC) ended off 0.49 percent at 1,695.63. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC finished off 8.15 points, or 0.49 percent, at 1,644.03.	1
The high profile two-week campaign – which started on September 28 – was designed to show a strong police presence around London.	For two weeks now, the high profile campaign – which started on September 28 – was designed to demonstrate a strong police presence around London.	1
All of those governments have said their support will not waver, though public sentiment is rising against it.	All of these governments have said their support wont waver, though public sentiment is rising against it.	1
U.N. inspectors found traces of highly enriched, weapons-grade uranium at an Iranian nuclear facility, a report by the U.N. nuclear agency says.	U.N. inspectors detected highly enriched, weapons-grade uranium in an Iranian nuclear facility, according to a U.N. report by the nuclear agency.	1
Other, more traditional tests are also available.	Are there other more traditional test methods as well?	1
Other, more traditional tests are also available.	Also available are traditional and alternative tests.	1
The Calgary woman, who is in her twenties, donated blood on Aug. 7.	What's the hottest moment in the Calgary area? A woman in her twenties donated blood on Aug. 7.	1
Quattrone lawyer John W. Keker said his client is innocent.	Lawyer for Quattrone John W. Keker said his client is innocent.	1
He said Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips without much competition.	Qualcomm has enjoyed many years of selling CDMA chips without much competition.	1
It passed only after Republicans won the support of two wavering senators, Democrat Ben Nelson of Nebraska and Republican George Voinovich of Ohio.	Does it pass only after Republicans won the support of two wavering senators, Democrat Ben Nelson of Nebraska and Republican George Voinovich of Ohio?	1
The jump in tobacco shares was led by New York-based Altria, whose shares rose almost 10 percent to $38.28.	What has led to the jump in tobacco shares was led by New York-based Altria, whose shares rose almost 10 percent to $38.28.	1
Southwest's net income amounted to $246 million, or 30 cents per share.	Southwest Airlines reported net income of $246 million, or 30 cents per share.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index ends up 0.10 percent at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	1
The nine largest airlines had $75.4 billion in revenue last year.	In 2017, the nine largest airlines had $75.4 billion in revenue.	1
The effort is the Bush administration's latest effort to expand the role of religious organizations in government services.	What is the Bush administration's latest effort to extend the role of religious organizations in government services?	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649. The Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC.IXIC was 1.1 in a week, and its indices are expected to be 1.8 in a week by end of the year.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.	What are the chances that the Nasdaq Composite Index (Nasdaq) lost 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649. The tech-laced Nasdaq Composite Index (Nasdaq) index.IXIC dropped 2 points, or 0.18 percent, to 1,649.	1
Officials say Peeler and Jones were never legally married but had a common-law marriage.	Politics: Peeler and Jones were never legally married but had a common law marriage.	1
He made the same decree in June 2002, but that measure was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms.	That same decree in June 2002 was limited to the southern city of Arequipa amid fatal protests against the privatization of two power firms.	1
"We have found the smoking gun," investigating board member Scott Hubbard said.	“We've found the smoking gun," said Scott Hubbard, investigating board member.	1
The cards are issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the card holder.	What are Mexico's cards issued by Mexico's consulates to its citizens living abroad and show the date of birth, a current photograph and the address of the card holder.	1
The final chapter in the trilogy, The Matrix Revolutions, is out in November.	The Matrix Revolutions is the third book in the trilogy and is scheduled for release in November.	1
Their election increases the board from seven people to nine.	After the election, the election board grows from seven people to nine people.	1
The Boston Archdiocese has faced waves of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.	Who oversees the Boston Archdiocese has faced wave of scandal that have not only angered victims' advocates but parishioners and some priests.	1
"This is not a scaled-down version of the Oracle Enterprise Edition or Standard Edition [database].	Oracle Enterprise Edition [database]: * This is not a scaled down version of Oracle Enterprise Edition or Standard Edition [database]]].	1
"This is not a scaled-down version of the Oracle Enterprise Edition or Standard Edition [database].	(removal) (removal) is not a scaled-down version of Oracle Enterprise Edition or Standard Edition [database]" This is not a scaled-down version of Oracle Enterprise Edition or Standard Edition [database][removal].	1
One, from a former CIBC executive, described the returns earned by the bank on its Enron deals as "outrageous."	I know one former CIBC executive called the returns earned by the bank on Enron deals "outrageous."	1
The Nasdaq Composite Index lost 16.95, or 1.1 percent, to 1507.76, its first slide in five days.	CLOSED: The Nasdaq Composite Index fell 16.95, or 1.1 percent, to 1507.76, its first decline in 5 days.	1
That leaves about three dozen at risk of aid cutoffs, said State Department spokesman Richard Boucher, who did not identify them.	Are about three dozen at risk of aid cutoffs, said State Department spokesman Richard Boucher, who did not identify them.	1
"Prospects for the whole Canadian aerospace industry are improving with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of the aircraft financing capability in this country," Mr. Tellier said.	What is in store for the whole Canadian aerospace industry with recent developments contributing to the enhancement of the aircraft financing capability in this country," said Mr. Tellier.	1
Two astronomers surveying the region around Jupiter have detected 20 new moons, bringing the giant planet's total to 60.	Two astronomers have detected 20 moons in the region around Jupiter, bringing the total to 60.	1
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	What happened to the seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at children's Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	1
The disagreement over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.	What is the dispute over online music sales that has been disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.	1
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.	When she passed away she insisted that it not be published until after her death.	1
Garner said Iraq's reconstruction was not as difficult as he had expected -- mainly because the war caused less infrastructure damage and fewer refugees than anticipated.	Why was Iraq's reconstruction not as difficult as he'd expected -- mainly because the war caused less infrastructure damage and fewer refugees than anticipated. Garner: This is my opinion.	1
The president began his speech by acknowledging the terrorist attacks in Saudi Arabia that killed at least 29 people, including seven Americans.	In his speech to the nation, the president mentioned the recent attacks in Saudi Arabia, which killed 29 people including 7 americans.	1
It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground," NASA spokesman Robert Navias said.	Russians hit x marks on the ground,” NASA spokesman Robert Navias said.	1
The institute estimates that last year 15.7 per cent of the average supermarket's sales and more than half of gross margin went to pay employee costs.	From the institute estimates that last year 15.7 per cent of the average supermarket's sales and more than half of gross margin went to pay employee costs.	1
He had served nine years in prison for the crime -- two on death row -- when he was released.	His crimes were not brought out by the death rower, but he had been released. He had served a total of 9 years in prison for the crime, and had two years on death row.	1
"This is not unanticipated," Chief Deputy District Attorney John Goold said Monday.	John Goold, Chief Deputy District Attorney, said Monday that the situation was not unanticipated.	1
"This is not unanticipated," Chief Deputy District Attorney John Goold said Monday.	What is not unanticipated, Chief Deputy District Attorney John Goold said Monday.	1
The only commercial carrier flying to Baghdad, Royal Jordanian, also suspended its flights for three days.	Royal Jordanian, the only commercial airliner that is flying to Baghdad has suspended its flights for three days.	1
"I make no apologies for the fact that the negotiations have been undertaken largely in secret," Mr Truss said.	"It is unfortunate that the negotiations are being conducted in secret," Mr Truss said.	1
A senior law enforcement official, discussing the case on grounds of anonymity, identified the suspect as Ahmed Mehalba.	Unidentified, a senior law enforcement official, discussed the case on grounds of anonymity, identified the suspect as Ahmed Mehalba.	1
Parson was charged with intentionally causing and attempting to cause damage to protected computers.	What were the charges against Parson for intentionally causing and attempting to cause damage to protected computers?	1
"That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center," the suit says.	The suit states that an unpaid rent remains unabated, despite the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center.	1
"That obligation to pay rent continues unabated notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center," the suit says.	In its entirety, the suit states that "[e]notwithstanding the heinous attacks of Sept. 11 and the destruction of 1 World Trade Center, a tenant shall continue to pay rent unabated."	1
Investors were askingwhether other banks, some of which are still being audited, could be dealt with in the same way.	Do investors think that other banks can still be audited and that the same can be done with them?	1
Investors were askingwhether other banks, some of which are still being audited, could be dealt with in the same way.	Investors asked whether others banks, some of which are still being audited, could be dealt with in the same way.	1
Bennett told Newsweek that "over 10 years, I'd say I've come out pretty close to even."	Bennett tells Newsweek that he has come out pretty close to even. "Over 10 years, I'd say I've come out pretty close to even."	1
"It is symptomatic of the communication difficulties that often trouble the ECB," said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas.	Is it symptomatic of the communication difficulties that often trouble the ECB, said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas.	1
"It is symptomatic of the communication difficulties that often trouble the ECB," said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas.	What is it symptomatic of the communication difficulties that often trouble the ECB, said Ken Wattret of BNP Paribas.	1
"We're going to defend these charges in court," said Ira Lee Sorkin, Furst's attorney.	Ira Lee Sorkin, Furst's lawyer, says: "We're going to defend these charges in court."	1
"We're going to defend these charges in court," said Ira Lee Sorkin, Furst's attorney.	Ira Lee Sorkin is Furst's attorney. "We're going to defend these charges in court."	1
Those searches have not found stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons or significant evidence of a nuclear weapons program.	No evidence of a nuclear weapon or chemical arsenal has been found in the ongoing searches.	1
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.	For example, its keywords are supported by Chinese websites.	1
Its keywords are supported by Chinese language Web portals.	Chinese-language websites support it's keywords.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX slipped 0.13 points, or just 0.01 percent, to 966.87.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX has lost 0.13 points, or just 0.01 percent, to 966.87. In a global move of 26.2 million items, the index is expected to rise by 3.5% on Monday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average.	1
This is the first time in the United States that five whales have been released simultaneously from a single stranding incident.	The United States released five whales simultaneously from a single stranding incident for the first time.	1
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.	A total of 659 women are participating in the academy according to the report.	1
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.	What will the Supreme Court decide on Wednesday about whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users?	1
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	If he wants to protect private property, he will set up a group to revise the constitution.	1
"It was to fly a plane into the White House," Karas said.	How it was to fly a plane into the White House, Karas said.	1
The IRS said taxpayers can avoid undelivered checks by having refunds deposited directly into their checking or savings accounts.	IRS: Can you avoid undelivered checks by having refunds deposited directly into your checking or savings account?	1
Because of the accounting charge, the company now says it lost $1.04 billion, or 32 cents a share, in the quarter ended June 30.	The accounting charge has brought the company to the conclusion it lost $1.04 billion in the quarter ended June 30, or 32 cents a share.	1
The parade, which moves west along Eastern Parkway in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn, went through the district Davis represented.	The parade moved west along Eastern Parkway in the Crown Heights section of Brooklyn. The parade was to the district Davis represented.	1
The company said it now expects second-quarter earnings of 68 cents and 72 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents.	So far this year, the company expects earnings of 72 cents a share, down from the earlier forecast of 77 cents to 82 cents. So it expects second quarter earnings of 68 cents and 72 cents a share.	1
The company said it now expects second-quarter earnings of 68 cents and 72 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents.	Now that it has a second quarter, the firm is predicting earnings of 72 cents and 68 cents a share, down from its prior outlook of 77 cents to 82 cents.	1
Byrd, speaking from the Senate floor, said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."	With Byrd and the Senate floor, Byrd said he questioned "the motives of a deskbound president who assumes the garb of a warrior for purposes of a speech."	1
Some Wall Street experts believe stocks have rallied too far, too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks.	Do Wall Street analysts think that stock markets have rallied too quickly, given the muddled economic reports of recent weeks?	1
The NASD also alleges Young flew multiple times on Tyco corporate jets, often accompanied by Kozlowski.	(NASD): The NASD alleges that John Young flew multiple times on Tyco corporate jets, often accompanied by Kozlowski.	1
The NASD also alleges Young flew multiple times on Tyco corporate jets, often accompanied by Kozlowski.	How the NASD alleges that Young flew multiple times on Tyco corporate jets, often accompanied by Kozlowski?	1
It has a plus or minus 4.9 percent margin of error.	A plus or minus 4.9 percent margin of error is applicable for this definition.	1
It has a plus or minus 4.9 percent margin of error.	What if it has a margin of error of plus or minus 4.9 percent?	1
Reagan is played by James Brolin, who is married to singer Barbra Streisand, a leading Democratic activist.	James Brolin plays Ronald Reagan, who is married to singer Barbra Streisand, a prominent Democratic activist.	1
Reagan is played by James Brolin, who is married to singer Barbra Streisand, a leading Democratic activist.	James Brolin plays Ronald Reagan, played by James Brolin, who is married to Barbra Streisand, a prominent Democratic activist.	1
A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes software, which was released last month.	Unknown, a US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes software, which was released last month.	1
A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes software, which was released last month.	Unidentified US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes software, which was released last month.	1
The broad Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX was up 8.79 points, or 0.96 percent, at 929.06.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index was up 8.79 points or 0.96 percent, at 929.06. In the current quarter the index is up 65.11%. I would not call an increase in the index of 2,000.	1
A U.S. Court of Appeals Thursday ruled that Microsoft (Quote, Company Info) does not have to carry the Java programming language in its Windows operating system.	(Java) A federal court of appeal Thursday ruled that Microsoft (Quote, Company Info) does not have to carry Java programming language in its Windows operating system.	1
A U.S. Court of Appeals Thursday ruled that Microsoft (Quote, Company Info) does not have to carry the Java programming language in its Windows operating system.	In a U.S. court of appeals Thursday, Microsoft (Quote, Company Info) decided not to carry Java programing language in its Windows operating system.	1
"You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life," Limbaugh said Friday on his program.	I've always tried to be honest with you and open about my life, Limbaugh said on his talk show Friday.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.	As the broader Standard & Poor's 500 index.SPX.climbed 10 points, or 1.10 percent, to 943.	1
The Foreign Office said there was a "clear" risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda.	Foreign Office: "We have a clear risk of terrorist attack in Djibouti, Eritrea, Ethiopia, Somalia, Tanzania and Uganda."	1
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53.	The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 98.32, or about 1.1 percent, to 9011.53. In its 20 day session on Friday, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 1.2 percent, the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.1 percent, and the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 1.2 percent.	1
The truck carried the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	What's more, the truck carrying the equivalent of 1.6 tons of TNT, emergency ministry official Ruslan Khadzhiyev said.	1
An international warrant for his arrest was issued both to the Ghanaian authorities and to Interpol.	Had an international warrant for arrest issued both to Ghanaian authorities and to Interpol.	1
Berry also married and divorced his second wife twice, most recently in 1991.	Is it true Berry married his second wife and divorced her twice, most recently in 1991?	1
Goldman also raised its quarterly dividend to 25 cents from 12 cents, citing the new tax law.	It says Goldman will raise its quarterly dividend to 25 cents from 12 cents. The decision comes after the introduction of the new tax law.	1
Tomorrow's testimony is to give an inside look at tax shelter development and marketing.	In tomorrow's hearing, we give an inside look at tax shelter development and marketing.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was off 4.86 points, or 0.49 percent, at 993.82.	Is the broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index, or.SPX>, off 4.86 points or 0.49 percent, at 993.82?	1
A summary of his remarks says: all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and JI is totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money.	All the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and JI is totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money. (Photo: Jayson Korolik, @morgan_ro_morgans.blogspot.co)	1
A summary of his remarks says: all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and JI is totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money.	All the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and JI is totally dependent on Al-Qaeda for money.	1
A summary of his remarks says: all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and JI is totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money.	All the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and the JI is totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money. And all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests.	1
A summary of his remarks says: all the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests, and JI is totally dependent on al-Qaeda for money.	All the group's savings have been lost to raids and arrests and Jo was completely dependent on al Qaeda for money.	1
But the FBI never kept tabs on al-Bayoumi - even though it had received information that he was a Saudi agent, the document says.	FBI documents show al-Bayoumi was a Saudi agent, but never kept tabs on him.	1
Federal Emergency Management Administration designated $20 million to establish the registry.	First, federal emergency management administration designated $20 million to establish the registry.	1
That compares to a net loss of $6.6 million, or 47 cents per share, on revenue of $15.5 million in 2002's second fiscal quarter.	What compares to a net loss of $6.6 million, or 47 cents per share, on revenue of $15.5 million in the second fiscal quarter of 2002.	1
He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words, daughter Linda Hope said.	I really did leave with a smile on my face, and no last words, my daughter Linda Hope said.	1
He said sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products are the strongest, but discretionary items are still weak.	Is the sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products the strongest, but discretionary items are still weak?	1
He said sales of grocery and other consumer packaged products are the strongest, but discretionary items are still weak.	His comments show the strength of grocery and other consumer packaged products, but discretionary products are still weak.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX slipped 11.83 points, or 1.20 percent, to 975.93.	Stocks and indexes: The Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX fell 11.83 points, or 1.20 percent, to 975.93.	1
France, Russia, China and others had advocated a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	Should China, Russia, France, China and others advocate for a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	1
Second comes HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4 percent).	What follows is HP (27 percent with $2.9 billion, up just 0.4%).	1
BREAST cancer cases in the UK have hit an all-time high with more than 40,000 women diagnosed with the disease each year, Cancer Re-search UK revealed yesterday.	Cancer Re-Research UK revealed yesterday that BREAST cancer cases in the UK have hit an all-time high with more than 40,000 women diagnosed with the disease each year.	1
The discoveries came a day after a package bomb burst into flames in the Bologna, Italy home of EU Commission President Romano Prodi, who was not injured.	Earlier today the Italian government announced the release of the package bomb that burst into flames at the home of Romano Prodi. The package bomb is believed to have been used to incinerate and kill Prodi. The body was not injured.	1
"It was never our intention to sell the product," said Health Minister Anne McClellan, a skeptic of medical marijuana use.	What was never our intention to sell the product," said Health Minister Anne McClellan, a skeptic of medical marijuana use.	1
But homecomings for those soldiers, as well as the division's 3rd Squadron, 7th Cavalry Regiment, have now been postponed indefinitely.	The Homecomings for the division's 3rd Squadron, 7th Cavalry Regiment, have been postponed indefinitely.	1
He was in Cincinnati helping another daughter move when the tragedy occurred, friends said.	Is it true that he was in Cincinnati helping another daughter move when the tragedy occurred, friends said.	1
The indictment supercedes a criminal complaint filed against Quattrone on April 23 with similar charges.	The indictment is a derogatory of a complaint filed against Quattrone on April 23 with similar charges.	1
"I don't think my brain is going to go dead this afternoon or next week," he said.	My brain will not go dead this afternoon or next week, he said.	1
GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses.	Is GM, the world's largest automaker, has 115,000 active UAW workers and another 340,000 retirees and spouses?	1
Obviously, I've made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous and all those things, because that's the way I always was.	If I've made statements that are ludicrous and crazy and outrageous and all those things, that's the way I always was.	1
But he added, "Once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control."	If the problem became so large that nothing could prevent it from arising out of control, he added, "once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from happening again."	1
But he added, "Once the problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control."	If a problem grew to a certain magnitude, nothing could have been done to prevent it from cascading out of control. "	1
They include Ask Jeeves Inc., Global Crossing, Aether Systems, Clarent, Copper Mountain Networks and VA Linux, now VA Software.	Are they Ask Jeeves Inc., Global Crossing, Aether Systems, Clarent, Copper Mountain Networks and VA Linux, now VA Software?	1
The UAW earlier this week reached tentative agreements, also for four years, with Ford Motor Co., DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp.	This week, the UAW reached tentative agreements, also for four years, with Ford Motor Co., DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp. The UAW earlier this week reached tentative agreements, also for four years, with Ford Motor Co., DaimlerChrysler AG's Chrysler Group and supplier Visteon Corp.	1
Then the authority can hold another set of public hearings on raising commuting costs, the judge said.	Can the Authority hold another set of public hearings on raising commuting costs, the judge said.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.	IXIC fell 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94. The Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC is the technology-laced index of Nasdaq.IXIC.	1
Other retailers that will be affected are Argos, part of GUS, and privately owned Littlewoods.	As for other retailers that will be affected are Argos, part of GUS, and privately owned Littlewoods.	1
Sun filed its lawsuit after an appeals court in Washington upheld the U.S. government's antitrust case against Microsoft.	Sun filed suit after an appeals court in Washington upheld the U.S. government's antitrust case against Microsoft. Sun does not endorse Google or Apple products, and it doesn't endorse Google or Microsoft products.	1
Jewish and Muslim leaders expressed horror at the proposals, which have not been approved.	Has Jewish and Muslim leaders expressed horror at the proposals, which have not been approved.	1
A female attendant, 25, was slashed across the face as the attacker closed on the cockpit.	As the attacker closed on a cockpit fence a female attendant, 25, was slashed across the face as the attacker closed on the cockpit fence.	1
Of the 23.5 million high-speed lines, 16.3 million provided advanced services, which the FCC defines as speeds exceeding 200 kbps in both directions.	De the 23.5 million high-speed lines, 16.3 million provided advanced services, which the FCC defines as speeds exceeding 200 kbps in both directions.	1
Authorities appealed to the public Friday to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shootings that have killed three people outside area convenience stores.	Authorities appeal to the public to come forward and provide what could be the key to solving the sniper-style shooting that has killed three people outside area convenience stores Friday.	1
Duke and North Carolina have been resolute in their positions against expansion.	Duke and North Carolina are opposed to expansion. The two states were determined to stop all expansion.	1
Financial terms of the deal, expected to close this month, were not released.	What are the financial terms of the deal that are expected to close this month?	1
Financial terms of the deal, expected to close this month, were not released.	What are the financial terms of the transaction, expected to close this month,?	1
It also hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to explore refinancing or restructuring of $175 million in senior notes due next year.	Citigroup and Morgan Stanley will help them to explore refinancing or restructuring of $175 million in senior notes due next year.	1
It also hired Citigroup and Morgan Stanley to explore refinancing or restructuring of $175 million in senior notes due next year.	Morgan Stanley and Citigroup have hired them to explore refinancing or restructuring of $175 million in senior notes due next year.	1
At last week's meeting with U.S. President George W. Bush, Roh said inter-Korean exchanges would be "conducted in light of developments on the North Korean nuclear issue."	Hear from Roh, at last week's meeting with American President George W. Bush, that "inter-Korean exchanges would be conducted in light of developments on North Korean nuclear issue."	1
Analysts have predicted third-quarter earnings of 16 cents a share and revenue of $7.15 billion, on average.	Analysts have forecast revenue of $7.15 billion in the third quarter. The average of the quarters is 16 cents per share, according to analyst estimates.	1
"I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that.	I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that. I've never done that.	1
"I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that.	I never grabbed anyone and then pulled up their shirt and grabbed their breasts, and stuff like that. I never grabbed them.	1
"The death of al-Ghozi signals that terrorists will never get far in the Philippines," Arroyo said in a statement on Monday.	Do terrorists never go far in the Philippines, says Arroyo. "The death of al-Ghozi signals that terrorists will never get far in the Philippines", Arroyo said in a statement on Monday.	1
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.	Chancellor Robert Bennett did not comment on personnel matters Tuesday, while Mills did.	1
"We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society," Rumsfeld said in a speech to the Council on Foreign Relations.	In his speech at the Council on Foreign Relations, Rumsfeld said, "We are committed to helping the Iraqi people get on the path to a free society."	1
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.	Where did the evacuation go, but the passengers were not told what was going on, Hunt said.	1
By Wednesday, the Red Planet will come as near to Earth as it has been in 60,000 years.	As of today, the Red Planet will be as close as it has been in 60,000 years. If that's true, it will reach Earth by Wednesday.	1
Microsoft will seek to simplify creation of BizTalk applications by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool, Visual Studio.Net.	How would Microsoft simplify the biztalk app creation by tying it more tightly to its flagship development tool, Visual Studio.Net?	1
The 12-nation currency has risen by 33 percent against the dollar over the past 15 months.	Is 12-nation currency has gained 33 percent against the dollar in the past 15 months?	1
I was surprised it turned out me talking and the president just listening.	I think the president would listen and me talking. I was surprised.	1
"Our party will never be the choice of the NRA - and I am not looking to be the candidate of the NRA," he said.	I'm not looking to be a NRA candidate and now I have to make my NRA seat the seat. Our Party will never be the choice of the NRA. And I have not made my NRA seat.	1
One of the company's employees was hospitalized in critical condition at Lee Memorial Hospital in Fort Myers, said hospital administrative assistant Alex Reichert.	What happened to one of the company's employees that has been hospitalized in critical condition at Lee Memorial Hospital in Fort Myers, said hospital administrative assistant Alex Reichert.	1
The state's House delegation currently consists of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.	What is the state's House delegation of currently consists of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.	1
"We need the somebody who notices them to come forward," he told a news conference to introduce his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson.	The Force needs to talk to anybody who notices them, he told a news conference in honor of his successor, Brig. Gen. Mastin M. Robeson.	1
Freddie also said Leland C. Brendsel will retire as chairman and chief executive and resign from the board.	Freddie Mac said Leland C. Brendsel would retire as chairman and chief executive and resign from the board.	1
Altria shares fell $1.17 to $42.51 and were the Dow's biggest percent loser.	Alltria shares fell $1.17 to $42.51 and were the Dow's biggest percent loser.	1
The Java Enterprise System bundles a slew of Sun software for a yearly subscription of $100 per employee.	Java Enterprise System bundles Sun software for a yearly subscription of $100 per employee.	1
The memorandum analyzed lawful activities, such as recruiting demonstrators, and illegal activities, such as using fake documentation to get into a secured site.	In the memorandum, lawful activities, such as recruiting demonstrators, were analyzed, and illegal activities, such as using fake documentation to get into a secure site.	1
Now they are waiting to see if Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan will try and repair the damage in his testimony to the House next week.	Will Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan try and repair the damage in his testimony to the House next week?	1
Now they are waiting to see if Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan will try and repair the damage in his testimony to the House next week.	Is it possible that the Fed chairman Alan Greenspan will attempt and repair the damage in his testimony to the House next week?	1
Joe Nichols captured new male vocalist honors, riding back-to-back hits "The Impossible" and "Brokenheartedsville."	How has Joe Nichols captured new male vocalist honors, riding back-to-back hits "The Impossible" and "Brokenheartedsville."	1
They found that 6.4 percent of men on finasteride had high-grade tumors, compared with 5.1 percent taking a placebo.	That was in comparison to those taking finasteride or placebo. They found that 6.4 percent of men had high-grade tumors compared with 5.1 percent taking non-steroidal anti-tumor medication. The hepatocellular carcinoma was more pronounced than the rhabdomyosis tumor, which spread to the spinal cord and forearm.	1
The compilers are available in two flavors: the Intel C++ Compiler for Microsoft eMbedded Visual C++ retails for USD$399 and is intended for application development use.	A compiler for Microsoft Visual C++ and the Intel C++ Compiler for MS Visual C++ retails for USD$399.95. The compilers are intended for application development use.	1
Thousands of pounds of fireworks inside the warehouse and packed in the tractor-trailer rig exploded, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives said.	The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives says thousands of pounds of fireworks inside the warehouse and packed in the tractor-trailer rig exploded.	1
BA shares were up 0.59 percent at 170 pence in early afternoon trading, slightly outpacing London's FTSE 100 Index which was up 0.28 percent.	London: BA shares were up 0.59 percent at 170 pence in early afternoon trading, slightly outpacing the FTSE 100 index which was up 0.28 percent in early afternoon trading.	1
The shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.	If the shares represent more than half the 115.9 million shares Turner held at the end of April, according to Bloomberg data.	1
Mr. Rush is the only witness to the events in the pilothouse who has spoken to investigators.	Mr. Rush has spoken to investigators about the pilothouse incident and he was the only witness to speak to investigators.	1
Mr. Rush is the only witness to the events in the pilothouse who has spoken to investigators.	When they received such information as this, Mr. Rush was the only witness who spoke to investigators on the aircraft.	1
"With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate, marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising," said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart.	Is internet adoption and broadband adoption continuing to escalate, marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising," said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart.	1
"With Internet usage and broadband adoption continuing to escalate, marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising," said IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart.	IAB President and CEO Greg Stuart said today that internet usage and broadband adoption are continuing to escalate, marketers are throwing their weight and dollars behind interactive advertising."	1
Rescue and search operation had been going on since the tragedy happened on Thursday night, Manali Sub-Divisional Magistrate Raj Kumar Gautam told Times News Network.	The Manali Sub-Divisional Magistrate Raj Kumar Gautam told The Times Network that search operations and rescue operations were going on since the tragedy happened on Thursday night.	1
Fidelity Investments, the nation's largest mutual-fund company, said it received a subpoena from New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer's office regarding its investigation to potential fund-trading abuses.	How does Fidelity Investments, the nation's largest mutual-fund company, say it received a subpoena from New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer's office regarding its investigation to potential fund-trading abuses.	1
"Tony's not feeling well," Spurs coach Gregg Popovich said.	Toony is not feeling well, says Spurs coach Gregg Popovich.	1
Both devices use version 5.2 of the Palm operating system and feature a new design, which resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	Both smartphones are running Palm 5.2 and both use the same operating system. The new design resembles a miniature notebook with a screen that swivels around 180 degrees.	1
In that position, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO of EMC.	As an employee of EMC, Elias will report to Joe Tucci, president and CEO.	1
But with the PM due to leave tomorrow afternoon for personal reasons there was a risk he might not be present when the final decision was made.	But with PM due tomorrow afternoon for personal reasons there was a risk he might not be present when the final decision was made.	1
The Borgata Hotel Casino & Spa opened its doors a day early.	A day early at The Borgata Hotel Casino and Spa opened its doors.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index ended the quarter up 120 points, a gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.	Stock index - Standard & Poor 500 - end quarter up 120 points, gain of 14 percent, the best performance for that broad market benchmark since 1998.	1
The Qantas colleagues were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital.	What are the health problems in colleagues of Qantas, who were rushed to the Royal Melbourne Hospital in a stable condition last night.	1
The trial, featuring 125 witnesses, could continue until the start of 2004.	This 125 witness trial is currently ongoing and is likely to end in the year 2004.	1
But price declines have remained below 30 percent, year over year, for the last two quarters, said IDC analyst John McArthur.	IDC analyst John McArthur says prices have fallen below 30 percent year over year the last two quarters.	1
The previous weekend record for an R-rated film was $58 million for "Hannibal."	What is the previous weekend record for an R-rated film? $58 million for "Hannibal."	1
The second rover is scheduled for launch later this month, and both vehicles are expected to arrive at Mars in January.	The second rover will be launched in mid-January. The first will land on Mars in a month.	1
A pro-independence radical, Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, came in second with 31 percent of the vote.	Is Miodrag Zivkovic, of the Liberal Alliance, a pro-independence radical, in second with 31 percent of the vote?	1
The per-share earnings were 4 cents per share higher than the expectations of analysts surveyed by Thomson First Call.	Earnings per share were 4 cents higher than the expectations of Thomson First Call analysts.	1
Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler in 1995, but did win representation on its board.	When Mr. Kerkorian tried unsuccessfully to take over Chrysler in 1995, but did win representation on its board.	1
The Sars illness, wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and economic uncertainty in Europe and the US have depressed air travel.	Is it true that the Sars disease, the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, and the economic uncertainty in Europe and the US have depressed air travel?	1
A nationally known computer hacker is being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.	Is a nationally known computer hacker being sought on a federal arrest warrant stemming from a sealed complaint in New York, a federal defender in California said Friday.	1
A man, 19-year-old Antowain Johnson, ``tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him,'' she said.	Antowain Johnson, 19, tried to go back in and get the rest of them but the smoke wouldn't let him'', she said.	1
Defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.	When the jury pool was selected against their client, the defense lawyers had said a change of venue was needed because massive pretrial publicity had tainted the jury pool against their client.	1
WHO spokeswoman Maria Cheng agreed, saying: "It looks very much like an isolated event."	"It looks very much like an isolated event", said Maria Cheng, WHO spokeswoman.	1
The GAO found cable rates have increased 40 percent over the past five years, versus 12 percent inflation during the period.	What did the GAO find? Cable rates have increased 40 percent over the past five years, versus 12 percent inflation during the period.	1
The stock has risen 44 cents in recent days.	Stock has increased - 44 cents in the last 24 hours.	1
Dowdell was transported to Boston Medical Center with nonlife-threatening injuries.	Injuries to Dowdell in Boston: "This is not a life threatening injury" Dowdell was transported to Boston Medical Center with nonlife-threatening injuries.	1
Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., sent a letter to President Bush Wednesday demanding action on the legislation.	Sen. Charles Schumer, D-N.Y., wrote to President Bush demanding action on the bill Wednesday.	1
The Rev. Christopher J. Coyne, spokesman for the archdiocese, wouldn't comment Friday.	Chris J Coyne, Archdiocese spokesperson, wouldn't comment Friday.	1
He was sentenced in June to more than seven years in prison for securities fraud, perjury and other crimes.	Was sentenced in June to more than seven years in prison for securities fraud, perjury and other crimes?	1
They looked at their son-in-law and his relatives, but did not exchange words.	What happened when they looked at their son-in-law and his relatives, but didn't exchange words.	1
Maurice Greene advanced to the semifinals of the 100-meter dash at the World Track and Field Championships.	Maurice Greene is a finalist for the 100-meter dash at the World Track and Field Championships.	1
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.	When Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.	1
Media giant Vivendi Universal EAUG.PA V.N set to work sifting through bids for its U.S. entertainment empire on Monday in a multibillion-dollar auction of some of Hollywood's best-known assets.	In a multi-billion-dollar auction of Hollywood's best-known assets, Vivendi Universal EAUG.PA V.N will work sifting through bids for its U.S. entertainment empire on Monday.	1
Like Viacom, GE -- parent of NBC -- is also seen as a less enthusiastic bidder compared to the likes of Bronfman or Davis.	Wie Viacom, GE -- parent of NBC -- is also seen as a less enthusiastic bidder compared to the likes of Bronfman or Davis.	1
The proceedings were taken up with prosecutors outlining their case against Amrozi, reading 33 pages of documents outlining allegations against him.	As prosecutors explained their case against Amrozi, they read 33 pages of documents outlining allegations against him.	1
He urged the US to provide clear rules on what would happen at possible trials.	Should the US provide clear rules for what happens in a possible trial?	1
He urged the US to provide clear rules on what would happen at possible trials.	...wouldn't the US have to make clear rules for what will happen in trials?	1
He urged the US to provide clear rules on what would happen at possible trials.	He called for the US to provide clear rules for trial.	1
Scruggs, who did not testify, was cleared of a second charge of failing to provide her son with proper medical and psychological care.	That’s right. Scruggs did not testify, and has been cleared for the second charge of failing to provide her son proper medical and psychological care.	1
The rebels suspended peace talks with the government April 21 citing a lack of progress.	The rebels on April 21 cited a lack of progress to stop peace talks with the government.	1
As you know, East Africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks in the past."	In the past east africa has been an area of terrorist threats and indeed terrorist attacks. "	1
People who have this disorder absorb excessive amounts of iron which can lead to organ damage.	People who have this disorder absorb excessive amounts of iron which can lead to organ damage. The chemical is iron.	1
Although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles popularity knew no bounds and far outreached any other Western rock music.	In the end, although deeply disapproved of in the Soviet Union, the Beatles' popularity knew no bounds and far out reached any other Western rock music.	1
Mr. Berg says in an advertisement for it, "More than my remembrances, this book intends to convey hers."	What's more than remembrances, this book intends to convey hers?" Mr. Berg says in a advertisement for it.	1
Shares of LendingTree rose $6.21, or 42 percent, to $20.90 after hitting $21.36 earlier.	Shares of LendingTree are up 46% to $20.90 from the previous low of $21.36.90, which stands at $40.60.17. The share has increased at a rate of 12 cents.	1
He said the district had been waiting for the subpoenas and had always planned to comply once it received them.	The district had been waiting for the subpoenas and had always planned to comply once it received them.	1
"We're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America," Levi Strauss Chief Executive Officer Phil Marineau said in a statement.	Levi Strauss Inc. CEO Phil Marineau said that "we're in a highly competitive industry where few apparel brands own and operate manufacturing facilities in North America."	1
In Nigeria alone, the report said, as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition.	As many as 1 million women are living with it in Nigeria alone, the report said.	1
In Nigeria alone, the report said, as many as 1 million women may be living with the condition.	As many as 1 million women in Nigeria are living with the condition, according to the report.	1
Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims.	Is it true that Glover spoke at a news conference that included about 20 relatives of the victims?	1
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Two small patrol boats were sent to the area around 2 p.m. Tuesday. They arrived around 4 p.m. and then at around 1 p.m. Wednesday. The migrants are not at large, but were spotted by the Coast Guard jet.	1
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."	Both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, where Dunlap won and sang "If I Could".	1
Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could."	Dorian Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing "If I Could"	1
Robbins said he wants to take any network like ESPN that charges more than $1 per Cox customer and make those optional choices for consumers to buy.	Any network like ESPN that charges more than $1 per Cox customer and make those optional choices for consumers to buy will have Robbins come to his rescue.	1
Robbins said he wants to take any network like ESPN that charges more than $1 per Cox customer and make those optional choices for consumers to buy.	If Cox customers pay more than $1 per month, then they can make the same option for consumers. Robbins said he wants to take any network like ESPN that charges more than $1 per month and make those optional choices for consumers to buy.	1
It names Shelley, Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack, and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants.	So says Shelley, Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack, and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants.	1
It names Shelley, Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack, and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants.	Shelley, Los Angeles County Registrar of Voters Conny McCormack, and registrars in Orange and San Diego counties as defendants.	1
He reiterated Schroder's statement last week that Berlin would consider sending peacekeepers to Iraq only if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations under a U.N. mandate.	Besides Schroder's statement that Berlin would only consider sending peacekeepers to Iraq if requested by an interim Iraqi government or the United Nations under a U.N. mandate, he reiterated Schroder's statement last week.	1
The next court session will be when the three-judge tribunal announces its verdict in mid-February.	During the next court session, the three-judge Tribunal will have to announce its verdict in mid-February.	1
Freddie Mac shares fell $1.49, to $50.01, on the New York Stock Exchange after official acknowledgment of the criminal investigation.	Do you think Freddie Mac stock fell $1.49, to $50.01, on the New York Stock Exchange after official acknowledgment of the criminal investigation?	1
X2 took in $17.1 million for a total three-week take of $174 million.	What X2 took in $17.1 million for a total three-week take of $174 million.	1
Four other men who were also charged in June have already pleaded guilty.	What happened to the other four men charged in June have already pleaded guilty.	1
But its most popular comedy, Friends, is going into its last season.	Among its other famous comedy, Friends, will be going into its final season.	1
Sgt. Randy Force, a police spokesman, said O'Brien wasn't being charged with causing the crash because Reed was jaywalking.	Sgt. Randy Force, a police spokesman, said O'Brien wasn't being charged with causing the crash because Reed was jaywalking. "I've seen one crash and I'm going to die right now," Reed said.	1
I loved the Brazilian music I played.	I love Brazilian music. How Brazilian music I played.	1
The book, scheduled for release next month, is described by Franken as a criticism of right-wing leaders and media spokesmen.	To summarise, the book, scheduled for release next month, is described by Franken as a criticism of right-wing leaders and media spokespersons.	1
"New" farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for "protection" but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.	If "new" farmers have increased the number of dogs they keep for "protection" but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.	1
"New" farmers say they have increased the numbers of dogs they keep for "protection" but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.	If "new" farmers say they have increased the number of dogs they keep for "protection" but former farmers say the packs are used to hunt depleted wildlife.	1
Albertson's and Kroger's Ralphs stores locked out their workers in response.	Albertson's and Kroger's Ralph's shutout their workers in response.	1
The decision means that Qarase must invite up to eight Labor Party members into cabinet.	Qarase has to invite eight Labor Party members to cabinet.	1
"Landing on an aircraft carrier doesn't make up for the loss of 2.5 million jobs in America," said the senator, a much-decorated Vietnam War veteran.	How would landing on an aircraft carrier make up for the loss of 2.5 million jobs in America," said the senator, a much-decorated Vietnam War veteran.	1
As part of his deal, Mr. Delainey has agreed to cooperate in the continuing investigation.	Mr. Delainey has signed the contract to cooperate with the investigative team.	1
Mall operators and retailers reported fewer people camping out for early-bird specials on Saturday morning, although many parking lots were crowded by early afternoon.	Do mall operators and retailers report fewer people camping out for early-bird specials on Saturday morning, though many parking lots were crowded by early afternoon?	1
Bob Schindler: That's correct, and the strategy behind that is, we wanted to kind of smoke him out, to see where he was coming from.	Bob Schindler: What was your strategy behind that? We wanted to smoke him out, to see where he was coming from.	1
Judge Philpot told Dica: "There is no evidence of your remorse.	On Dica, Judge Philpot said: "There is no evidence of your remorse."	1
Hedge funds came under renewed scrutiny recently when New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer unveiled a probe of illegal trading in mutual fund shares.	New York Attorney General Eliot Spitzer announced that he was investigating the illegal trading of mutual fund shares in the country. Apparently, there are other hedge funds with similar objectives, such as hedge funds.	1
Most of the alleged spammers engaged in fraudulent or deceptive practices, said Brad Smith, Microsoft's senior VP and general counsel.	Microsoft says most of the alleged spammers engaged in deceptive or fraudulent practices, said Brad Smith, Microsoft's senior vice president and general counsel.	1
Since December 2002, Evans has been the vice chair of the U.S. Chief Information Officers Council.	Where Evans has been since December 2002, he is the Vice Chair of the U.S. Chief Information Officers Council.	1
Companies that fall under that definition are subject to much less stringent regulation.	Which companies fall under that definition are subject to less stringent regulation.	1
The huge bottom-line loss stemmed from a 1.5 billion pound assets writedown, on top of a 3.5 billion first-half charge.	On top of a 3.5 billion charge a 3.5 billion first half charge is said to have caused a 1.5 billion pound asset writedown. The huge bottom line loss is expected to be less than 3% as the year progresses on average.	1
BOCHK chief executive Liu Jinbao was transferred abruptly to Beijing last month.	BOCHK ccte. Liu Jinbao was abruptly transferred to Beijing last month.	1
In case the company does not turn in the reports before the end of May, it is likely to be delisted, an SFC official said.	If a company doesn't turn in the reporting in May, it is likely to be delisted, an SFC official said.	1
Watson, of Whitakers, N.C., was found guilty of making a false threat to detonate explosives, and destruction of federal property.	We found that Tony Watson, of Whitakers, N.C., had a "false threat" of detonation of explosives, and a possession of federal property.	1
Drax faced a financial crisis late last year after it lost its most lucrative sales contract, held with insolvent utility TXU Europe.	After losing its most lucrative sales contract held with insolvent utility TXU Europe, Drax is facing a financial crisis late last year.	1
Drax faced a financial crisis late last year after it lost its most lucrative sales contract, held with insolvent utility TXU Europe.	After Drax lost most lucrative sales contract with insolvent utility TXU Europe, the company faced a financial crisis last year.	1
It's one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms.	What is one of several negotiating items where Canada appears to have caved in to U.S. demands and accepted less favourable terms.	1
The 2000 Democratic platform supported "the full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation."	Democrat's policy in 2000 called for the "full inclusion of gay and lesbian families in the life of the nation."	1
"We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the [touch-screen] machines for the 2004 presidential primary," said Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman.	Gilles W. Burger, State Board of Elections chairman. "We believe we are fully prepared to roll out the Touch Screen for the 2004 presidential primary."	1
"They were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous," said the Oscar-winning film director.	In the end, they were an inspirational couple, selfless and courageous," said the Oscar-winning filmmaker.	1
Launched from the space shuttle Atlantis in 1989, Galileo will have travelled about 4.6 billion kilometres by the time it hits Jupiter.	From the Space Shuttle Atlantis in 1989, Galileo will have travelled about 4.6 billion kilometres by the time it hits Jupiter.	1
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or stricter bans.	After California, several states and the federal government passed similar or stricter bans.	1
The US investment bank said: "We believe the long-term prospects for the energy sector in the UK remain attractive."	The investment bank of the US has said: "The UK energy sector has a good long-term future".	1
It was not immediately known how many people were on flight UTA 141, which could carry 141 passengers and crew.	How many people were on flight UTA 141, which could carry 141 passengers and crew?	1
It was not immediately known how many people were on flight UTA 141, which could carry 141 passengers and crew.	How many passengers were on UTA 141, which can carry 141 passengers and crew?	1
It was not immediately known how many people were on flight UTA 141, which could carry 141 passengers and crew.	How many people were on UTA 141, which carried 141 passengers and crew?	1
It was not immediately known how many people were on flight UTA 141, which could carry 141 passengers and crew.	How many people were on UTA 141, which could carry 141 passengers and crew?	1
But labor leaders said it was often difficult for these Americans to join a union because many employers fought organizing efforts.	It is difficult for American workers to join the union as they are often caught up in organizing, although labor leaders said it was often difficult for them to join because many employers battled for it.	1
Australia's view on Zimbabwe "will not be changing, irrespective of the views of other countries," he said.	Australie's view on Zimbabwe "will not be changing, irrespective of the views of other countries," he said.	1
The Democratic primary results have a margin of error of plus or minus 6.1 percentage points.	The primary Democratic candidate poll has a margin of error of 6.1 percentage points.	1
Advertising revenue at the FT newspaper was down 18 percent in the first half and circulation was down 5 percent.	In its first half, FT newspaper said advertising revenue was down 18 percent while circulation was down 5 percent.	1
The market remains pinned in a narrow range after a powerful rally drove the broad Standard & Poor's 500 index .SPX up more than 20 percent since mid-March.	Stock market remains pinned in narrow range after strong rally drove broad Standard & Poor's 500 index.SPX up more than 20 percent since mid-March.	1
The market remains pinned in a narrow range after a powerful rally drove the broad Standard & Poor's 500 index .SPX up more than 20 percent since mid-March.	"The equity markets remain stuck in narrow range after massive rally driving the broad Standard and Poor's 500 index up more than 20 percent since mid-March"	1
Scotland Yard said the three were charged under the Anti-Terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001, with alleged failure to disclose information about acts of terrorism.	Scotland Yard confirmed the arrests of three persons in connection with the Anti-Terrorism, Crime and Security Act 2001, with failure to disclose information about terrorism.	1
The deal will combine Adobe's Form Server, Form Designer and Reader products with IBM's DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products.	"Adobe's Form Server, Form Designer and Reader will combine IBM's DB2 Content Manager and CommonStore products."	1
The deal will combine Adobe's Form Server, Form Designer and Reader products with IBM's DB2 Content Manager and DB2 CommonStore products.	In the deal Adobe's Form Server, Form Designer, Reader and Reader products will combine IBM's DB2 Content Manager and CommonStore products.	1
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.	If the new study was successful, it would change the way doctors and patients look for melanomas.	1
Spider-Man snatched $114.7 million in its debut last year and went on to capture $403.7 million.	In its first season, Spider-Man has earned $114.7 million. In the second season, the movie has made $403.7 million.	1
Spider-Man snatched $114.7 million in its debut last year and went on to capture $403.7 million.	When the first Spider-Man movie came out last year, it took $114.7 million and went on to sell for $403.7 million.	1
Because of the holiday period, the agency will not release data from the period since Dec. 27 until today.	As of Christmas, the agency will not release data from the period since Dec. 27 until today.	1
"I think the financial diplomacy here of the sort that we are engaged in is the surest course to get the result we want."	What I think is the surest course to get the result we want is financial diplomacy here of the sort that we are engaged in"	1
"No, what I do is I answer questions as to whether or not the help that is available is being delivered," Bush said.	"What I do is I answer the question as to whether or not the help that is available is being delivered," Bush said.	1
"No, what I do is I answer questions as to whether or not the help that is available is being delivered," Bush said.	What I do is answer questions on whether the help is delivered or not," Bush said.	1
"No, what I do is I answer questions as to whether or not the help that is available is being delivered," Bush said.	What I do is I answer questions about whether or not the help that is available is being delivered,'' Bush said.	1
"No, what I do is I answer questions as to whether or not the help that is available is being delivered," Bush said.	What I do is I answer to questions about whether or not the help that is available is being delivered," Bush said.	1
"No, what I do is I answer questions as to whether or not the help that is available is being delivered," Bush said.	What I do is answer questions as to whether or not the help that is available is being delivered," Bush said.	1
Perry has since called two special legislative sessions to try force the redistricting plan through.	Perry triggered two special legislative sessions in his campaign to get the redistricting plan passed.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC lost 4.95 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,486.14.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC lost 4.95 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,486.14. The Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC is the largest index of the Nasdaq composite index. It is based on a.ixp-based index, which has a base of 326.16 million. It is the highest index of the Nasdaq Composite Index.	1
"The difference is just something called the tuner, which is a very small piece of equipment."	What is called "the tuner" is a very small piece of equipment?	1
"The difference is just something called the tuner, which is a very small piece of equipment."	What makes a tuner different is small in size"	1
"The difference is just something called the tuner, which is a very small piece of equipment."	What is the difference of a tuner a small piece of equipment?	1
When the butterflies were exposed to constant light, they flew directly towards the sun, presumably because they no longer had any sense of time.	When butterfly were exposed to constant light, they flew directly towards the sun, presumably because they no longer had any sense of time.	1
When the butterflies were exposed to constant light, they flew directly towards the sun, presumably because they no longer had any sense of time.	What happened if the butterflies were exposed to constant light, they flew towards the Sun, presumably because they didn't have any sense of time.	1
They said he organized a network of associates operating in as many as a dozen states.	He organized a network of associates operating in as many as a dozen states.	1
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.	As a self-described workaholic, Mr. Weill said he planned to remain very involved with the company.	1
Indeed, Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, said he planned to remain very involved in the company.	Even Mr. Weill, a self-described workaholic, planned to remain very involved in company.	1
The agreement between architect Daniel Libeskind and representatives of developer Larry Silverstein gives architect David Childs the lead role in developing the "Freedom Tower."	Daniel Libeskind's agreement with developer Larry Silverstein gives architect David Childs the lead role in the building of Freedom Tower.	1
Residents forced out of their homes on Sunday returned Monday, many to floods in their basements or lower floors.	When the residents flooded their homes on Sunday, they returned Monday, most of them to flood basements or lower floors.	1
Initial reports indicated the shots had been fired from inside a mosque.	Shooting reports exploded from inside a mosque.	1
Mahmud controlled access to Saddam for everyone but immediate family members, Pentagon officials said.	The Pentagon has revealed that Mahmud controlled access to Saddam Hussein for all but his immediate family members, officials said.	1
The TAAD and SAR-x chips are priced from $125 to $300 in quantities of 10,000.	Are SAR-X and TAAD priced from $125 to $300 in quantities of 10,000?	1
The findings are being published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.	What are the findings of the study published today in the Annals of Internal Medicine.	1
They describe themselves as "lifelong non-smokers whose primary interest is an accurate determination of the health effects of tobacco".	"Lifelong non-smokers whose primary interest is the accurate determination of the health effects of tobacco".	1
A photograph of the doctor's son, Ariel, holding the guitar appeared in the National Enquirer two weeks after Harrison's death.	The National Enquirer reported that Harrison died two weeks later. A photograph of the doctor's son, Ariel, holding the guitar was also published.	1
Inamed shares closed down nearly 12 percent on Nasdaq, where it was one of the top percentage losers.	When Inamed shares closed down nearly 12 percent on Nasdaq, where it was one of the top percentage losers.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gained 21.35 points, or 1.33 percent, to 1,624.91.	What's more, the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC gained 21.35 points, or 1.33 percent, to 1,624.91.	1
Delta personnel at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport were scrambling all day to find alternate flights -- even on other airlines, when necessary -- to move the inconvenienced passengers.	Delta has been scrambling to move passengers at Hartsfield-Jackson International Airport all day to find alternate flights, even on other airlines, when necessary.	1
For the year, Marvell expects revenue of $760 million to $790 million.	In the upcoming year, Marvell expects to make $760 million to $790 million.	1
In trading on the New York Stock Exchange, Kraft shares fell 25 cents to close at $32.30.	What is the value of Kraft shares in New York that declined 25 cents to close at $32.30?	1
He was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.	Was listed last night in critical but stable condition at Kings County Hospital Center, police said.	1
Investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs, Campbell has acknowledged.	What is more, Campbell admitted, is that investigators have meticulously looked into virtually every aspect of Campbell's personal and financial affairs.	1
Federal officials gave the DPS officer an FAA number to call to initiate lost-aircraft procedures.	Fed officials gave the DPS officer an FAA number to initiate lost-aircraft procedures.	1
But the settlement also defers any payment to investors, potentially for years, until the securities lawsuits against the brokerage firms are resolved.	A settlement is negotiated between the brokerage firms to prevent the deferment of any payment to investors for years. The settlement can only be made after the Securities suits are resolved.	1
"The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws," SCO Group said in an answer filed to an IBM court filing.	SCO Group says the GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws. In an answer filed to an IBM court filing, "The GPL violates the U.S. Constitution, together with copyright, antitrust and export control laws."	1
Elsewhere in Europe, Philips was up 4.6 percent after raising its targets for chip sales on Friday.	Philips was up 4.6% in Europe after making an announcement that it would be increasing chip sales on Friday.	1
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.	It also prohibits group from running ads that promote, support, attack or oppose any candidate at any time.	1
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.	What is the Rule prohibiting group from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.	1
Xerox shares closed at $11.45, up 2 cents on the New York Stock Exchange.	On the New York Stock Exchange, Xerox closed at $11.45, up 2 cents.	1
It may suggest that the exchange give up its regulatory powers.	Should the exchange give up its regulatory powers?	1
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.	Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP, 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.	1
The vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003.	XP and 2000, as well as Windows Server 2003. This vulnerability affects Windows NT 4.0, NT 4.0 Terminal Services Edition, XP and 2000.	1
The panel said some of NASA's cameras were obsolete and others no longer have a good view, because of civilian buildings built near them.	Besides NASA cameras, it was noted that some of these cameras were no longer good enough. A panel concluded that they did not have a good view because of the architecture that can be built in their vicinity.	1
Both companies automate many channels, though XM has some live programming, and Sirius airs live in-studio performances and interviews.	XM and Sirius Broadcasting, both companies automate many channels, though XM have some live programming, and Sirius airs live in-studio performances and interviews.	1
That means that if the planet is in a season, it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years.	If the earth is currently in a season then it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years.	1
That means that if the planet is in a season, it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years.	If the Earth is in a season then it will continue to brighten in the next 20 years.	1
That means that if the planet is in a season, it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years.	If the earth is in a season and the earth is in a season, then it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years.	1
That means that if the planet is in a season, it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years.	If the planet remains in the rotation for 20 years, it will continue to brighten for the next 20 years.	1
Neighboring Canada has just decided to legalize same-sex marriage, and they have high hopes that Massachusetts' supreme court will take a similar step soon.	Canada just announced a ruling to legalize same sex marriage, and they have high hopes that Massachusetts' supreme court will take a similar step soon.	1
Voyager 2, also launched in 1977, lags some 1.6 billion miles behind Voyager 1.	Voyager 2, launched in 1977, is approximately 1.6 billion miles behind Voyager 1.	1
Voyager 2, also launched in 1977, lags some 1.6 billion miles behind Voyager 1.	Voyager 2, launched in 1977, is 1.6 billion miles behind Voyager 1.	1
Voyager 2, also launched in 1977, lags some 1.6 billion miles behind Voyager 1.	Voyager 2, was launched in 1977, is 1.6 billion miles behind Voyager 1.	1
The film stars James Brolin as Mr. Reagan and Judy Davis as Mrs. Reagan.	James Brolin plays Mr. Reagan and Judy Davis plays Mrs. Reagan.	1
A federal judge yesterday disconnected a new national "do-not-call" list, just days before it was to take effect, saying the agency that created it lacked the authority.	A federal judge yesterday unrelated a new national "do-not-call" list, just days before it was to take effect, saying the agency created it was lacked the authority.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.	Standard and Poor's 500 Index.SPX> was up 9.69 points, or 0.98 percent, at 994.53.	1
Chairman Michael Powell and FCC colleagues at the Wednesday hearing.	Michael Powell, chairman of the FCC, and colleagues at the hearing Wednesday.	1
"We think it's great news," Enron spokesman Eric Thode said.	Enron's Eric Thode said the news was "somehow nice."	1
Officials at Microsoft and Lindon, Utah-based SCO couldn't be immediately reached for comment.	Microsoft and Lindon, Utah-based SCO were not immediately reached for comment.	1
Officials at Microsoft and Lindon, Utah-based SCO couldn't be immediately reached for comment.	Microsoft and Lindon, Utah-based SCO had not immediately been reached for comment.	1
Officials at Microsoft and Lindon, Utah-based SCO couldn't be immediately reached for comment.	Microsoft and Lindon, Utah-based SCO haven't been reached for comment.	1
They did so after her feeding tube was removed this afternoon, accompanied by the Rev. Thaddeus Malanowski, a Catholic priest who visits Mrs. Schiavo weekly.	What they did after her feeding tube was removed this afternoon, accompanied by the Rev. Thaddeus Malanowski, a Catholic priest who visits Mrs. Schiavo weekly.	1
He is expected to ask banks for around €50m this week to keep the company afloat.	If there's a need to keep afloat the company he is expected to ask banks for around €50m this week.	1
She has a boyfriend, too, officials said: Sgt. Ruben Contreras, who sat with her family Tuesday.	She has a boyfriend too, officials said. She had a boyfriend, too. Is Sergeant Ruben Contreras, who sat with her family Tuesday.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average.DJI> jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829. The Dow Jones is a data broker and is issued with a trading volume of $45,879.3. The Dow Jones is a rated trading volume.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average <.DJI> jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829.	Dow Jones industrial average increased by 1.36 percent to 8,829. The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average (.DJI>) jumped 118 points to 8,829.	1
He could get six to seven years in prison, plus fines.	Could get six to seven years in prison plus fines.	1
"We have found the smoking gun," board member Scott Hubbard said.	Scott Hubbard: "The smoking gun is finally here", board member says.	1
"We have found the smoking gun," board member Scott Hubbard said.	The smoking gun has finally been found, Board Member Scott Hubbard says.	1
An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, researchers have found.	How can an experimental drug reduce the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, researchers have found.	1
An experimental drug can slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, researchers have found.	How can an experimental drug slow the loss of vision caused by an eye disease that is the leading cause of blindness among the elderly, scientists have found.	1
The legislation, which now goes to the full House, would amend the state's 1988 corporate takeover law.	Would the legislation, now goes to the full House, amend the state's 1988 corporate takeover law.	1
They said the child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.	The child was taken to Nassau County Medical Center for observation.	1
The airline said the results showed that its recovery programme and other initiatives were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues.	As per the results, the airline said its recovery programme and other initiatives were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues.	1
In a statement, Lee said he "no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV."	Lee said Viacom "does not intentionally intended to trade on my name" when naming Spike TV. Lee said he "no longer believes that Viacom deliberately intended to trade on my name when naming Spike TV."	1
The seven other nations in the initiative are Britain, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain.	UK, Germany, Italy, Germany, Netherlands, Poland, Portugal and Spain are contributing to the initiative. The rest are in the UK.	1
"Accusations of improper activity are as false today as they were when the Democrats first made them," Grella said.	The Democrats' claim that there is illegal activity was made "today" is as false today as they were when the Democrats first made it," Grella said.	1
The euro was at 1.5276 versus the Swiss franc , up 0.2 percent on the session, after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session.	Forex: Euro was at 1.5276 versus the Swiss franc, up 0.2 percent on the session, after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session.	1
The Aspen fire had charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson and more than 250 homes had been destroyed.	More than 250 homes have been destroyed in the Aspen fire. The Aspen fire charred more than 12,400 acres by Monday on Mount Lemmon just north of Tucson.	1
In 1999, Mauritania became only the third Arab League state to establish full diplomatic relations with the Jewish state.	In 1999 Mauritania became the third Arab League state to establish full diplomatic relations with Israel.	1
Just across a river, St. Joseph has trendy restaurants, boutiques, offices and a picturesque beachfront.	St. Joseph is just across the river and has many unique restaurants, boutiques, offices and a beachfront.	1
That client component, the Microsoft Windows Rights Management Client 1.0, is what Microsoft posted for free download Tuesday.	Microsoft released Windows Rights Management client 1.0 for free on Tuesday.	1
The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system, an issue Microsoft on July 16 had warned about.	Microsoft: worm clogs Windows computer with a hole in Windows operating system, an issue Microsoft had warned about on July 16.	1
The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system, an issue Microsoft on July 16 had warned about.	An issue with Microsoft on July 16 had warned about. The worm attacks Windows computers via a hole in the operating system, an issue Microsoft on July 16 had warned about.	1
But in Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.	What does it mean in Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, her neighbourhood had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.	1
But in Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, residents had nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.	What is in Palestine, her rural neighbourhood 225 miles west of Washington, that has nothing but praise for Pte Lynch.	1
Justices Stephen Breyer, Sandra Day O'Connor and Anthony Kennedy disagreed.	Justice Anthony Kennedy ruled against Stephen Breyer and Sandra Day O'Connor.	1
The latest outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.	Is the latest outbreak has begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.	1
The latest outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.	What is the latest outbreak seems to have started with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.	1
The latest outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.	What the latest outbreak seems to have begun with one of the female patients, a transfer from Jen Chi Hospital in Taipei.	1
Its second-quarter earnings per share of 22 cents was slightly better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April.	Is the second quarter earnings per share of 22 cents a little better than analysts' estimates of 19 cents a share and more than double its prediction in April?	1
The board's final report, expected in late August, will stop short of assigning individual blame for the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts, Gehman said.	When the final report of the CISB will be released in late August, Gehman said, the report will not be a blanket condemnation of the Columbia accident that killed seven astronauts.	1
Treasury prices rose slightly, sending the 10-year note yield down to 4.38 percent from 4.39 percent late Friday.	The 10-year note yield is set at 4.38 percent, and it is trading down 4.38 percent from 4.39 percent on Friday. Treasury prices rise slightly.	1
Microsoft acquired Virtual PC when it bought the assets of Connectix earlier this year.	When Microsoft bought Connectix Inc earlier this year, Virtual PC was acquired.	1
The premium edition adds OfficeFront Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000.	Office Front Page 2003, Acceleration Server 2000, and SQL Server 2000 are included with the premium edition.	1
PFP Legislator Kao Ming-chien (), the fifth Taiwanese expert invited by the WHO to join the conference, will arrive in Malaysia today.	Kao Ming Chien will be in Malaysia today, according to a statement by the PFP Legislator. He will be the 5th Taiwanese expert invited by the WHO to join the conference.	1
Earlier, he told France Inter-Radio, "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."	As far as France Inter-Radio goes, he said: "I think we can now qualify what is happening as a genuine epidemic."	1
SARS or severe acute respiratory syndrome emerged in November last year.	In terms of acronym, severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) emerged in November last year.	1
Sutherland is the 65-year-old computing pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland, which made high-performance graphics computers.	As the 65-year-old computing pioneer who co-founded Evans & Sutherland, which made high-performance graphics computers.	1
Negotiators talked with the boy for more than an hour, and SWAT officers surrounded the classroom, Bragdon said.	Negotiations talked with the boy for more than an hour, and SWAT officers surrounded the classroom, Bragdon said.	1
Negotiators talked with the boy for more than an hour, and SWAT officers surrounded the classroom, Bragdon said.	For more than an hour, negotiations with the boy talked with the boy and SWAT officers surrounded the classroom, Bragdon said.	1
"There are some who feel that if they attack us, we may decide to leave prematurely," Mr Bush said at the White House.	If someone attacked us, they could threaten to attack us, and we will decide to leave prematurely," Mr Bush said at the White House.	1
"There are some who feel that if they attack us, we may decide to leave prematurely," Mr Bush said at the White House.	I think if they attack us, we will leave prematurely," Mr Bush said at the White House.	1
That fire, the largest wildfire in state history, charred 469,000 acres and destroyed 491 homes in surrounding communities.	What's more, the largest wildfire in state history charred 469,000 acres and destroyed 491 homes in surrounding communities.	1
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.	What was stealing market share? He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.	1
"A lot of these are made-up stories," Schwarzenegger told NBC television.	Schwarzenegger: "Some stories are made up" Schwarzenegger spoke with NBC.	1
Gates dismissed the challenge from open-source programs such as Linux, which is gaining adherents in the public and private sectors.	Has Gates removed the challenge from open-source programs such as Linux, which is gaining adherents in the public and private sectors.	1
Chances were, he said more than a week ago, he would see people who year after year pick the same place to sit.	Chances were, said more than a week ago, that people would be coming back year after year to find the same place to sit.	1
Chances were, he said more than a week ago, he would see people who year after year pick the same place to sit.	Until last week, he said, chances were that people would get to sit in the same spot year after year.	1
He adds: "She started beating me with her hands about the head until I ran into the other room."	She started beating me with her hands about the head until I ran into the other room. I ran away from her.	1
In the interview, Janet Racicot said she heard the thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water early Saturday morning.	Janet Racicot told me she heard a thud from the kitchen, where she was getting a glass of water on Saturday morning.	1
Jackson, 45, posted a $3 million bond and returned to Las Vegas, where he is filming a music video.	He is filming a music video and posted a $3 million bond in Las Vegas. Jackson, 45, posted a $3 million bond and returned to Las Vegas.	1
The intelligence service, headed by Fujimori's spy chief, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of torture, drug trafficking and disappearances.	Fijimori's intelligence service was accused of torture, drug trafficking and disappearances, headed by Vladimiro Montesinos.	1
The intelligence service, headed by Fujimori's spy chief, Vladimiro Montesinos, was accused of torture, drug trafficking and disappearances.	Was Fujimori's spy chief Vladimiro Montesinos's secret service accused of torture, drug trafficking and disappearances?	1
"There's nothing we can do to stop" the water flow, Stegman said.	We can't stop water flow, Stegman said.	1
Mr. Soros branded Mr. Snow's policy shift a "mistake."	Mr. Soros has branded Donald Snow's policy shift a "mistake".	1
The Federal Open Market Committee meeting gets under way on Tuesday with a monetary policy decision due on Wednesday.	The Federal Open Market Committee got under way on Tuesday. a monetary policy decision due on Wednesday.	1
The Federal Open Market Committee meeting gets under way on Tuesday with a monetary policy decision due on Wednesday.	What will happen to the Federal Open Market Committee on Tuesday as they consider a monetary policy decision that is expected to be made by Wednesday?	1
Late last month Microsoft restricted access to its MSN Messenger network.	Late last month Microsoft capped access to its msn Messenger network.	1
Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.	What's more, Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday, as a popular uprising against the president spread.	1
Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the food-starved capital on Wednesday as a popular uprising against the president spread.	As the popular uprising against President Petro Popolo grew, Bolivia's army fought to stop column of protesters from streaming in the food-starved capital on Wednesday as Bolivia's army fought to stop columns of protesters from streaming into the capital.	1
Both Mr Blair and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw have denied that Britain had reneged on plans to involve the UN in the reconstruction of Iraq.	Both Mr Blair and Foreign Secretary Jack Straw have denied that Britain had reneged on plans to use UN in the reconstruction of Iraq.	1
It's been a busy couple of days for security gurus assigned to keep their companies safe and sound.	What's been a busy couple of days for security gurus assigned to keep their companies safe and sound.	1
They include two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports with the remainder Iraqis and Saudis, the official said.	Two Kuwaitis and six Palestinians with Jordanian passports with the remainder Iraqis and Saudis, said an official.	1
Vivendi argues the agreement had not been approved by the board and that the payoff was inappropriate given the state of Vivendi's finances when new CEO Jean-Rene Fourtou took over.	When Jean René Fourtou became CEO, Vivendi argues the agreement had not been approved by the board and that the payoff was inappropriate given the state of Vivendi's finances.	1
Two Americans killed in a recent ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	The Americans who were killed in an ambush in Afghanistan were contract employees of the CIA, the agency said Tuesday.	1
Mr Charlton was in the third aisle when a man in a brown suit raced past him with his hands in the air, armed with the stakes.	When Mr Charlton arrived in the third aisle and saw a man in his brown suit race past him with his hands in the air, armed with the stakes.	1
On Wednesday, Judge Pollack dismissed another case, this one against Merrill Lynch investors in the firm's Global Technology Fund.	Another case against Merrill Lynch investors in its Global Technology Fund was dismissed by Judge Pollack on Wednesday.	1
Overall control will be wielded by a national security council, headed by Mr Arafat.	If there is a national security council headed by Arafat, overall control will be wielded by a National Security Council.	1
Overall control will be wielded by a national security council, headed by Mr Arafat.	What control will be exercised by the national security council, headed by Mr Arafat.	1
Congress twice passed partial birth bans, but former President Bill Clinton (news - web sites), citing the need for a health exception, vetoed both measures.	If Congress passed partial birth bans twice, but former president Bill Clinton (news - web sites) vetoed both measures, citing the need for a health exception.	1
The Syrian government has said nothing in public about the raid.	Is there any official statement from the Syrian government on the raid?	1
Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby, Doyle said.	Doll remarked that Hackett and Rossignol did not know each other and Hackett had no connection to Colby. Doyle said.	1
At another point, Mr. Bush said: "The choice was up to the dictator, and he chose poorly.	What was the point when Mr. Bush said the dictator was able to choose when he chose poorly in election day. "The dictator was able to chose poorly.	1
"It is probably not the easiest time to come in and take over the shuttle program, but then again, I look forward to the challenge," he said.	If it is not the easiest time to come into and take over the shuttle program, but then again, I look forward to the challenge," he said.	1
But JT was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment."	Jespers was careful to clarify that it was "not certain about the outcome of the discussion at this moment".	1
The main change, said Jim Walton, CNN's president, is a fundamental shift in the way CNN collects its news.	What was the main change, said Jim Walton, CNN's president, is a fundamental change in the way CNN collects its news.	1
The federal government intends to introduce legislation later this year that will ban unsolicited commercial e-mail, the Minister for Communications and Information Technology, Senator Richard Alston announced today.	Will the federal government introduce legislation later this year that would ban unsolicited commercial email, the Minister for Communications and Information Technology, Senator Richard Alston announced today.	1
They fear the treatment would leave 12-year-old Parker Jensen sterile and stunt his growth.	The treatment would leave Parker Jensen, 12, sterile and stunt his growth.	1
Costner plays Charlie Waite, a cowboy with a violent past.	How does Costner portray Charlie Waite, a cowboy with a violent past?	1
The Turkish troops also could be targets for attack, the ambassador acknowledged.	Could Turkish troops be targets for attacks - the ambassador admitted.	1
You can reach her at (248) 647-7221 or send e-mail to lberman@detnews.com.	You can reach Lberman at (248) 647-7221 or send e-mail to lberman@detnews.com.	1
Estonia's place in the European mainstream and safeguard its independence regained in 1991.	After the restoration of independence in 1991, Estonia has retained its place in Europe.	1
Estonia's place in the European mainstream and safeguard its independence regained in 1991.	Taking a place in European mainstream and safeguarding its independence, Estonia won independence in 1991.	1
The indictment ``strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world,'' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.	Indicted ''strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world,'' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.	1
The indictment ``strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world,'' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.	Indicted strikes at one of the very top targets in the drug trafficking world,'' said U.S. Attorney Marcos Jimenez.	1
"The committee will define the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role," said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement.	When the committee will determine the role of the interim chairman and recommend an individual to fill that role, said lead director H. Carl McCall in a statement.	1
Some 55 gang members and associates were arrested in a coordinated sweep across the West on Wednesday, some for charges not related to the casino brawl.	A coordinated sweep across the West on Wednesday, some for charges not related to the casino brawl. Some 55 gang members and associates were arrested in a coordinated sweep across the West on Wednesday.	1
Sirius recently began carrying National Public Radio, a deal pooh-poohed by XM because it doesn't include popular shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius has acquired National Public Radio, which is in trouble for XM because it doesn't have much show like "All Things Considered" or "Morning Edition".	1
Lt. Scotty Smither, a county firefighter, was struck by lightning.	The life of a county firefighter, Lt. Scotty Smither, was struck by lightning.	1
Johnsons site is www.katyjohnson .com. Maxs is www.tuckermax.com.	In addition, Katy Johnsons site is www.katyjohnson.com. Maxs site is www.tuckermax.com.	1
Johnsons site is www.katyjohnson .com. Maxs is www.tuckermax.com.	Jacksons site is www.katyjohnson.com. Maxs site is www.tuckermax.com.	1
Johnsons site is www.katyjohnson .com. Maxs is www.tuckermax.com.	Katy Johnsons is www.katyjohnson.com, Max is www.tuckermax.com.	1
Johnsons site is www.katyjohnson .com. Maxs is www.tuckermax.com.	Maxs is www.tuckermax.com. Johnson's website is www.katyjohnson.com. Johnson's site is www.tuckermax.com. Maxs is www.tuckermax.com.	1
It was the first speech by a US president to a joint session of the Philippines Congress since 1960.	What is the first time a US president has spoken at a joint session of the Philippines Congress since 1960?	1
We think they have the right to choose.	I think he has the right to choose.	1
Both rebels and government forces have been accused of pillaging villages in Liberia's countryside despite the peace agreement.	The government and rebels are accused of pillaging the countryside of Liberia despite a peace agreement.	1
He worked out how to get through the bone with his cheap "multitool"-type knife, made duller from futile attempts to scratch away at the rock.	In his cheap, multitool-type knife he worked out how to get through the bone, made duller from futile attempts to scratch away at the rock.	1
The tech-heavy Nasdaq Stock Markets composite index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.	Composite Index of Nasdaq Stock Markets. The tech-heavy index added 14.17 points or 0.94 per cent to 1,517.05.	1
The juvenile arrested yesterday allegedly authored a variant of the worm known as "RPCSDBOT."	Is it a case that the juvenile arrested yesterday was actually behind the worm known as "RPCSDBOT", a variant of the worm known as "RPCSDBOT"?	1
"I believe it is my duty to not only represent Australia but the people of the world as one as a stance against terrorism," he replied.	I believe it is my duty to represent Australia but the people of the world as a stance against terrorism," he added.	1
A draft statement, obtained by Reuters on Friday, stopped short of endorsing the U.S. charge but said some aspects of Iran's programme raised "serious concern".	In a draft statement, obtained by Reuters on Friday, Iran's nuclear program is not supported by the U.S. But it is said there is "serious concern" about it, it added.	1
Jim Eisenbrandt, Wittig's attorney, also was not available for comment immediately; his secretary said he was reviewing the report.	Why is Jim Eisenbrandt, Wittig's attorney, not available for comment immediately; his secretary said he was reviewing the report.	1
Jim Eisenbrandt, Wittig's attorney, also was not available for comment immediately; his secretary said he was reviewing the report.	Ignoring this fact that Wittig's attorney, Jim Eisenbrandt, was not available for comment immediately; his secretary said he was reviewing the report.	1
Jim Eisenbrandt, Wittig's attorney, also was not available for comment immediately; his secretary said he was reviewing the report.	Henrik Wittig's attorney, Jim Eisenbrandt, was not available for comment immediately; his secretary said he was reviewing the report.	1
British ministers have been asked to explain why they gave undue prominence to the claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy chemical or biological weapons "within 45 minutes".	Why have British ministers been asked to explain why they gave undue prominence to the claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy chemical or biological weapons "in 45 minutes"?	1
British ministers have been asked to explain why they gave undue prominence to the claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy chemical or biological weapons "within 45 minutes".	Why did British ministers insist on a declaration that Saddam Hussein could deploy biological weapons within 45 minutes?	1
British ministers have been asked to explain why they gave undue prominence to the claim that Saddam Hussein could deploy chemical or biological weapons "within 45 minutes".	Why did British Prime Ministers insist on Saddam Hussein's ability to launch a chemical bomb in less than 45 minutes?	1
Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson and Brian Anderson of DallasNews.com contributed to this report.	Brian Anderson contributed to this report from DallasNews.com. Staff writers Selwyn Crawford and Colleen McCain Nelson contributed to this report.	1
SCO intends to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully paid-for way, he said.	Is SCO intending to provide them with choices to help them run Linux in a legal and fully paid-for way, he said.	1
South Asia follows, with 1.1 millions youths infected — 62 percent of them female.	With 1.1 million youths infected, 62 percent of them women, South Asia follows, with 1.1 million of them infected.	1
Researchers have identified roughly 130 genes on chromosome six that may predispose humans to certain diseases.	On chromosome six, researchers have identified roughly 130 genes that are prone to specific diseases.	1
Government bonds sold off sharply after Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth".	After Greenspan told Congress on Tuesday that the U.S. economy "could very well be embarking on a period of extended growth", the market for government bonds fell sharply.	1
This is what Dr. Dean said: "I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their pickup trucks.	If Dr. Dean wanted to be in a pickup truck, he said: "I still want to be the candidate for guys with Confederate flags in their trucks."	1
Mayor Mike Bloomberg weighs in former football star William 'The Refrigerator' Perry for the 88th annual Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest.	Will Mayor Mike Bloomberg weigh in former football star William 'The Refrigerator' Perry for the 88th Annual Nathan's Famous Fourth of July Hot Dog Eating Contest?	1
Stocks had surged on Tuesday as economic reports pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence.	Economic report pointed to a thriving housing market and an uptick in consumer confidence. Shares had surged on Tuesday.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> declined 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC> declined 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84. The Nasdaq Stock Exchange closed on Oct. 11.	1
Three each came from Africa, Asia and Latin America.	3) each came from Africa, Asia and Latin America. Three each came from a different continent.	1
Muhammad will stand trial for the Oct. 9 slaying of Dean Harold Meyers, 53.	If Muhammad was to stand trial for the Oct. 9 killing of Dean Harold Meyers, 53, Muhammad will stand trial for the slaying.	1
You have to dig deep and come up with the goods against guys who are out there competing with you."	If there are guys out there competing with you, you have to dig deep and come up with the goods.	1
The consensus estimate of analysts polled by Thomson First Call called for a profit of $1.70 per share.	Analysts polled by Thomson First Call predicted profit of $1.70 per share.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX ended up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51, ending at its highest since late June 2002.	How did the broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX end up up 1.03 points, or 0.10 percent, at 998.51. It ended at its highest since late June 2002.	1
Shares in Tellabs were up 16 cents, or 2.2 percent, at $7.34 in morning trading on Nasdaq.	Tellabs shares were up 16 cents, or 2.2 percent, at $7.34 in morning trading on Nasdaq. Shares in the Nasdaq had not yet reached their closing price.	1
Sony said the PSP would also feature a 4.5-inch LCD screen, Memory Stick expansion slots.	Sony says Sony will add a 4.5-inch LCD screen to the next generation PSP as well as Memory Stick and Adapter slots.	1
Columbine gunman Dylan Klebold is shown firing a sawed-off shotgun in a video tape released by the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department.	In a video released by the Jefferson County Sheriff's Department, Dylan Klebold is seen shooting a sawed off shotgun in Columbine.	1
The artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most--performers who have a hard time lining up work.	What artists say the plan will harm French culture and punish those who need help most--performers who have a hard time lining up work.	1
Excluding the impact of accounting changes, Ford would have earned 13 cents a share.	Ford will have earned 13 cents a share, if the company doesn't change their accounting practices.	1
Sharon says he is willing to free the two as holding them will not bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran.	Sharon says he is willing to free the two as holding them wont bring back Arad, who Israel believes is held by Iran.	1
"It's hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision."	Why is it hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision."	1
"It's hard to believe that we live in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision."	What is the reality of living in a society where parents wouldn't be notified of an abortion, which is a very profound decision?"	1
Despite such optimism, Taiwan's SARS crisis threatened to whirl out of control this month.	TAIPEI: Despite such optimism, Taiwan's SARS crisis threatened to whirl out of control this month.	1
Baer said he had concluded that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely . . . that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."	Baer said that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida. He said that lawyers for the two victims "have shown, albeit barely... that Iraq provided material support to bin Laden and al-Qaida."	1
He'll present his proposals to the state Legislature in January.	Will present his proposals to the state legislature in January?	1
He'll present his proposals to the state Legislature in January.	What are some of his ideas for state legislature in January?	1
But U.S. District Judge Joseph DiClerico denied their request in a brief ruling.	In a brief decision, U.S. District Judge Joseph DiClerico denied their request.	1
Also Thursday, the NYSE's board elected six new directors _ three non-industry representatives and three industry representatives.	The NYSE on Thursday selected six directors to fill the board. Two of them are non-industry.	1
A 1991 Florida straw poll helped catapult a little-known Bill Clinton to national prominence.	In a 1991 Florida straw poll, a man named Bill Clinton was able to rise to national prominence.	1
Clinton did not mention that two Democratic senators, Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky, voted to shelve the McCain bill.	Did Hillary Clinton mention that two Democratic senators, Charles Robb of Virginia and Wendell Ford of Kentucky, voted to shelve the McCain bill?	1
"Our own history should remind us that the union of democratic principle and practice is always a work in progress," Rice said in reference to Iraq.	What should be observed in our own history to remind us that the union of democratic principle and practice is always a work in progress, said Rice in reference to Iraq.	1
He was charged with attempting to provide material support and resources to terrorists, and dealing arms without a licence.	- Assisting terrorists by supplying them with drugs and weapons without a licence.	1
In Lytle Creek Canyon, a 4-foot-high mud flow crossed a road, trapping a car.	In Lytle Creek Canyon, a 4-foot-high mud flow crossed a road, trapping a car. The vehicle was also caught.	1
However, prosecutors have declined to take criminal action against guards, though Fine said his inquiry is not finished.	Defiant is refusing to take criminal action against guards, though Fine said his investigation is not finished.	1
Some of the company's software developers will join Microsoft, but details haven't been finalized, said Mike Nash, corporate vice president of Microsoft's security business unit.	Microsoft: A few of Microsoft's software developers will join Microsoft, but details haven't been finalized, said Mike Nash, corporate vice president of Microsoft's security business unit.	1
The Dow Jones industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December."	Dow Jones Industrials briefly surpassed the 9,000 mark for the first time since December " "... The Dow Jones Industrials...... ""While some markets pushed over the 9,000 mark for the first time since December 2007, Dow Jones...... ""The Dow Jones Industrials... crossed the........ "	1
The league said it is not taking a position on whether Governor Gray Davis should be recalled in the Oct. 7 voting, and will not endorse a replacement candidate.	The league has decided not to endorse Governor Gray Davis, and is not taking a position on whether he should be recalled in the Oct. 7 voting, and will not endorse any candidate.	1
Mr Annan said terrorism "will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it".	What does Mr Annan mean by "terrorism will only be defeated if we act to solve the political disputes and long-standing conflicts which generate support for it"?	1
Smackdown, first organized by WWE, registered more than 400,000 voters for the 2000 presidential election.	In the 2000 United States Presidential Election, Smackdown, which was first organized by WWE, registered over 400,000 voters.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.	NASDADA — The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC climbed 19.11 points, or 1.2 percent, to 1,615.02.	1
"Michael is innocent," Jackson's mother, Katherine, said in a written statement.	"Michael is innocent," Jackson's mother, Katherine, said in a written statement. "And he is innocent."	1
The German financial regulator, BaFin, may prove critical of WestLB's risk assessment.	Does the German financial regulator, BaFin, prove critical of WestLB's risk assessment?	1
U.S. President George W. Bush said "the nation lost a great citizen" with Hope's death.	George W. Bush said the country lost a great citizen when Hope died.	1
U.S. President George W. Bush said "the nation lost a great citizen" with Hope's death.	"The nation lost a great citizen" in the face of Hope's death. And as a consequence, George W. Bush said.	1
An Associated Press report is included.	A AP report is included.	1
The manufacturers include Fujitsu Ltd., Mitsubishi Electric Corp., Motorola Japan Ltd., NEC Corp., Panasonic Mobile Communications Co. Ltd., and Sharp Corp.	What were the manufacturers of Fujitsu Ltd., Mitsubishi Electric Corp., Motorola Japan Ltd., NEC Corp., Panasonic Mobile Communications Co. Ltd., Sharp Corp.?	1
Nor has it said how many astronauts will be on board, through there reportedly will be between one and three.	How many astronauts will be on board, though there are reports of them being between one and three.	1
Nor has it said how many astronauts will be on board, through there reportedly will be between one and three.	No body has said how many astronauts were on board, though there are reportedly between one and three.	1
The euro rose as high as $1.1535 -- a fresh four-year high -- in early Asian trading before standing at $1.1525/30 .	In Asian trading, the euro rose as high as $1.1535. That is a fresh four-year high. The euro did not close until after.1525/30.	1
"They will feel themselves to be deceived and they may well dismiss legitimate evidence of the risks of this and other drugs in the future.	Why will they feel like they are being deceived, and may well dismiss legitimate evidence of the risks of this and other drugs in the future."	1
"They will feel themselves to be deceived and they may well dismiss legitimate evidence of the risks of this and other drugs in the future.	She said 'they will feel themselves to be deceived and they may well dismiss legitimate evidence of the risks of this and other drugs in the future.'	1
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.	What were the locations of the computer in the U.S., Canada and South Korea?	1
The leased applications are designed to help sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.	What are leased applications designed to help sales people track customer accounts and sales leads.	1
And although he has acted in period dramas before in screen versions of Jane Austens Persuasion and Charlotte Brontes Jane Eyre Henchard is a breed apart.	I know he has acted in the films before in this series Jane Austens Persuasion and Charlotte Brontes Jane Eyre Henchard is a breed apart.	1
US District Judge William M. Hoeveler's removal by his superior was a victory for US Sugar Corp., which led the fight for his ouster.	Was US District Judge William M. Hoeveler's removal by his superior a victory for US Sugar Corp., which led the fight for his ouster.	1
Wal-Mart has said it plans to open at least 40 Supercenters in the state in the coming years; analysts expect four or more to be in San Diego County.	In the next decade, Wal-Mart will be opening 40 Supercenters in the state; analysts expect that four or more are in San Diego County.	1
Cintas is battling efforts to unionize 17,000 of its workers and to let unions organize the workers by signing cards, rather than by a lengthy election process.	cintas battling efforts to unionize 17,000 workers and to let unions organize the workers by signing cards, rather than by a lengthy election process.	1
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.	Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly): The house means stability and family.	1
For Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly), the house means stability and family.	To Kathy Nicolo (Jennifer Connelly) houses mean stability and family.	1
The justices declined without comment to review the ruling that upheld physicians' rights to speak freely with their patients.	In his own words, the justices declined to comment on the ruling that upheld physicians' rights to speak freely with their patients.	1
The opposition would resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship," he said.	If the opposition would resort to rolling mass action "at strategic times of our choice and without warning to the dictatorship," he said.	1
It has also been revealed the boy's family filed two other abuse-related lawsuits in the past, winning a $165,000 settlement in one case.	Having filed two other abuse related lawsuits, it has been revealed the boy's family filed a $165,000 settlement in one case.	1
Mitchell, Man of La Mancha, Malcolm Gets from Amour and John Selya, Movin' Out, complete the field.	Was Mitchell, Man of La Mancha, Malcolm Gets from Amour, and John Selya, Movin' Out complete the field?	1
But White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday: "The steps the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al-Qa'ida are insufficient."	White House spokesman Ari Fleischer said yesterday that "the Iranians claim to have taken in terms of capturing al Qaida are insufficient."	1
The Smyrna Nissan plant was recently named the most productive automotive manufacturing site in North America, said Kisber.	From a business perspective, Smyrna Nissan has been named as the most productive auto manufacturing site in North America by Kisber.	1
On Hebert's body were his wallet, driver license and cell phone, its batteries drained, Tracy said.	Were Hebert's wallet, his license and cell phone drained on his body, his batteries drained, Tracy said.	1
That risk, described as minor, remains "the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the statement released after the Fed meeting said.	Those risks, described as minor, remain "the predominant concern for the foreseeable future," the statement released after the Fed meeting.	1
Elsewhere in the diary, Truman showed a more familiar side, colorful and outspoken in his disdain for life in the White House.	In a diary, Truman shows a more familiar side, colorful and outspoken in his disdain for life in the White House.	1
Wall Street is looking for a profit of 30 cents a share in the third quarter and $1.31 for the fiscal year.	Is Wall Street looking to make a profit of 30 cents a share in the third quarter and $1.31 in fiscal year?	1
The Nets and the Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while causing their high-scoring American Basketball Association forefathers to cringe.	How are the Nets and the Spurs entering the new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while causing their high-scoring American Basketball Association forefathers to cringe.	1
The Nets and the Spurs are crossing new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while causing their high-scoring American Basketball Association forefathers to cringe.	Is it true that the Nets and the Spurs are crossing the new frontiers of offensive ineptitude while causing their high-scoring American Basketball Association forefathers to cringe?	1
"I can tell you that it's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM."	It's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM.	1
"I can tell you that it's routine for IBM to challenge its internal IT teams to rigorously test new platforms and technologies inside IBM."	IBM says it has "a routine environment" in which IT staff perform internal tests for new products/services which are designed to become standard or reliable by testing new platforms inside IBM. The situation is similar to that of the IT Department as it is often designed to be a result of this process.	1
Neither immediately said his agency would appeal the decision, but many others following the case said an appeal was likely soon.	He could not immediately say if his agency will appeal the decision, but many others following the case said an appeal would likely be soon.	1
Neither immediately said his agency would appeal the decision, but many others following the case said an appeal was likely soon.	If neither agency wants to appeal the decision, but many others following the case said an appeal is likely soon.	1
Neither immediately said his agency would appeal the decision, but many others following the case said an appeal was likely soon.	Both denied immediately that his agency would appeal the decision, but many others following the case said an appeal was likely soon.	1
Palm Beach County is considering adding up to $200 million more in incentives.	Is Palm Beach County considering up to $200 million in incentives?	1
Viacom's lawyers say Spike is a common name that does not necessarily prompt thoughts of Lee.	What are Viacom's lawyers saying about Spike, a common name that doesn't necessarily prompt thoughts of Lee?	1
The American troops, who also defend the mayor's compound, have been attacked on two separate occasions.	What happened to the American troops, who also defend the mayor's compound, have been attacked on two separate occasions.	1
The American troops, who also defend the mayor's compound, have been attacked on two separate occasions.	How have American troops, who also defend the mayor's compound, been attacked on two separate occasions.	1
The American troops, who also defend the mayor's compound, have been attacked on two separate occasions.	Have the American troops, who also defend the mayor's compound, been attacked on two separate occasions.	1
Hester said Sanmina was the best fit among several purchase offers the company received from electronics manufacturers and computer makers.	Sanmina says it has received several offers from several manufacturers. Hester said Sanmina is the best fit among the product lines the company received from computer manufacturers.	1
"At that time I didn't agree, because the people who will be the victims are schoolchildren and security," he says.	At that time I didn't agree, because the people who will be the victims are schoolchildren and security," he says. "At that time I didn't agree, because the people who will be the victims are. "	1
Tamil parties blame the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam (LTTE) for these killings.	In Tamil party LTTE is being blamed for many Tamil deaths.	1
The other inmate fell but Selenski shimmed down the makeshift rope to a second-story roof and used the mattress to scale a razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	An inmate that fell but Selenski shimmed down the rope to a second-story roof and used the mattress to scale a razor-wire fence, Fischi said.	1
Investigators conducted DNA tests on the stains and ran the results through a national DNA data base in August.	We conducted DNA tests on the stains and ran the results through a national DNA data base in August.	1
WHO noted that most resistant bacteria growth among humans was due to overuse of antibiotics by doctors -- not due to farmers.	Who says the most resistant bacteria population was due to overuse of antibiotics in medical research, not due to farmers. The majority of bacteria were resistant to the antibiotics.	1
WHO noted that most resistant bacteria growth among humans was due to overuse of antibiotics by doctors -- not due to farmers.	World Health Organisation said most resistant bacteria were due to overuse of antibiotics by doctors, not due to farmers.	1
One had also pointed to the word refugee in an English/Turkish dictionary.	A Turkish and English dictionary would point to the word refugee.	1
Drug developer Inspire Pharmaceuticals Inc. ISPH.O tumbled $2.17, or 13.4 percent, to $13.98.	Ispharmaceutical developer Inspire Pharmaceuticals Inc. declined $2.17, or 13.4 percent, to $13.98. The shares closed at $11.21. On Monday.	1
A senior Malaysian member of JI testified in June that Bashir had approved the church bomb attacks and had called a meeting to plan Megawati's assassination.	A senior Malaysian member of JI testified in June that Bashir had endorsed the church bomb attacks and had called a meeting to plan Megawati's assassination. The verdict came after a meeting in the Government of Malaysia refused to give any further details as to the causes of the church bombing, and an independent source provided the complete details.	1
Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery, Virginia Carnes said.	Virginia Carnes: Maddox, 87, cracked two ribs when he fell about 10 days ago at an assisted living home where he was recovering from intestinal surgery.	1
"Really, this plan is an insult to working parents throughout New York City," Mr. Silver said.	This is a campaign that was made against working families in New York City and is an insult to working parents, Mr. Silver said.	1
He said he has begun a court action to seize Beacon Hill's assets and has frozen more than $13 million Beacon Hill had when it closed.	He said he will pursue a lawsuit to seize Beacon Hill's assets and have frozen more than $13 million beacon hill had when it closed. Beacon Hill said that he is awaiting a ruling in the case.	1
The $250 million expansion will boost Nissan's total investment at its two Tennessee plants to $2.75 billion.	What's more, the $250 million expansion will boost Nissan's total investment at its two Tennessee plants to $2.75 billion.	1
The document, headlined Information for Health Care Professionals, warns of potential panic attacks, psychosis and convulsions.	Information for Health Care Professionals warns about possible panic attacks, psychosis and convulsions.	1
In Europe, France's CAC-40 fell 0.8 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 lost 0.9 percent and Germany's DAX index gave back 1 percent.	In Europe, France's CAC-40 fell 0.8 percent, Britain's FTSE 100 lost 0.9 percent and Germany's DAX index gave back 1 percent. In the U.S., a reversion of the CAC-40 index in December would provide a better read of the CAC/A.S.G., which had been the strongest day in November. However, the CAC-40 index is still good even now.	1
Speaking for the first time yesterday, Brigitte's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had was in prison or that he had remarried.	For the very first time yesterday, Brigitte's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had been in prison or had remarried.	1
Speaking for the first time yesterday, Brigitte's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had was in prison or that he had remarried.	From his first interview yesterday, Brigitte's maternal aunt said her family was unaware he had been in prison or that he had remarried.	1
"Our policies are well-known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy" on Iran, Powell said.	Powell said we have policies for Iran that are well known. He said there have been no changes in our policies.	1
"Our policies are well-known, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy" on Iran, Powell said.	We have established a policy of well known nature on Iran, and I'm not aware of any changes in policy on Iran, Powell said.	1
"They were brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only deceased in this case."	He was brutally beaten, and it's really a wonder that Porchia is the only dead person in this case?	1
At least 13 of the affected flights were scheduled out of Atlanta.	At least 13 of the affected flights were scheduled out of Atlanta. (Wikipedia)	1
At least 13 of the affected flights were scheduled out of Atlanta.	At least 13 flights were cancelled from Atlanta.	1
The blaze was only 5 percent contained early Monday.	As of Monday morning the fire was only 5 percent contained.	1
"Here's what happened: I go to their Web site and start complaining to them, would you please, please, please stop bothering me," he said. "	I see their website and I start complaining to them. If you had not stopped bothering me, wouldn't you please?	1
"He wasnt like that, except for getting in a couple fights with his dad.	"He wasnt like that except for getting into a couple fights with his dad. He was not like that.	1
"He wasnt like that, except for getting in a couple fights with his dad.	"He wasn't like that except for getting in a couple fights with his dad. He wasn't like that."	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC inched down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.	Ixic, the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index. is down 1 point, or 0.11 percent, to 1,650.	1
"Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies, close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism."	In our work against terrorism, close co-operation between law enforcement agencies, close co-operation between intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism."	1
"Close co-operation between our law enforcement agencies, close co-operation between our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism."	Our intelligence services lie at the heart of the ongoing fight against terrorism. Close co-operation and cooperation between our police force are important aspects."	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index <.IXIC> declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC> declined 16.68 points, or 1.01 percent, at 1,636.94. New Delhi:	1
The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from a stolen credit cards.	In a tuxedo shop the proceeds were laundered from a stolen credit card. The store was used as a front for laundering the proceeds.	1
They say inspectors must certify that Iraq is free of weapons of mass destruction before sanctions can be lifted.	Do inspectors have to verify that Iraq is free of weapons of mass destruction before sanctions can be lifted?	1
The high Saturday is expected to be about 92 degrees, and it will likely drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday.	The high will be around 92 degrees on Saturday and will drop to 90 degrees on Sunday and Monday.	1
The mother of a Briton held by Colombian guerrillasspoke of her relief yesterday after hearing that he might be freed in the next few weeks.	In Colombia the mother of a Briton held by guerrillas spoke of her relief yesterday after hearing that he might be freed in the next few weeks.	1
Strong spokeswoman Stephanie Truog said, "We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals.	The Company of Strength spokeswoman Stephanie Truog said, "We are in the process of a thorough internal review with the assistance of outside professionals.	1
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.	Did similar bills pass the House twice and died in the Senate?	1
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy also dissented from the dismissal.	Justice Anthony M. Kennedy also sented from the dismissal.	1
With the government grant added in, the airline earned $246 million, or 30 cents a share.	If the government grant added in, the airline earned $246 million, or 30 cents a share.	1
Other recall suits are pending in federal court.	If you don't know, other recall suits are pending in federal court.	1
Analysts have estimated the worth of the core properties at $10 billion-$15 billion.	When it comes to assets, analysts have estimated the value of the core properties at $10 billion-$15 billion.	1
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.	Would The Commerce Commission have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.	1
The Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle for such a deal.	For a deal to be done, the Commerce Commission would have been a significant hurdle.	1
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.	The International Committee for Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra. On Saturday, the IRC said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.	1
It held elections in 1990, but refused to recognize the results after Suu Kyi's party won.	What happened in the 1990 elections? It refused to recognize the results after Suu Kyi won.	1
The findings appear in next Friday's Physical Review Letters.	What are the findings of the Physical Review Letters next Friday?	1
In Washington, the federal government remained closed for a second day.	The federal government closed for two days in Washington.	1
It does not affect the current Windows Media Player 9.0 Series.	Does not affect the current Windows Media Player 9.0 series?	1
The arrests came two days after Ken Livingstone, the London Mayor, claimed police and security services had foiled four terrorist attacks on the capital.	London Mayor Ken Livingstone said police and security services had foiled four terrorist attacks in London. The arrests came two days after he claimed that police and security services had foiled four attacks on London.	1
For the full 12-month period, high-speed cable modem connections increased by 49 percent.	By using a high speed cable modem, the speed of a network was increased by 49 percent for the full 12-month period.	1
Advancers outnumbered decliners 1,821 to 1,199 on the New York Stock Exchange on volume of just over 480 million shares.	On a volume of just over 480 million shares, Advancers outnumbered decliners 1,821 to 1,199 on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
The seizure took place at 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.	What's more, the seizure took place at 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.	1
"We acted because we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9-11."	What acted when we saw the evidence in a dramatic new light - through the prism of our experience on 9/11?	1
This decision would "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy," he said.	Would this decision "throw a monkey wrench into the FCC's efforts to develop a vitally important national broadband policy" he said.	1
No charges were announced, but the statement said legal proceedings were expected Monday.	Sadly no charges have been announced and court action is expected on Monday.	1
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.	Where the WHO say the latest case of SARS does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.	1
The WHO says the latest case does not fit its profile of SARS and is not a public health concern.	WHO says latest SARS cases are not true, and their presence does not make them public health concerns.	1
He was a close associate of Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed," Bush said.	Was a close associate of Sept. 11 mastermind Khalid Shaikh Mohammed," Bush said.	1
Some analysts estimate sales of Xolair could reach $260 million by 2006 and $750 million by 2008.	Xolair will sell $260 million in 2006, and 750 million in 2008, some analysts estimate.	1
The highly integrated amplifiers for driving microphone and speakers, the part requires only minimal external components.	Are highly integrated amplifiers for driving microphone and speaker, the part requires only minimal external components.	1
The highly integrated amplifiers for driving microphone and speakers, the part requires only minimal external components.	To drive speaker and microphone, the highly integrated amplifier requires only minimal external components.	1
For the week, the Russell 2000, the barometer of smaller company stocks, advanced 11.92, or 2.5 percent, closing at 497.42.	What is the Russell 2000 stock? For the week, the barometer of small company stocks advanced 11.92, or 2.5 percent, closing at 497.42.	1
Thompson ordered Moore to remove the monument within 30 days, but stayed that order pending Moore's appeal to the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.	Why didn't Moore remove the monument within 30 days? Thompson ordered the removal of the monument within 30 days, but stayed that order pending Moore's appeal to the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals.	1
To the caller who claimed to have found a mini-cassette from the space shuttle Columbia: NASA is extremely interested in talking to you, "no-questions-asked".	If this is the case for a caller who claimed to have discovered a mini-cassette from the space shuttle Columbia, NASA is interested in chatting with you, "no-questions-asked".	1
Also, hospital efforts to start "fever clinics" in parking lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency rooms are "moving along impressively," Dr. Roth said.	Will hospital efforts to start a "fever clinic" in parking lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency room are "moving along impressively," Dr. Roth said.	1
Also, hospital efforts to start "fever clinics" in parking lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency rooms are "moving along impressively," Dr. Roth said.	When hospitals start "fever clinics" in parking lot tents to keep infectious patients out of emergency room, they're moving along impressively, Dr. Roth said.	1
His opinion contradicts one issued in 1992 by then-Attorney General Bob Stephan.	He opposes a decision made in 1992 by the then-Attorney General Bob Stephan.	1
You can use interactive features on the IRS Web site (www.irs.gov) to track refunds or advance child-credit payments.	Use interactive features on IRS Web site (www.irs.gov) to track refunds or advance child-credit payments.	1
"I will support a constitutional amendment which would honor marriage between a man and a woman, codify that," he said.	I want a constitution amendment that would respect the marriage of a man and a woman, and incorporate it."	1
U.S. Agriculture Secretary Ann Veneman said she will send a U.S. technical team to Canada to assist in the situation.	Ann Veneman of Agriculture Secretary said the U.S. agriculture department will send a technical team to Canada to assist in the situation.	1
While JI has undoubted links with al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	JI affixes undoubted links to al-Qaeda, the relationship "may be less one of subservience... than of mutual advantage and reciprocal assistance".	1
He said firefighters had an advantage on the northern flank because of an existing firebreak dug during last year's fire north of Mount Lemmon.	Firefighter had an advantage on the northern flank because of an existing firebreak dug during last year's fire north of Mount Lemmon.	1
GM's offering is also expected to include about $3.5 billion in convertible securities.	Is GM's offer is also expected to include $3.5 billion in convertible securities?	1
Costa's semifinal opponent is Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.	In Costa's semifinal, he plays Spaniard Juan Carlos Ferrero, whom he beat in last year's final.	1
The US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday in the battle to create a trust fund to pay victims of asbestos exposure.	In a major battle for the trust fund and compensation of asbestos sufferers, the US Senate judiciary committee overcame a significant hurdle yesterday.	1
Nordstrom also is expanding its play area in the children's clothes area, adding salt-water fish tanks and activities.	Nordstrom is also expanding the children's clothing area, adding salt water fish tanks and activities.	1
Activists say they fear the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries.	Are the activists afraid that the gathering is an attempt by corporate farming to push bio-engineered crops on starving countries?	1
A former employee of a local power company pleaded guilty Wednesday to setting off a bomb that knocked out a power substation during the Winter Olympics last year.	Is a former employee of a local power company pleaded guilty Wednesday to setting off a bomb that knocked out a power substation during the Winter Olympics last year?	1
He said that it would be ''very difficult'' to establish a cause of death.	That the cause of death for a person is unclear, so he said that it would be ''very difficult'' to establish.	1
He said that it would be ''very difficult'' to establish a cause of death.	It will be ''very difficult'' to establish the cause of death.	1
He said the situation undermines efforts to win international co-operation in the war on terror.	The situation undermines efforts to win international co-operation in the war on terror.	1
Once identified, remains of terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan.	When body parts are recovered, the remains of the terrorists are immediately removed from the so-called memorial park, a temporary refrigerated storage facility on Manhattan.	1
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.	The list of 50 million phone numbers is due to take effect Oct. 1.	1
By comparison, the proportion of people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to one in 400.	What would happen if people with a BMI of 50 or above increased by a factor of five — from about 1 in 2,000 to 1 in 400.	1
"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Reed said in a letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members.	Reed's letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members said he would "clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration."	1
"We will clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration," Reed said in a letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members.	Reed said in a letter to the NYSE's 1,366 members that they would be "clearly modify some features of our plans as well as their administration"	1
Plants still must abide by state and federal air-pollution laws, so there will not be an increase in smog, the administration argues.	What if plants still have to comply with state and federal air-pollution laws, so there will not be an increase in smog, the administration claims.	1
The news will be announced Monday morning in Dallas at Tech Ed 2003 during a keynote by Paul Flessner, senior vice president of Microsoft's Server Platform Division.	What will be announced Monday morning at Tech Ed 2003 in Dallas during a keynote by Paul Flessner, senior vice president of Microsoft's Server Platform Division.	1
The Taiwan Stock Exchange will ask the Securities and Futures Commission (SFC) to suspend trading in Mosel shares.	Taiwan Stock Exchange (Taiwan Stock Exchange) will ask SFC to suspend trading in Mosel shares.	1
All three had criminal records for stealing cattle, the statement said.	All three had criminal records for stealing cattle.	1
Auditors acknowledged the auditors did not look at priests' personnel files.	Auditor General's office admitted that he or she did not look at priests' personnel files.	1
Auditors acknowledged the auditors did not look at priests' personnel files.	The auditors admit that they had no access to priests' files.	1
Auditors acknowledged the auditors did not look at priests' personnel files.	Auditor admit the auditors did not look at priests' personnel files.	1
Auditors acknowledged the auditors did not look at priests' personnel files.	I have learned auditors haven't looked at priests' personnel files.	1
Thyroid hormones are known to help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism - and cutting cholesterol - but come with the unwanted side effect of speeding up the heartbeat.	How can thyroid hormones help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism and cutting cholesterol - but they also come with the unwanted side effect of speeding up the heartbeat.	1
Thyroid hormones are known to help in weight loss by stimulating metabolism - and cutting cholesterol - but come with the unwanted side effect of speeding up the heartbeat.	Do thyroid hormones reduce weight by stimulating metabolism - and cutting cholesterol - but have the unwanted side effect of speeding up the heartbeat?	1
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.	Will the United States ever stop attacking enemy foes if their bases can be found easily?	1
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.	When US troops are on the ground to attack a foe, they will not stop, unless their locations can be found.	1
But U.S. troops will not shrink from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.	Why will U.S. troops not retreat from mounting raids and attacking their foes when their locations can be pinpointed.	1
Responding to speculation that she was ready to retire, Justice Sandra Day O'Connor indicated today that she would serve out the next term of the Supreme Court.	In response to speculation that Sandra Day O'Connor was retiring, she indicated today that she would serve out the next term of the Supreme Court.	1
Senator Hill appeared completely unaware of the issue, which has been of serious concern to US, Australian and British intelligence officers.	Is Senator Hill totally unaware of the issue, which has been of serious concern to US, Australian and British intelligence officers.	1
Doctors have speculated that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	Do doctors believe that the body's own estrogen protects against cell damage and improves blood flow.	1
Officials said one provision in the Senate-passed measure accounted for $40 billion over 10 years in the CBO calculation.	Specifically, the provision in the Senate-passed measure accounted for $40 billion over 10 years in the CBO calculation.	1
Indeed, prior defense filings said Moussaoui contended he was part of a post-Sept. 11 operation outside the United States.	According to defense filings, Moussaoui was part of an alleged post Sept. 11 operation outside of the United States. What were his claims?	1
I thought things went a bit overboard but I prefer to leave it on the field," Sarwan said.	"Some things went overboard and I like to take it on the field," Sarwan said.	1
The tone was set by President Hu, the 60-year-old who became the Communist Partys general secretary in November last year and then the countrys president in March this year.	What was the tone of President Hu, the 60-year-old who became the Communist Partys general secretary in November last year and then the countrys president in March this year.	1
The United States only agreed to let the agency back into Iraq after repeated warnings by IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei.	The United States only allowed the IAEA to return to Iraq after repeated warnings by IAEA chief Mohamed ElBaradei.	1
After that process is completed, it will take an additional six to eight months to refurbish the center, Day said.	It will take the center an additional six to eight months to renovate, Day said.	1
The Hartford shares rose $2.88, or 6.6 percent, to close Monday at $46.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.	What are Hartford shares? They rose $2.88, or 6.6 percent, to close Monday at $46.50 on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Smith said simply "Oh, my God," in the seconds afterward, according to Weinshall.	Then Smith said, "Oh, my God," a mere couple seconds later, according to Weinshall.	1
The acquisition is expected to close by the end of the month.	Is there a chance for acquisition to close by the end of this month?	1
An evaluation suggested there was no overall net clinical benefit in patients receiving the drug in the study, the companies said in a statement distributed by Business Wire.	The drug companies said in a statement distributed by Business Wire there was no overall net clinical benefit for patients receiving the drug in the study. The drug company said in a statement.	1
It also offers a built-in NAND flash boot loader so that high-density NAND flash memory can be used without having to install an additional support chip.	Is there a built-in NAND flash boot loader for high density NAND flash memory without having to install an additional support chip?	1
Meat giant Smithfield Foods Inc. has won a bidding war to buy a bankrupt Midwestern pork producer.	Smithfield Foods Inc. is buying a bankrupt Midwestern pork producer. The bidding war is over.	1
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.	Energie prices fell by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.	1
Authorities said the informant, an inmate named Richard Powell who is imprisoned for killing his landlady in 1982, led a team to the spot.	When the informant was arrested, they believe that Richard Powell, an inmate who is imprisoned for killing his Landlady in 1982, led a team to the scene.	1
More than 100 officers launched the raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine import and money laundering ring.	Mehr than 100 officers launched the raids in the final phase of a two-year operation investigating a cocaine import and money laundering ring.	1
She said she told O'Donnell, "Your mother died of breast cancer.	She said her mother died of breast cancer. She told O'Donnell the story of her mother.	1
October gasoline prices settled 1.47 cents lower at 78.70 cents a gallon.	On the other hand, October gasoline prices were 1.47 cents lower at 78.70 cents a gallon.	1
The group expects to roll out the first products by the second half of 2004.	We expect that first product will be developed in the second half of 2004.	1
It decided instead to issue them before the stock market opened Monday after the downgrade of its debt late Friday by Moody's, the credit rating agency.	It has decided to issue them before the stock market opened Monday after the downgrade of its debt late Friday by Moody's, the credit rating agency. The stock market has yet to open.	1
"We don't have new places to check," said Steve Anderson, a Waco public-information officer.	Steve Anderson, Waco public information officer, says we don't have new places to check.	1
"We don't have new places to check," said Steve Anderson, a Waco public-information officer.	There are not a lot of new places to check for in Waco, said Steve Anderson, a Waco public-information officer.	1
"We don't have new places to check," said Steve Anderson, a Waco public-information officer.	Steve Anderson, a Waco public information officer, emphasized that many places don't have locations to check.	1
Moose frequently criticizes reporters and news organizations in the book, especially those that reported on leaks from investigators.	In the book, Moose criticizes reporters and news organizations. He argues that some of the reporters had reported on leaks from investigators.	1
Altria shares fell 2.5 percent or $1.11 to $42.57 and were the Dow's biggest percentage loser.	As share price fell 2.5 percent to $42.57 on a day of high stock, Altria shares fell about $1.11 on the day. The share price was the biggest percentage loser.	1
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley, in his 30th year teaching, makes $65,000.	A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, m Kelley makes $65,000 in his 30th year teaching.	1
Called "Taxpayers Against the Recall," it was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station.	WASHINGTON (AP) - "Taxpayers Against The Recall" was to be launched Wednesday afternoon outside a Sacramento fire station.	1
Justice Anthony M. Kennedy dissented in an opinion joined by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.	Justice Anthony Kennedy opposes the decision by Chief Justice William H. Rehnquist and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas.	1
The findings were published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine.	What are the results of the study published in the July 1 issue of the Annals of Internal Medicine?	1
SCO net income of $4.5 million, or 33 cents per share, on revenue of $21.4 million, in 2003's second fiscal quarter, ended April 30.	SCO reported $4.5 million income in 2003's second fiscal quarter, ended April 30, or 33 cents per share, on revenue of $21.4 million.	1
No rabies vaccine is available for humans in Zimbabwe and if it was it would be too expensive for most bitten by infected dogs.	No Rabies vaccine in Zimbabwe and if it is it would be too expensive for most bitten by infected dogs.	1
"This legislation benefits the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen," Blagojevich told the crowd of political heavyweights at O'Hare.	What will this legislation benefit the entire state of Illinois, every town, every city, every citizen," Blagojevich told the crowd of political heavyweights at O'Hare.	1
It will be followed in November by a third movie, "The Matrix Revolutions."	Is there a third movie coming out in November, "The Matrix Revolutions"?	1
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.	If a school fails to meet state goals for three years in a row, must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.	1
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.	If a school fails to meet state goals for three years in a row, it must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.	1
Schools that fail to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.	If a school fails to meet state goals for three years in a row must offer tutoring in addition to transfers.	1
But butterflies exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated themselves towards the south-east.	I'm pretty sure the butterfly exposed to an earlier light cycle, from 1am to 1pm, orientated itself towards the south-east.	1
Analysts expected earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion, Thomson First Call says.	Thomson first call predicts earnings of 27 cents a share on revenue of $17.7 billion.	1
Hearing was partially restored by an electronic ear implant.	Can you get an electronic ear implant that temporarily restores hearing?	1
PLAYRIGHT George Axelrod, who anticipated the sexual revolution with The Seven Year Itch and Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?	Play Right George Axelrod, who anticipate the sexual revolution with The Seven Year Itch and Will Success Spoil Rock Hunter?	1
Putin hailed Saudi Arabia as ``one of the most important Muslim nations.	Vladimir Putin considers Saudi Arabia one of the most important Muslim countries in the world.	1
The Web site is registered to Parson under his home address, allowing investigators to trace him easily.	Is Web site registered to Parson under his home address, allowing investigators to trace him easily.	1
The Web site is registered to Parson under his home address, allowing investigators to trace him easily.	Is Web site registered to Parson's home address, allowing investigators to trace him easily	1
The Hubble Space Telescope's newest picture of Mars shows summer on the Red Planet just as it makes its closest pass by Earth in 60,000 years.	The Hubble Space Telescope's newest picture of Mars shows summer on the Red Planet just as it makes its closest pass by Earth in 60,000 years. 'Dec 21, 2005 / 05:47 AM INR /:11:43 AM INR /:12:25 AM INR	1
He is blocking them until the Air Force assigns four additional C-130 cargo planes to Gowen Field, an Idaho Air National Guard base in Boise.	If the Air Force assigns four additional C-130 cargo planes to Gowen Field, an Idaho Air National Guard base in Boise, he will not take them out of the air until the Air Force assigns them.	1
Stocks have rallied sharply for more than three months in anticipation of a rebound in the second half of the year.	Stocks have rallied in the past four months and now they are about to have another big rebound in the second half.	1
Druce will face murder charges, Conte said.	Will Druce face murder charges, Conte said.	1
"This deal makes good sense for both companies," said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.	The National Corporation said the deal was very favorable to both companies. "This is a very good deal," said Brian L. Halla, Chairman and CEO of National Corporation.	1
"This deal makes good sense for both companies," said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.	What makes this deal a good fit for the two companies, said Brian L. Halla, National's chairman, president and CEO.	1
The best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions ... and question his competence as a manager."	Is the best the investigators can do is nitpick about the process and substance of isolated business decisions... and question his competence as a manager"	1
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.	Cisco is reducing its spending to compensate for sluggish sales.	1
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.	Cisco has cut back on its spending in response to weak sales.	1
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.	Cisco cut funding, saying it would protect revenue from sluggish sales.	1
The study, published Monday in the journal Molecular Brain Research, is likely to also apply to humans, its authors said.	The new paper, published Monday in the journal Molecular Brain Research, is likely to also apply to humans, its authors said.	1
Three retailers Dillards Inc., Kohls Department Stores and Nordstrom Inc. got Fs.	Three retailers Dillards Inc., Kohls Department Stores and Nordstrom Inc. got Fs. n.d.	1
"Of course I want to win again but I think it's worse when you've never won, because you are so anxious to win."	I want to win again, but I think it's worse if you have never won, because you are so anxious to win. "Of course, I want to win, but I think it's worse if I don't win. Hopefully someday you'll do well or make it work out for something that hasn't happened yet.	1
"Of course I want to win again but I think it's worse when you've never won, because you are so anxious to win."	I want to win, but I think I think it's worse when you have never won, because you are so anxious to win. Is that?	1
My decision today is not based on any one event."	What decision was made today, and it was not based on any one event. "The decision is not based on any one event."	1
Although Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check-up, he was later released.	What happened to Mr Sorbello, after he was taken to hospital for a check-up, but later released?	1
Although Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check-up, he was later released.	Mr Sorbello was taken to hospital for a check up, he was later released.	1
Their ancestors are coming home at last -- the healing can finally begin,'' delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone after the ceremony.	If our ancestors are coming home at last -- the healing can finally begin,'' delegation leader Bob Weatherall told Reuters by telephone after the ceremony.	1
Grant also has been elected to Monsanto's board of directors, the company said in a statement.	Grant has been elected to the board of directors of Monsanto Inc. The company said in a statement that Grant has joined the board of directors.	1
By the time the two-term president left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the ships it has today.	When President Reagan left office in 1989, the Navy had nearly 600 ships - about twice the ships it has today.	1
"Ms. Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is, but because of what she did," Comey said.	[L]essa Stewart is being prosecuted not because of who she is, but because of what she did," Comey said.	1
Asked about other possible attacks, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that . . . they're going to be very global in nature.	If other attacks happen, Roberts said: "I don't think there's any question about it that they're going to be very global in nature."	1
No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals, and the New Jersey Nets don't want to try their luck at such a daunting task."	No team has overcome a 3-1 deficit in the NBA Finals, and the New Jersey Nets don't want to try their luck at such a daunting task. "I like I'm out of the door, is that a big deal?	1
"But the reality is that there needs to be a big structural change," she added, "and you can't do that without funding."	"What's needed is bigger structural change," she said, adding that "we can't do that without funding."	1
Handset market share for the second quarter, it said, is higher than the first quarter.	In the second quarter, the Handset market share is higher than the first quarter.	1
Handset market share for the second quarter, it said, is higher than the first quarter.	After the second quarter, the handset market share is higher than the first.	1
The series will be known as the NASCAR Nextel Cup.	The NASCAR Nextel Cup will be the name of the series.	1
Where long-lines used to catch 10 fish per 100 hooks in past decades, they are now lucky to catch one, the study found.	Where long-line fishermen had to catch 10 fish for 100 hooks in past decades, now they are lucky to catch one, the study found.	1
By contrast, the Senate-passed prescription drug plan requires seniors to pay 50 percent of drug costs, with a $275 deductible each year.	Or, the Senate-passed prescription drug plan requires seniors to pay 50 percent of drug costs, with a $275 deductible each year.	1
Data showed Italian business confidence slipped to its lowest level in 16 months in May, aiding rate cut expectations.	Business confidence in Italy sank to its lowest level in 16 months in May, aiding forecast of rate cut.	1
He said Qantas would also cut capital spending by retiring some aircraft and deferring delivery of some new planes.	It also suggested that Qantas reduce the investment in its aircraft by discontinuing certain models and by delaying the delivery of some new aircraft.	1
"The government elements who have been causing trouble are still in place.	Is there still a government element which causing problems are still in place?	1
That objection was cited by PeopleSoft's board in rejecting Oracle's offer.	When Oracle rejected PeopleSoft, the board cited the objection.	1
Dylan Baker and Lindsay Frost play her parents, Ed and Lois Smart.	Do Lindsay Frost and Dylan Baker play her parents, Ed and Lois Smart?	1
Palm expects to move Handspring's employees to Palm Solutions headquarters in Milpitas, Calif.	Handspring employees moving to Palm Solutions headquarters in Milpitas, Calif.	1
The giant rock was first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.	Was the giant rock first observed on August 24 by Lincoln Near-Earth Asteroid Research Program, based in Socorro, New Mexico.	1
He also said he advised his grown-up children not to run up credit card debts.	If he had to, he would also tell his children not to run up a credit card debt.	1
Some women are also concerned that so many women are turning to cosmetic surgery in a quest for bodily perfection.	Many women feel that it is too common for women to opt for cosmetic surgery for their beauty.	1
Normally, congressional districts are redrawn by state legislatures every 10 years to reflect population changes recorded in the U.S. census.	State Legislatures have 10 years to redraw congressional districts for state legislatures to reflect population changes recorded in the census.	1
Two area lawmakers said Democrats might entice some Republicans to support a tax hike.	Do two area lawmakers say Democrats might entice some Republicans to support a tax hike?	1
Two of Collins' top assistants will consult with state police during the investigation and determine if any federal laws were violated, he said Friday.	Is it true that two of Collins' top assistants will consult with state police during the investigation and determine if any federal laws were violated, he said Friday?	1
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius also has National Public Radio, but doesn't have shows like "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	1
Sirius carries National Public Radio, although it doesn't include popular shows such as "All Things Considered" and "Morning Edition."	Sirius has access to National Public Radio, although it doesn't offer any special programs like "Morning Edition" or "All Things Considered"	1
The unemployment rate rose a tenth of a percentage point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.	In April, the United States’ unemployment rate rose a quarter point to 6.1%, the highest level since July 1994.	1
She had been barred on the grounds that her headscarf would violate the state's neutrality in religion.	She had been barred because of the fact that her head scarf would violate the state's neutrality in religion.	1
She had been barred on the grounds that her headscarf would violate the state's neutrality in religion.	Had she been barred on the grounds that her headscarf would violate the state's neutrality in religion.	1
Without admitting or denying the S.E.C.'s allegations, Mr. Markovitz agreed to a permanent ban from associating with an investment adviser or mutual fund.	Without admitting the SEC's allegations, Mr. Markovitz agreed to a permanent ban from associating with an investment adviser or mutual fund.	1
Initial reports said the attackers fired from a mosque within in the city, 30 miles west of Baghdad.	Is it true that a group of gunmen fired from a mosque inside Baghdad, 30 miles west of Baghdad?	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC> rose 8.25 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,861.15.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC> rose 8.25 points, or 0.45 percent, to 1,861.15. The benchmark Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC> fell 0.09 percent, to 1,963.05.	1
Dan Powers, vice president of grid computing strategy at IBM Corp., says he's not worried about such off-the-shelf PC clusters threatening sales of traditional supercomputers.	Do so if Dan Powers, vice president of grid computing strategy at IBM Corp., says he's not worried about such off-the-shelf PC clusters threatening sales of traditional supercomputers?	1
Britain has said it will oppose articles calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy, to uphold the national right of veto.	Britain has said it will oppose articles calling for closer coordination of tax and economic policy, to uphold the national right of veto. In the present European Parliament, the Minister for foreign affairs and the European Parliament will continue to adopt the Commons on Brexit.	1
Next Monday at about 2 p.m. (CST), hospital officials in and near Chicago will notice a sudden increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms.	In the area of Chicago, hospitals will see an increase in people complaining of flu-like symptoms next Monday about 2 p.m. (CST).	1
The subjects were next given a squirt up the nose of a rhinovirus, the nasty little germ that causes colds.	All subjects were given a nose spray from a rhinovirus, the nasty little virus that causes colds.	1
The subjects were next given a squirt up the nose of a rhinovirus, the nasty little germ that causes colds.	When they first appeared, they were given a squirt up the nose of a rhinovirus. This is a nasty little germ that causes colds.	1
Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal-Mart, Kohl's, family Dollar, Big Lots... all reported earnings in May that fell below expectations.	1
Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal-Mart, Kohl's, Family Dollar stores, Big Lots among other retailers posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	1
Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Kohl's Corp., Family Dollar Stores Inc. and Big Lots Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	Wal-Mart, Kohl's, Big Lots, Family Dollar and Walmart Inc. were among the merchants posting May sales that fell below Wall Street's modest expectations.	1
It will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT)  Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.	What will be the first handset to ship with the Smartphone 2003 version of Microsoft's (Nasdaq: MSFT) Windows Mobile software, the mobile operator said.	1
The patch also fixes a vulnerability that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	In addition to fixing a security issue that causes IE to not provide an appropriate block on a file download dialog box, the patch also fixes a vulnerability.	1
Peterson, a former fertilizer salesman, is charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and the baby boy she was carrying.	As a former fertilizer salesman, Peterson is accused of killing his 27-year-old wife and the baby boy she was carrying.	1
Dealers said the single currency's downward momentum may pick up speed should it break below $1.15.	The single currency has a downward momentum but it is expected to break below $1.15. Dealers are predicting that the downward momentum will pick up speed with it.	1
The House would limit the increases to troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan, not to those supporting the nation's war efforts from bases outside the combat zone.	If the House approved the measure, it would limit the increases to troops serving in Iraq and Afghanistan, not to those supporting the nation's war efforts from bases outside the combat zone.	1
He attends football training for three hours a day to accelerate the healing process, and has lost 17 kilograms since October.	Is it true he attends football training for three hours a day to accelerate the healing process, and has lost 17 kilograms since October?	1
SPOT products run a Microsoft operating system and the company's DirectBand radio technology developed with SCA Data Systems.	SPOT runs on Microsoft's operating system and directBand Radio technology developed with SCA Data Systems.	1
On Monday, a suicide bomber blew himself up near the United Nations compound here, killing a security guard as well as himself.	What a suicide bomber did on monday in front of a United Nations building, killing a security guard as well as himself?	1
The company claims it's the largest single Apple VAR Xserve sale to date.	It's the largest single VAR Xserve sale to date, claims Apple.	1
Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.	t's second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology. Barbini's comments came Tuesday, the second day of the Ministerial Conference and Expo on Agricultural Science and Technology.	1
"We're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good," said Dr. David Fleming of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	If we can deliver the vaccine to people in time to do good, we're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time," said Dr. David Fleming of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention.	1
"Only 1pc of those taking the drug worldwide have contracted ILD as a result," she said.	Only 1pc of people taking the drug worldwide have contracted ILD as a result of her said.	1
Dallas Coach Don Nelson declared Nowitzki's status as doubtful.	Dallas - Don Nelson declared Nouri Nowitzki's status as doubtful.	1
Atlanta's Hartsfield International Airport will test a nationwide security system that will collect fingerprints and take photographs of millions of foreign visitors each year.	At the Hartsfield International Airport, Georgia, the airport plans to test a national security system that will collect fingerprints and take photographs of millions of foreign visitors each year.	1
These plans would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses, neither of which is currently available under the government-run program.	How would these plans offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses, neither of which is currently available under the government-run program.	1
These plans would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses, neither of which is currently available under the government-run program.	If a government funded health insurance plan is offered without a coverage-based policy, they'd provide no coverage with no health-care coverage, and would provide protection against catastrophic medical expenses, both of which are currently not available under the government-run program.	1
These plans would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses, neither of which is currently available under the government-run program.	Would these plans offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses, neither of which is currently available under the government-run program.	1
These plans would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses, neither of which is currently available under the government-run program.	How would these plans provide preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses, neither of which is currently available under the government-run program.	1
These plans would offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health-care expenses, neither of which is currently available under the government-run program.	Would these plans offer preventive health coverage as well as protection against catastrophic health care expenses, neither of which is currently available under the government-run program.	1
They were among about 40 people attending the traditional Jewish ceremony colored by some non-traditional touches.	Some 40 people attended the traditional Jewish ceremony colored with some non-traditional touches.	1
Notes: Cabrera, at 20 years, 63 days, is the second-youngest player to debut with the Marlins.	Will Cabrera, at 20 years, 63 days, be the second youngest player to debut for the Marlins.	1
The number of injured dropped to 2.92 million in 2002 from 3.03 million a year earlier.	The number of injured fell to 2.92 million in 2002 from 3.03 million in 2001.	1
No dates have been set for the criminal or civil cases, but Shanley has pleaded not guilty.	No date has been set for the civil case but Shanley has pleaded not guilty to the charges.	1
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.	Who is going to succeed Steve O'Neill in Hyundai?	1
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.	Who will be the next Mike O'Neill at Hyundai?	1
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.	Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai?	1
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.	Who will succeed Mr O'Neill at Hyundai?	1
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.	Who's going to replace OHNE at Hyundai?	1
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.	Who's going to succeed O'Neill at Hyundai?	1
Who will succeed Mr. O'Neill at Hyundai is not clear.	Who can succeed O'Neill at Hyundai?	1
McNair was stopped after a police officer saw his vehicle weaving on a downtown street before pulling into a convenience store, the arrest report said.	When a police officer saw a vehicle weaving on a downtown street before pulling into a convenience store, McNair was arrested, the report said.	1
U.S. District Judge Denny Chin said Fox's claim was "wholly without merit, both factually and legally."	"Fox's claim is complete and without merit, both factually and legally," said U.S. District Judge Denny Chin.	1
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	What were the injured taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	1
The chipset will operate in the 2.4-GHz band, and features radio signal interference prevention and low power consumption.	This chipset will be able to deal with radio noise in the 2.4GHz band while preserving high power.	1
It has been named Colymbosathon ecplecticos, which means "astounding swimmer with a large penis".	Colymbosathon ecplecticos, which means "astounding swimmer with a large penis".	1
It has been named Colymbosathon ecplecticos, which means "astounding swimmer with a large penis".	What is the meaning of Colymbosathon ecplecticos, which means astounding swimmer with a large penis.	1
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.	Oracle shares were also up 12 cents at $13.60.	1
The company must either pay NTP the $53.7-million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal, Mr. Wallace said.	If NTP has not been paid yet, the company must pay the $53.7-million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal, Mr. Wallace said.	1
The company must either pay NTP the $53.7-million or post a bond with the court pending the appeal, Mr. Wallace said.	If the company is to pay NTP $53.7 million, or post a bond with the court pending the appeal, Mr. Wallace said.	1
Taiwan had been relatively free of the viral infection until a fiasco at a Taipei hospital in late April caused the number of infections to skyrocket.	How was Taiwan free of viral infection until a fiasco at a Taipei hospital in late April caused the number of infections to skyrocket.	1
Without the fleet, NASA has relied on the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory.	NASA has relied on the Russian Space Agency to rotate the crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting lab without the Russian crew entrancing them to the Earth.	1
Without the fleet, NASA has relied on the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory.	NASA has relied on the Russian space program to rotate the crew for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory without the crew being mobilized.	1
Another piece would be sent to the lab in Virginia for additional testing, Conte said.	What would be sent to a lab in Virginia for additional testing, Conte said.	1
Some Boston managers are concerned that banning smoking will create safety hazards as groups of smokers huddle outside bars and nightclubs.	If Boston was to abolish smoking it would create unsafe huddles of smokers outside the bars and nightclubs. So it is at this point in time that Boston managers are concerned about this.	1
Doctors say one or both boys may die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.	Do doctors say one or both of the boys can die, and that some brain damage is possible if they survive.	1
The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index stood at 53.7 in September.	IAS / ISM: Manufacturing Index stood at 53.7 in September.	1
The Institute for Supply Management said its manufacturing index stood at 53.7 in September.	It is estimated that the manufacturing index of the Institute for Supply Management stands at 53.7 in September.	1
The agency could not say when the tape was made, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14.	The voice says the voice is on June 14, and the agency could not say when the tape was made, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14.	1
The agency could not say when the tape was made, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14.	When was the tape, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14. The agency could not say when the tape was made, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14.	1
The agency could not say when the tape was made, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14.	Could the agency not say when the tape was made, though the voice says he is speaking on June 14.	1
Gore said while the Patriot Act made some needed changes, it has "turned out to be, on balance, a terrible mistake."	Gore said the Patriot Act is a bad decision, but it has made some important changes.	1
An 18-month run for it in Toronto was originally planned as part of a North American tour.	Initial plans were for an 18-month run for it in Toronto to take part in a North American tour.	1
Gainers included Dow components AT&T, which rose $1.25 to $21.75, and General Motors, which rose 57 cents to $37.70.	When you bought Dow components AT&T, it rose $1.25 to $21.75, General Motors rose 57 cents to $37.70. Gainers included Dow components AT&T and General Motors.	1
They calculate that one-third of those taking the drug would gain an average of 11 years of life, free of cardiovascular disease.	If one third of people took the drug, they would gain an average of 11 years of life, free of cardiovascular disease.	1
They calculate that one-third of those taking the drug would gain an average of 11 years of life, free of cardiovascular disease.	One third of those taking the drug would gain an average of 11 years of life, free of cardiovascular disease.	1
They calculate that one-third of those taking the drug would gain an average of 11 years of life, free of cardiovascular disease.	One-third of people taking a drug would gain an average of 11 years of life, free of cardiovascular disease.	1
The problem likely will mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet starts flying again.	When the Shuttle fleet will fly again, the problem is likely to mean corrective changes before the shuttle fleet can begin.	1
And Forrester forecasts that on-demand movie distribution will generate $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	On Demand Movie Distribution: Forrester predicts that $1.4bn by 2005, while revenue from DVDs and tapes will decline by eight per cent.	1
The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.	KOREN-KENYA: The Ministry of Defence is facing a 20m compensation claim from hundreds of Kenyan women who claim they were raped by British soldiers.	1
Music mogul Simon Cowell's latest project, a reality TV dating show called Cupid, airs in the US on Wednesday.	Simon Cowell's new show, a reality dating show called Cupid, is airing in the US on Wednesday.	1
The defeat of the ninth seed Daniela Hantuchova on Wednesday was the only thing to disrupt an otherwise orderly second round in Serena Williams's half of the women's draw.	Is it true that the loss of Ninth seed Daniela Hantuchova on Wednesday was the only thing to disrupt an otherwise orderly second round in Serena Williams's half of the women's draw?	1
The euro was at 1.5281 versus the Swiss franc EURCHF= , up 0.2 percent on the session, after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292 earlier in the session.	At 1.5281, the euro was compared to the Swiss franc EURCHF=, up 0.2 percent in the session, after hitting its highest since mid-2001 around 1.5292.	1
Nearly 2,000 pages of transcripts were ordered to be made public after a legal action by the New York Times.	From a legal perspective, the New York Times has ordered nearly 2,000 pages of transcripts to be published.	1
"We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of ... Sept. 11th."	We acted because we saw the existing evidence in a new light, through the prism of 9/11th.	1
On the cell's surface, the foreign components are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	If the foreign components on the surface are recognised by other cells that then realise it is infected and kill it.	1
Garner said the group would probably be expanded to include, for example, a Christian and perhaps another Sunni leader.	Garner said a Sunni group could be expanded to include another Christian group and a Sunni leader.	1
Garner said the group would probably be expanded to include, for example, a Christian and perhaps another Sunni leader.	Garner said if there was a Christian leader or Sunni leader, the group would probably be expanded to include, for example, a Christian leader or a Sunni leader.	1
Blair's Foreign Secretary Jack Straw was to take his place on Monday to give a statement to parliament on the European Union.	Jack Straw was not present to PM Blair's Foreign Secretary until Monday to give an address to Parliament on the European Union.	1
What's next: If finally passed by the House, the measure moves to the Senate.	What are the next moves of the bill before it gets passed in the House and is ultimately considered by the Senate?	1
What's next: If finally passed by the House, the measure moves to the Senate.	What will happen if the measure passed by the House, then moved to the Senate?	1
What's next: If finally passed by the House, the measure moves to the Senate.	If the measure is passed by the House, then the Senate will vote on it. What will happen?	1
What's next: If finally passed by the House, the measure moves to the Senate.	If the House passed it, the law moves to the Senate.	1
What's next: If finally passed by the House, the measure moves to the Senate.	If the measure is passed by the House, it goes to the Senate.	1
Five pools contained no traces of disinfectant at all.	Five pools were completely clean. No traces of disinfectant were present.	1
Five pools contained no traces of disinfectant at all.	No traces of disinfectant at all in five pools.	1
Five pools contained no traces of disinfectant at all.	Five pools had no disinfectant in them.	1
Mr Goh on his part, described the visit as especially important - given the SARS situation.	The SARS crisis is very serious and Mr Goh explains the importance of the visit.	1
It is publishing the studies in the July issue of its Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology.	In July issue of Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology. It is publishing the studies.	1
It is publishing the studies in the July issue of its Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology.	The studies were published in the July issue of the Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology.	1
It is publishing the studies in the July issue of its Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology.	. The study is published in the July issue of its Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology.	1
The two powerful men also disagree about ethanol (sacred in Iowa) and authorizing oil and gas drilling in Alaska's wildlife refuge.	Both powerful men disagree about the introduction of ethanol (assacred in Iowa) and authorizing oil and gas drilling in Alaska's wildlife refuge.	1
"There were more people surrounding the clubhouse than the Unabomber's house up in the hills," Baker said.	The clubhouse has more people than The Unabomber's house up in the hills, said Baker. "There were more people around the clubhouse than the Unabomber's house up in the hills."	1
"There were more people surrounding the clubhouse than the Unabomber's house up in the hills," Baker said.	It was more people than unabombers up in the hills where the clubhouse was located, said Baker.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX advanced 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX upgraded 2 points, or 0.24 percent, to 977.	1
Blair took over the Labour Party when his predecessor John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994.	When Blair took over Labour, he took over from John Smith. John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994.	1
"The actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability."	As we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability our actions reflect our strong forward momentum as we intensify our business focus and work to achieve profitability".	1
Think Dynamics, which is based in Toronto, will become part of IBM's Software Group.	IBM has acquired Think Dynamics, which is based in Toronto. Think Dynamics is part of IBM's software group.	1
State Sen. Vi Simpson, former state and national Democratic chairman Joe Andrew are seeking the Democratic nomination.	Are State Sen. Vi Simpson, former state and national Democratic chairman Joe Andrew standing for the Democratic nomination?	1
It recommended that consideration be given to making the job of CIA director a career post instead of a political appointment.	Could considering making the job of CIA Director a career post instead of political appointment.	1
Officials are also meeting with the International Organization for Epizootics (OIE), which establishes animal-health standards for the world.	What are the officials meeting with the International Organization for Epizootics (OIE), which establishes animal-health standards for the world.	1
Mr Li, deputy chairman of Cheung Kong Holdings, is the son of Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing.	The son of billionaire hong kong Li Ka-shing is vice chairman of Cheung Kong Holdings.	1
Mr Li, deputy chairman of Cheung Kong Holdings, is the son of Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing.	Vice chairman of Cheung Kong Holdings, is the son of Hong Kong billionaire Li Ka-shing.	1
GE stock closed Friday at $30.65 a share, down about 42 cents, on the New York Stock Exchange.	GE closed at $30.65 a share on the New York Stock Exchange on Friday. The share was down about 42 cents.	1
Pope John Paul has health problems but is still at the helm of the Roman Catholic Church, the pope's top aide has told Reuters.	John Paul's health is not good, but he is still the Papacy, the Papacy says. The pope has an aide telling Reuters.	1
Fletcher will not do that, said his campaign manager, Daniel Groves.	John Fletcher won't do it, says Daniel Groves, his campaign manager.	1
Fletcher will not do that, said his campaign manager, Daniel Groves.	Fletcher will not, said his campaign manager, Daniel Groves.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC gave up 3.88 points, or 0.24 percent, to 1,644.76.	The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC gave up 3.88 points, or 0.24 percent, to 1,644.76. The Nasdaq Composite Index is.IXIC, not its own index.	1
Pharmacy Guild president Richard Heslop said many pharmacy customers were also returning recalled products.	How many pharmacy customers are also returning recalled items, says Richard Heslop, the president of the Pharmacy Guild.	1
Kempenaers said some species are still faithful, notably swans and sea birds such as the albatross, which mate for life and are never unfaithful to their partners.	Kempenaers said some species are still faithful, notably swans and sea birds, such as the albatross, which mate for life and are always faithful to their partners.	1
US troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings.	Is it true that US troops encountered fire from rocket-propelled grenades, mortars, and small arms coming from bunkers and buildings?	1
HCA Inc. , the largest U.S. hospital chain, dropped $2.21, or 5.8 percent, to $36.14.	HCA Inc., the largest U.S. hospital chain, dropped $2.21, or 5.8 percent, to $36.14. Total sales: 712,800 retail sales: 171,280 taxable sales: 37,681 taxable sales: 13 0% taxable sales: 14,742 taxable sales: 22,672 taxable sales: 13% taxable sales: 34.8 percent taxable sales: 1,347 taxable sales: 9,368 taxable sales: $21,482 taxable sales: $2	1
They said they were not advocating the changes yet, but believed they are worth considering — especially as NATO expands to 26 members.	As of now, they haven't stated whether they believe NATO could be expanded to 26 countries. They say they are not advocating the changes yet, but believe they are worth considering.	1
They were identified as Abdul Azi Haji Thiming and Muhammad Jalaludin Mading of Thailand, and Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt.	Between Abdul Azi and Muhammad Jolalaudin Mading of Thailand, Esam Mohammed Khidr Ali of Egypt.	1
Elsewhere, European stocks were barely changed but within a few points of year highs.	Where can we see European stocks barely changed but within a few points of year highs?	1
The only other JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al Faruq, now held at a secret location by the United States.	Just like Omar al-Faruq the only JI member that revealed similar information is now held at a secret location by the United States.	1
The only other JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al Faruq, now held at a secret location by the United States.	Who is the only JI member to reveal similar information is Omar al-Faruq, now held at a secret location by the United States?	1
His lack of co-operation was allowing other Jemaah Islamiah fugitives to remain at large, Mr Dila told the court.	With his lack of co-operation, Mr Dila has allowed other Jemaah Islamiah fugitives to remain at large, he told the court.	1
"Prime Minister Abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples," Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said after Tuesday's meeting.	"Premie Minister Abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples," Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said after Tuesday's meeting.	1
Random testing of security procedures should also take place.	Should random testing of security procedures be carried out?	1
"He really left us with a smile on his face and no last words," daughter Linda Hope said.	I really thought that he left us with a smile on his face and no last words." Daughter Linda Hope said.	1
The Midwestern research center will focus on the development of diagnostic, therapeutic and vaccine products for anthrax, botulism, tularemia, hemorrhagic fever viruses and plague.	In addition to anthrax, botulism, tularemia, hemorrhagic fever and plague, the Midwestern Research Center will focus on the development of diagnostic, therapeutic and vaccine products.	1
In the United States, heart attacks kill about 460,000 year, in Canada about 80,000.	In the United States, a heart attack kills about 460,000, in Canada about 80,000.	1
As frequently happens to a company making a major acquisition, PeopleSoft's shares dropped during yesterday's trading, decreasing $1.42 to close at $14.97.	PeopleSoft shares dropped during yesterday's trading, decreasing $1.42 to close at $14.97. As usually happens to a company making a major acquisition, peopleSoft's shares fell during yesterday's trading.	1
Ninety-five percent of international cargo to the United States is carried by ship.	95% of the international cargo for and cargo to the United States is carried by ship.	1
P&G officials later concluded that the better approach was to split up the contracts to avoid reliance on just one contractor.	P&G has decided to split up its contract with several contractors. They think that the better approach would be to divide up the contracts and not just to single contractor.	1
Under the NBC proposal, Vivendi would merge its U.S. film and TV business with NBC's broadcast network, Spanish-language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo.	Vivendi will merge its U.S. film and TV business with NBC's broadcast network, Spanish-language network and cable channels including CNBC and Bravo. Under the NBC proposal, Vivendi will merge its U.S. film and TV business.	1
"It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.	What a win for Maine, and a win for the rest of the states."	1
"It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.	Is that a major victory for Maine and for other states?	1
"It's a major victory for Maine, and it's a major victory for other states.	What a victory for Maine. It's a major victory for others states."	1
Already, the impact of Chinas moves is sending ripples through the region.	As China moves into the region, ripples are already being felt in the region.	1
Already, the impact of Chinas moves is sending ripples through the region.	What are the ripple effects of the move by China across the region?	1
Already, the impact of Chinas moves is sending ripples through the region.	What are the ripples sent through the region by the impact of China's decisions.	1
He also had management jobs at three space centers before being named director of Stennis.	Before being appointed as director of Stennis, he had managed at three space centers.	1
News that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.	When oil producers announced that they would be lowering their output starting in November, it escalated into a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.	1
News that oil producers were lowering their output starting in November exacerbated a sell-off that was already under way on Wall Street.	What led to the downturn in oil production in November was a huge sell-off on Wall Street.	1
Chi-Chi's has agreed to keep the restaurant closed until Jan. 2 - two months after it voluntarily closed following initial reports of the disease.	Chi Chi's will close its doors on Jan. 2, two months after it voluntarily closed after it was notified of a report of the disease.	1
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has been gathering information on suspect cases.	The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) has been collecting information on suspect cases.	1
Shares of Mattel were down 13 cents to $19.72 on the New York Stock Exchange.	What is the situation for Mattel? Shares were down 13 cents to $19.72 on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
They cover more than 300,000 UAW workers and 500,000 retirees and spouses.	What does the UAW cover over 350,000 people and 500,000 retirements and spouses.	1
The hospital where she is staying is being guarded by about a dozen undercover police and military intelligence officers.	And in her hospital, she is being monitored by about a dozen undercover police and military intelligence officers. I want to break her heart, but don't, she will not be able to get into my arms for another night.	1
Today, the Columbia Accident Investigation Board will issue its findings on what caused the accident.	In Columbia, the Columbia Accident Investigation Board will announce its findings. It will now publish its report on what caused the accident.	1
Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $120,000.	If a telemarketer calls a given number, they face a $120,000 fine. FCC fines of up to $120,000.	1
Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $120,000.	If a number is being called by a telemarketer, they face an FCC fine of up to $120,000.	1
The compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.	In the first place, the compensation committee will prohibit securities industry directors from sitting on it.	1
"This is, I think, a very seminal moment in our agency's history," Mr O'Keefe said.	"The most important moment in the development of our agency's history," Mr O'Keefe said.	1
A group of investors wants to start a TV network aimed at the estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States.	If there's an 8 million Muslim population in the US, a group of investors is aiming to create a television network for the masses.	1
He said that in early December, immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government's computerized "watch lists."	In the first half of December, immigration inspectors at Hartsfield will be able to match the fingerprints to the federal government's computerized "watch lists".	1
Derrick Todd Lee is helped from a plane in Baton Rouge, Wednesday.	How is Derrick Todd Lee lifted from a plane in Baton Rouge, Wednesday.	1
They also said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive power blackout.	Will the new rule make the nation's electrical system more reliable, they said. This is a high-profile issue after last week's massive power blackout.	1
They also said the rule will make the nation's electrical system more reliable -- a high-profile issue after last week's massive power blackout.	This move is expected to make the country's electrical system more reliable, a high-profile issue after last week's massive blackout.	1
Sanchez de Lozada promised a referendum on a controversial gas project, a reform of a free market energy law and constitutional reforms.	Sanchez de Lozada promised to push for a referendum on the controversial Gas project and he promised a reform of a free market energy law as well as a constitutional amendment.	1
In the settlement, Tyrer agreed to pay $US1.06 million in allegedly ill-gotten trading profits and $US342,195 in interest, the SEC said.	According to the SEC, Tyrer agrees to pay $US1.06 million in ill-gotten trading profits and $US342,195 in interest.	1
The agency said it would not release the name of the 17-year-old involved because he is a minor.	The name of the 17-year-old arrested is unknown but the agency will not disclose it because he is a minor.	1
He was also expected to visit Yemen and Bahrain during his tour of the region.	His visit would also include a visit to Yemen and Bahrain.	1
He gave a surprisingly impassioned speech to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.	What a tremendously meaningful speech he gave to the United Steelworkers of America, who announced their endorsement yesterday.	1
Merrill neither admitted to nor denied wrongdoing in the accord.	Merrill admitted neither admit to nor deny wrongdoing in the Act.	1
Mr. Marshall demonstrated a preference for results over rhetoric in preparing the Civil Rights Act.	For the Civil Rights Act, Mr. Marshall demonstrated a preference for results over rhetoric.	1
The lawmakers were departing Wednesday and expected to arrive in Pyongyang on Friday.	They are expected to arrive in Pyongyang on Friday. The lawmakers were departing Wednesday.	1
Democrats currently hold a 17-15 advantage in the state's congressional delegation.	Democratic representatives are currently 17-15 in the state's congressional delegation.	1
He said that most of the 250 persons living near the disaster site were asleep when the cloudburst took place late on Thursday evening.	Whereas most of the 250 people living near the disaster site were asleep when the cloudburst took place late on Thursday evening, he said.	1
The awards are being announced today by the Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation.	What are the awards to be announced by the Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation today?	1
According to the survey, last years identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses.	In 2017, according to the survey, identity theft losses to businesses and financial institutions totaled nearly $48 billion and consumer victims reported $5 billion in out-of-pocket expenses.	1
Peterson, 27, was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in the days before Christmas.	When Peterson, 27, disappeared days before Christmas, she was eight months pregnant.	1
At present, the FCC will not request personal identifying information prior to allowing access to the wireless network.	When wireless network access is possible, the FCC will not require any personal identifying information.	1
Kerr, who won three championships with the Chicago Bulls in the 90's and one with the Spurs in 1999, finished with 12 points, 3 assists and 2 rebounds.	For Kerr, who won three championships with the Chicago Bulls in the 90's and one with the Spurs in 1999, finished with 12 points, 3 assists and 2 rebounds.	1
Kerr, who won three championships with the Chicago Bulls in the 90's and one with the Spurs in 1999, finished with 12 points, 3 assists and 2 rebounds.	In his second season with the Spurs in 1999, Kerr had 12 points, 3 assists and 2 rebounds. Kerr also won three championships with the Bulls in the 1990's and one with the Bulls in the 1990's.	1
Kerr, who won three championships with the Chicago Bulls in the 90's and one with the Spurs in 1999, finished with 12 points, 3 assists and 2 rebounds.	He finished with 12 points, 3 assists and 2 rebounds in his career. Kerr was a part of the Chicago Bulls. He won three championships in the 90's and one with the Spurs in 1999.	1
"If the other rating agencies also downgrade us..	If the other ratings agencies downgrade us,, or downgrade us.. The ratings agencies,..	1
"If the other rating agencies also downgrade us..	Is it possible for other rating agencies to downgrade us?	1
He caused a stir by misnaming the mayor of Miami, Manny Diaz.	Manny Diaz is the mayor of Miami, Florida. He caused a stir by misnaming him.	1
Lloyds TSB confirmed on Tuesday it was "considering its options" over the sale of its National Bank of New Zealand subsidiary.	Lloyds TSB confirmed in a statement on Tuesday that it is still reviewing the sale of its National Bank of New Zealand subsidiary.	1
Most economists had expected a more dire report, with many anticipating the fifth month of job losses in six months.	Is the job report more grim than most economists had expected, with many anticipating the fifth month of job losses in six months?	1
Most economists had expected a more dire report, with many anticipating the fifth month of job losses in six months.	What economists were expecting to see in the next six months a more dire report, with many anticipating the fifth month of job losses in six months.	1
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.	Since the survey began in August 1997, the readings in August and July are the best to date.	1
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.	What is the best reading for August and July since the survey began in August 1997?	1
The reading for both August and July is the best seen since the survey began in August 1997.	Both August and July is the best since the survey began in August 1997.	1
Instead, bond bulls focus on the fact the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press.	What do bond bulls believe is that the Fed has done nothing to dispel market expectations of an easing, either in speeches or through the press?	1
He also drove in a run on a groundout against Franklin in the fifth.	Also drive in a run on a groundout against Franklin in the fifth.	1
Allied forces have overthrown the government, moved into Saddam Hussein's palaces and started to patrol the streets of the capital.	The Allied forces have overthrown Saddam Hussein and are occupying the capital. The Allied forces have moved into Saddam Hussein's palaces and are patrolling the streets.	1
They went into the operations of their own free will," their father Dadollah Bijani said.	So they went into their own doings in their own control,'' their father, Dadollah Bijani.	1
"Imagine that in someone's fucking brain," Klebold said.	What if someone's brain is fucking, says Klebold?	1
"Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish," he said.	At present about 60 per cent of all national advertisers don't advertise in Spanish" he said.	1
"Approximately 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not yet advertise in Spanish," he said.	In addition, as of today, 60 per cent of all national advertisers do not advertise in Spanish", he said.	1
Previously he had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on television.	He had seen the grinning mechanic from east Java only on TV.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC edged up 2.84 points, or 0.18 percent, at 1,593.59.	Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC edged up 2.84 points, or 0.18 percent, at 1,593.59. The Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC is a technical index.	1
"The question that has to be penetrated is, how did 38 visits over 2 years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation?"	How did 38 visits over 2 years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation?	1
"The question that has to be penetrated is, how did 38 visits over 2 years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation?"	What is the question in answer "How did 38 visits over 2 years not rescue these children from starvation and slow torture?	1
"The question that has to be penetrated is, how did 38 visits over 2 years not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation?"	What if 38 visits over 2 years did not rescue these children from slow torture and starvation?	1
Cindy Cohn, legal director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, said that portion of the DMCA gives too much leeway to copyright holders.	As for the DMCA, Cindy Cohn, legal director for the Electronic Frontier Foundation, says it gives too much leeway to copyright holders.	1
The S3C2440 CPU supports major operating systems including Microsoft Windows CE/Pocket PC, Palm OS, Symbian, and Linux.	Availability: In stock Availability: In stock Availability: From 1-4 April, pricing may vary from $110 to $249. Pricing: S3C2440 Processor supports major operating systems including Microsoft Windows CE/Pocket PC, Palm OS, Symbian, Linux.	1
The transaction will expand the revenue from Callebaut's consumer products business to 45 percent of total sales from 23 percent.	How does the transaction increase the revenue from Callebaut's consumer product business to 45 percent of total sales from 23 percent of total revenue.	1
Meanwhile, law enforcement officials in Palm Beach County, Fla., where Limbaugh owns a $24 million mansion, said his drug use is under investigation.	Whereas Limbaugh owned a $24 million mansion in Palm Beach County, Fla., law enforcement officials said his drug use is under investigation.	1
Meanwhile, law enforcement officials in Palm Beach County, Fla., where Limbaugh owns a $24 million mansion, said his drug use is under investigation.	According to law enforcement officials in Palm Beach County, Fla., where Michael Limbaugh is the owner of a $24 million mansion, his drug use is under investigation.	1
The three chains have replaced most of the 70,000 striking workers with temporary employees to keep their stores open.	When the three chains went into strike, they replaced most of the 70,000 workers with temporary employees to keep their stores open.	1
Government workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower frantically dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled staircases and hallways, officials said.	Gouvernement workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower frantically dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled staircases and hallways, officials said.	1
Because of the distance between the two chambers, the eventual conference between House and Senate tax writers promises to be intense and possibly rocky.	Why is the Senate and House tax writers more divided and the conference will be more difficult, considering the long distance between them.	1
Their groundbreaking contributions commercialize technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development."	They have a unique idea that commercializes technologies, creates jobs, improves productivity and stimulates the nation's growth and development.	1
Their groundbreaking contributions commercialize technologies, create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development."	They pioneered technological innovation to create jobs, improve productivity and stimulate the nation's growth and development."	1
Oak Brook, IL-based McDonalds is expected to launch several hundred restaurants by year's end.	McDonalds in Oak Brook, Illinois is slated to open a few hundred restaurants by the end of 2013.	1
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.	Software license revenue fell 21 percent to $107.6 million, a measure financial analysts watch closely.	1
But software license revenues, a measure financial analysts watch closely, decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million.	As for software license revenues, financial analysts watch closely. The number of software license revenues decreased 21 percent to $107.6 million. The software license revenue increase has not been reported since September, but that number is rising.	1
The dividend, the company's second this calendar year, is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 17.	This is the company's second this calendar year. The dividend is payable Nov. 7 to shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 17. the company's first dividend is payable Nov. 8 for shareholders of record at the close of business Oct. 8.	1
Mr. Hampton had been living at a residence for AIDS patients in Beth Israel Hospital.	He lived in Beth Israel. Mr. Hampton had been living at a residence for AIDS patients.	1
Already suffering with the nation's worst credit rating, the state is operating for the first time completely on borrowed money.	As the state has the worst credit rating in the world, it is operating for the first time completely on borrowed money.	1
Already suffering with the nation's worst credit rating, the state is operating for the first time completely on borrowed money.	Having the nation's worst credit rating, the state is operating for the first time completely on borrowed money.	1
A grassy field and asphalt island, topped with an ATM, sit where Orville Wright once developed a split airplane wing, tinkered with cars and even built toys.	Is a grassy field and asphalt island, topped with an ATM, sit where Orville Wright once developed a split airplane wing, tinkered with cars and even built toys?	1
Shares of GE were slipping 17 cents, or 0.6%, to $28.02 in Instinet premarket trading.	Is it true that Shares of GE were dropping 17 cents, or 0.6%, to $28.02 in Instinet premarket trading?	1
King, brand-name writer, master of the horror story and e-book pioneer, is receiving this year's medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters.	Founder of the Master of the Horror and E-book, Jack King, is receiving this year's medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters.	1
The presiding bishop of the Episcopal Church, Frank T. Griswold III, declined, through a spokesman, to comment on the development Saturday.	Frank T. Griswold III, presiding bishop of the Episcopal Church, declined comment, through a spokesman, on the development Saturday.	1
Memories also live on of the bloody debacle in Somalia 10 years ago -- the last major US military involvement in Africa.	What is memory of the horror in Somalia 10 years ago -- the last US military intervention in Africa.	1
He faces up to 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine if convicted.	If convicted, it is possible to serve a sentence of 10 years in prison and a $250,000 fine.	1
"It's a huge black eye," said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.	I think I have a massive black eye," said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896.	1
The industry is working with the FDA "to get firm answers and not just speculation," he told Reuters Health.	Is the industry working with the FDA "to get firm answers and not just speculation," he told Reuters Health.	1
The industry is working with the FDA "to get firm answers and not just speculation," he told Reuters Health.	Is the industry working with FDA to get firm answers not just speculation," he told Reuters Health.	1
It would have been the first time in Texas history that the comptroller had not certified the budget.	For the first time in the history of Texas the comptroller had not certified the budget.	1
It would have been the first time in Texas history that the comptroller had not certified the budget.	Was this the first time the comptroller had not certified the budget in Texas?	1
Sales at Ford fell 0.1 percent while sales at DaimlerChrysler rose 7 percent.	Ford Sales fell 0.1 percent while Daimler Chrysler Sales rose 7 percent.	1
The rate of survival without serious brain damage is about 10 per cent, said Dr Leo Bossaert, executive director of the European Resuscitation Council.	Dr Leo Bossaert, executive director of the European Resuscitation Council: The rate of survival without serious brain damage is about ten per cent.	1
The rate of survival without serious brain damage is about 10 per cent, said Dr Leo Bossaert, executive director of the European Resuscitation Council.	Reanimation Rate: The rate of survival without serious brain damage is about 10%, said Dr Leo Bossaert, executive director of European Resuscitation Council.	1
The Denver-based natural gas producer and marketer said the inaccurate reporting was discovered after it received a subpoena from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission.	After receiving a subpoena from the U.S. Commodity Futures Trading Commission, the Denver-based natural gas producer and marketer says the inaccurate reporting was discovered.	1
The steel tariffs, which the U.S. president imposed in March 2002, will officially end at midnight, instead of March 2005 as initially planned.	Will the steel tariffs, which the U.S. president imposed in March 2002, officially end at midnight, instead of March 2005 as originally planned.	1
Russian and Saudi officials on Monday signed a five-year agreement on cooperation in the oil and gas sector.	Russia and Saudi signed five-year agreement on oil and gas sector on Monday.	1
Imam Samudra, 32, is accused of being the "field commander" of the October 12 attacks that killed 202 people, mostly tourists.	Is Imam Samudra, 32, accused of being the "field commander" of the October 12 attacks that killed 202 people, mostly tourists?	1
Imam Samudra, 32, is accused of being the "field commander" of the October 12 attacks that killed 202 people, mostly tourists.	Is Imam Samudra, 32, the "field commander" of the October 12 attacks that killed 202 people, mostly tourists?	1
This is just the latest movement in a continuing trend towards open source support of business applications.	What is the latest movement towards open source. Support of business applications. This is just the latest movement in a continuing trend towards open source.	1
Dusenbery's fiancee, Jessica Wheat, said he was considering settling down in Fort Campbell and making the Army his career.	Jessica Wheat: Dusenbery was planning on settling down at Fort Campbell. She told me she was interested in making Army his career.	1
Three Federal Reserve speakers and the Fed's anecdotal summary of U.S. economic conditions could help firm expectations.	How can three Federal Reserve speakers and the Fed's anecdotal summary of U.S. economic conditions help firm expectations.	1
Billy Hodge, 11, is engrossed with the Harry Potter series books.	Billy Hodge, 11, is quite obsessed with Harry Potter.	1
Selling it symbolically writes a finish to that chapter in the administration of our city schools."	Selling it symbolizes write a finish to that chapter in the administration of our city schools."	1
U.S. stocks fell, led by computer-related shares, after network-equipment maker Cisco Systems Inc. said sales will be unchanged this quarter.	Cisco said sales of its networking and networking products will remain unchanged for the third quarter. Shares fell, led by computer-related shares.	1
Mr. Dewhurst has called for a "cooling period" between special sessions, which could give the Democrats some time at home.	Mr. Dewhurst has called for a cooling period between special sessions, which could give the Democrats some time to do at home.	1
The four fund companies named by Spitzer each said they're cooperating with his investigation.	Which of the four funds named by Spitzer have said they're cooperating with his investigation?	1
Artists are worried the plan would harm those who need help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows.	Do the artists feel that the plans will harm those who need the help most - performers who have a difficult time lining up shows?	1
Now Infogrames has decided to change its name to Atari.	Now Infogrames has decided to denominate itself to Atari.	1
The House has already approved the measure, and Congress twice sent similar legislation to President Clinton, who vetoed it.	In the past, the House has already voted on the measure, and the Congress twice sent similar legislation to President Clinton, who vetoed it.	1
Attorney Patricia Anderson, who represents the Schindlers in the courtroom tug-of-war with their son-in-law, declined to comment on the case.	A counsel declined to comment on the dispute. Patricia Anderson represents the Schindlers in the Courtroom tug-of-war with their son-in-law.	1
The court today reversed the decision of that court, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.	The court reversed the decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.	1
The court today reversed the decision of that court, the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.	The Court reversed the decision of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit.	1
"High-tech scam artists who think they can hijack the Internet should think again," Ashcroft said.	"High-tech scam artists should think about hijacking the Internet" Ashcroft said.	1
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	Are there any kind of systems combining institutional and community-based care and are usually financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars?	1
The companies uniformly declined to give specific numbers on customer turnover, saying they will release those figures only when they report overall company performance at year-end.	In their respective companies, the companies have consistently declined to give specific numbers on customer turnover and will release those figures when they report overall company performance at year-end.	1
Nonetheless, the open-source guru insisted, "This attack was wrong, and it was dangerous to our goals."	What did the open-source guru say: "This attack was wrong and dangerous to our goals."	1
The U.S. military on Dec. 2 began a large-scale sweep, dubbed Operation Avalanche, targeting the south and east of the country, where Taliban activity has been highest.	In Afghanistan, the U.S. military recently started Operation Avalanche, targeting the south and east of the country, where Taliban activity has been highest. The operation was launched on Dec. 2, but a military spokesperson declined to comment.	1
But the company said that its competitors simply were trying to hinder MCI's emergence from bankruptcy.	This comes after MCI said that it's competitors simply were trying to hinder MCI's emergence from bankruptcy.	1
As a result, Murphy sought to substitute Strier's sister, Ethel Celnik, as the trustee.	Murphy took the position of Strier's sister Ethel Celnik as trustee.	1
Writing in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, Vincent’s team said all of the fresh water poured out of the 20 mile (30 km) long Disraeli Fjord.	Vincent and his team wrote in the journal Geophysical Research Letters, all of the fresh water poured out of the 20 mile (30 km) long Disraeli Fjord.	1
Instead, tickets for the Jersey jam went on sale last night through Ticketmaster.	Tickets for Jersey Jam went on sale on ticketmaster last night.	1
On Wednesday, a man was shot near Kut as he tried to run over two marines at a checkpoint.	Is it possible that a man was shot in Kut on Wednesday while trying to run over two marines at a checkpoint.	1
Among the proposals is one for Zimbabwe to have the opportunity to rejoin the 54-member body before the next CHOGM meeting in two years.	What would be the proposal for Zimbabwe to rejoin the 54-member body before the next CHOGM in two years?	1
A ruling last week by U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City that the FTC lacked authority to run the registry triggered a whirlwind of activity in Washington.	When the FTC announced that it couldn't run the registry, it was still a case in Oklahoma City. The ruling last week by U.S. District Judge Lee R. West in Oklahoma City triggered a whirlwind of activity in Washington.	1
Seven people were taken to hospital today after a second derailment on the London Underground in less than 48 hours.	A second derailment of the London Underground in the last 24 hours has taken seven people to hospital.	1
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent.	If Biogen and IDEC merge, their shares would have a 50% share. Biogen shareholders would have the remaining remaining 49.5 percent.	1
IDEC shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and Biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent.	If IDEC were formed, shareholders would own 50.5 percent of the stock of the combined company, and biogen shareholders the remaining 49.5 percent of the stock.	1
Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach LLP said it filed suit in a New York court on Monday on behalf of the Southern Alaska Carpenters Pension Fund.	Milberg Weiss Bershad Hynes & Lerach LLP filed suit in a New York court on behalf of the Southern Alaska Carpenters Pension Fund on Monday.	1
Attorneys for the Roman Catholic archdiocese and nearly 250 alleged victims began meeting last week to reach an out-of-court settlement.	For the former victims, the attorney for the Roman Catholic archdiocese, and the nearly 250 alleged victims began meeting last week to reach an out-of-court settlement.	1
The new law requires libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal financing.	As new law forces libraries and schools to use filters or lose federal funding.	1
Lucent's stock was off 7 cents, or 3.7 percent, at $1.84 in morning trading on the New York Stock Exchange.	Lucent's stock was down 3.7 percent at $1.84 in the morning on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Although they no longer get the glory, desktop PC exceeded IDC's shipment expectations in the second quarter, Kay said.	Although desktop computers get nothing back, they did surpass IDC's shipment expectations in the second quarter, Kay said.	1
"Clearly it is a tragic day for Americans," he said in Washington.	What tragic day is the day for America," he said in Washington.	1
PC-related products were the strongest sellers, with microprocessors up 5.6 percent and DRAMs up 8.2 percent, the SIA said.	What are the top PC products, with Microprocessors up 5.6 percent, and Memory up 8.2 percent, said SIA.	1
Last month, The Washington Post Co. introduced Express, a tabloid distributed largely along transit routes.	The Washington Post Co. introduced Express. Express is a tabloid distributed largely along transit routes. Last month, The Washington Post Co. introduced Express, a tabloid distributed largely along transit routes.	1
Last month, The Washington Post Co. introduced Express, a tabloid distributed largely along transit routes.	Recently, the Washington Post started Express, a monthly tabloid distributed largely along transit routes.	1
After a tense stand-off, the battlewagon turned back.	In a long fight the battlewagon turned back.	1
The top speed of Ethernet could hit 40G bps (bits per second) within the next two years, a senior Cisco Systems Inc. executive said Wednesday.	Could the top speed of Ethernet reach 40G bps within the next two years, a senior Cisco Systems Inc. executive said Wednesday.	1
Many of the victims of Sunday's attack had been headed out of Iraq for R&R or emergency leave.	Some of the victims of Sunday's attack were heading out of Iraq for a while, and many more were heading out for some sort of hospital or emergency service.	1
He also wrote the state was right to execute a search warrant at the store.	Also wrote that state was right to execute a search warrant at the store.	1
Only one of the five buildings in the Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned, the UN said on its Web site.	The UN says only one of the five buildings in Baghdad compound of the United Nations Development Program escaped being burned, according to the UN's website.	1
Michelle Wie chips Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.	Michelle Wie chipped in Sunday during her 1-up victory over Virada Nirapathpongporn in the 27th U.S. Women's Amateur Public Links Championship.	1
Powell's rendition of the third conversation made it more incriminating, by saying an officer ordered that the area be "cleared out."	How would Powell's rendition of the third conversation make it more incriminating, by saying that an officer ordered that the area be "cleared out."	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.	The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX> gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924. The Dow Jones Industrial Average is 69.3%. It's down 4.2% from the previous year.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index <.SPX> gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924.	Standard & Poor’s 500 Index.SPX> gained 3 points, or 0.39 percent, at 924. (Reuters)	1
The Nasdaq composite index rose 15.82, or 0.9 percent, to 1,861.52.	Nasdaq composite index rose 15.82, or 0.9 percent, to 1,861.52, indexes.	1
It appears that the machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted on BugTraq."	The machine was cracked using a ptrace exploit by a local user immediately after the exploit was posted on BugTraq. "[___________________________________________________________________________________	1
Yang would dine on shredded pork with garlic and kung pao chicken washed down with Chinese tea, state media said.	How would he eat shredded pork with garlic and kung pao chicken washed down with Chinese tea, state media said.	1
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient.	Singapore said they have no suspected SARS cases since Tuesday evening. However, quarantine officers were working with 70 people who were in contact with the Taiwanese patient.	1
The agencies warn that the "insulation can sift through cracks in the ceiling, around light fixtures or around ceiling fans."	"insulation can sift through cracks in the ceiling, around light fixtures or around ceiling fans," says the agency.	1
Mallard's friend, Clete Jackson, and his cousin, Herbert Tyrone Cleveland, pleaded guilty last year to dumping Biggs' body.	Isc, Mallard's friend, Clete Jackson, and his cousin, Herbert Tyrone Cleveland, pleaded guilty last year to dumping Biggs' body?	1
Mallard's friend, Clete Jackson, and his cousin, Herbert Tyrone Cleveland, pleaded guilty last year to dumping Biggs' body.	Is it true Mallard's friend, Clete Jackson, and his cousin, Herbert Tyrone Cleveland, pleaded guilty last year to dumping Biggs' body?	1
"Oh, it's never fun to be No 4, especially if you've been No 1 before.	Why is it so hard to be No 4 even if you've been No 1 before?"	1
It consisted of eight blacks, two Guyanese and two whites.	There were eight black people in that land, two Guyane and two whites.	1
But Nelson claims he did it because he was drunk on beer, not because Rosenbaum was jewish.	When asked if Nelson had been drunk on beer, and not because Rosenbaum was jewish, Nelson says that he did it because he was drunk on beer.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829.	The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average.DJI jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829. The Dow Jones is the world's largest stock index.	1
The 5,000 members have already pledged to relocate to the selected state, Free State Project organizers say.	Free State Project organizers say the 5,000 people who are already there have pledged to relocate to the selected state.	1
On Friday, every major exhibitor will donate time to play daily trailers on all screens in more than 5,000 U.S. theaters.	Every major exhibitor will donate time to play daily trailers on all screens in more than 5,000 U.S. theaters. On Friday, every major exhibitor will donate time to play daily trailers.	1
The jury verdict, reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation, followed a 2 week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.	After the Jury verdict, reached Wednesday after less than four hours of deliberation, followed a 2 week trial, during which Waagner represented himself.	1
The updated 64-bit operating system, Windows XP 64-Bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems, will run natively on AMD Athlon 64 processor-powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations.	Windows XP 64-Bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems is running natively on AMD Athlon 64 processor-powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations.	1
The updated 64-bit operating system, Windows XP 64-Bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems, will run natively on AMD Athlon 64 processor-powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations.	Windows XP 64-bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems. This will run natively on AMD Athlon 64 processor-powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations.	1
The updated 64-bit operating system, Windows XP 64-Bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems, will run natively on AMD Athlon 64 processor-powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations.	Windows XP 64-bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems will run natively on AMD Athlon 64 processor-powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations.	1
The updated 64-bit operating system, Windows XP 64-Bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems, will run natively on AMD Athlon 64 processor-powered desktops and AMD Opteron processor-powered workstations.	Windows XP 64-bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended Systems ships with native AMD Athlon 64 processor and AMD Opteron processor.	1
The department's position threatens to alienate social conservatives, who have provided strong political support for Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.	Dept's position threatens to alienate social conservatives who have provided strong political support to Mr. Ashcroft and President Bush.	1
French President Jacques Chirac was said to have demanded that a European company provide the engines.	Did the French president Jacques Chirac demand engines from a European company?	1
French President Jacques Chirac was said to have demanded that a European company provide the engines.	Did the French president Jacques Chirac demand the engines of a European company?	1
"This new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets so that we may best protect the nation's critical infrastructure assets."	In order to protect national critical infrastructure, this new division will be focused on the vitally important task of protecting the nation's cyber assets.	1
It's happened five times in the last 11 years: A disaster puts this Southwestern town in the headlines during the summer tourist season.	What's happened five times in the last 11 years? A disaster puts this Southwestern town in the headlines during the summer tourist season.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	Standard & Poor's 500 Index edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	1
The broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index .SPX edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921.	Is the broader Standard & Poor's 500 Index.SPX edged down 9 points, or 0.98 percent, to 921?	1
"His statement is that he possibly hit the gas instead of the brakes," Mr Butts said.	If he ran on gas, he may have hit the brakes or the gas butts said.	1
Humphries, and his father William, were on the IU campus Wednesday afternoon and Thursday morning.	Was Humphries, his father William, on the IU campus Wednesday afternoon and Thursday morning?	1
He also worked in the Virginia attorney general's office.	Il also worked in the Virginia attorney general office.	1
The results appear in the January issue of Cancer, the American Cancer Society journal, being published online today.	Cancer, the American Cancer Society, published online today. The findings are published in the January issue.	1
The rioters shot one person in the shoulder and beat and stabbed others, police said.	At least one person was shot in the shoulder by rioters and several others were beaten and stabbed, police said.	1
Congo's many-sided war began in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the government in Kinshasa.	What caused Congo's many-sided war in 1998 when Uganda and Rwanda invaded to back rebels fighting to topple the government in Kinshasa.	1
For the first time starting Thursday, all four pages of the Constitution will be on view instead of just the first and last pages.	When the Constitution is out for the first time on Thursday, all 4 pages will be on view instead of the first and last pages.	1
The S&P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes recorded their third straight week of gains.	After the week of gains, the S&P 500 and the Nasdaq indexes both recorded gains. This was the third consecutive week of gains.	1
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	Almost two years later, it would take place. The insurance would begin.	1
He said there were complex reasons for the increased numbers of cases and scientists were only just beginning to understand the risk factors.	If he said there were complex reasons for the increased number of cases and scientists were only beginning to understand the risk factors.	1
He said there were complex reasons for the increased numbers of cases and scientists were only just beginning to understand the risk factors.	In his opinion, the increased number of patients he encountered was a result of complex reasons and the science was just beginning to understand the risk factors.	1
After all, China isn't racing anyoneso there's no great rush," Clark said.	Why China isn't racing and also no great rush," Clark said.	1
Furthermore, Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.	As many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1 according to Bremer.	1
Holders of paper bonds will be able, though not required, to convert to electronic accounts.	If one holds notes on Paper Bonds, they are not required to convert to electronic accounts.	1
Holders of paper bonds will be able, though not required, to convert to electronic accounts.	Will holders of paper bonds be able, though not required, to convert to electronic accounts.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC declined 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84.	During the week the Nasdaq Composite Index fell, or 1.56 percent, to 1,627.84. The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index.IXIC dropped 25.78 points, or 1.56 percent, or 21.28 points, or 22.72 percent, to 22.298.32.	1
But plaque volume increased by 2.7 percent in pravastatin patients.	That's because plaque volume was increased by 2.7 percent with pravastatin.	1
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.	Retailer says it came to the decision after hearing from customers and associates.	1
The retailer said it came to the decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates.	According to retailer "They came to their decision after hearing the opinions of customers and associates"	1
The NEA report, the "Status of the American Public School Teacher," aims to help education groups shape their agendas.	What is the NEA report, the "Status of the American Public School Teacher," aims to help education groups shape their agendas.	1
US Special Forces troops are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second-biggest oil field.	AP: US Special Forces are training Colombian soldiers at military bases in the region to protect the pipeline, which transports crude from Colombia's second largest oil field.	1
She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995.	She was the only woman in her unit and a member of Teamsters Local 995. She was a non-boy in her unit.	1
After consulting with experts, he said he was advised a delay will give Luna his best chance of reuniting with "L" Pod, his family.	After consulting with experts, he said he was advised a delay would give Luna his best chance of reuniting with his family, Pod.	1
Today in the US, the book - kept under wraps by its publishers, G. P. Putnam's Sons, since its inception - will appear in bookstores.	The book, kept under wraps by its publishers, G. P. Putnam's Sons, since its inception, is finally available in bookstores in the US.	1
Analysts have estimated that Vivendi Uni could fetch $12 billion-$14 billion for VUE.	The expected VUE purchase of Vivendi Uni is around a quarter. Analysts are saying that it can fetch $12 billion-$14 billion.	1
"The reasons behind the increase in incidence are more complex and we are only just beginning to understand the risk factors," he said.	Why the rise in cases are more complex and we are just beginning to understand the risk factors," he said.	1
The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com.	'Smoking Gun': The interview, which also focuses on Schwarzenegger's training routines and prowess as a bodybuilder, was reprinted this week on the website http://www.smokinggun.com/.	1
The Fox Movie Channel has banned Charlie Chan.	Charlie Chan: The Fox Movie Channel is deleting Charlie Chan from the channel.	1
The 3{ hours of recordings include conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers, as well as media inquiries.	What are the 3 hours of recordings with conversations between police, firefighters and other emergency workers as well as media inquiries.	1
Germans account for more than 40 percent of foreign visitors coming to Italy.	In Italy it is reported that Germans account for more than 40 percent of all foreign visitors from other countries.	1
Muhammad and fellow sniper suspect Lee Boyd Malvo, who goes on trial Nov. 10, were arrested Oct. 24, 2002, at a Maryland highway rest stop.	Muhammad and Lee Boyd Malvo were arrested Oct. 24, 2002, at a Maryland highway rest stop. Muhammad, who is accused of sniping, is on trial Nov. 10.	1
Ex-KGB agent Putin added that the Beatles were considered 'propaganda of an alien ideology'.	"The Beatles were propaganda of alien ideology", asserted ex-KGB agent Putin.	1
Feelings about current business conditions improved substantially from the first quarter, jumping from 40 to 55.	Since the first quarter, confidence in business was excellent, jumping from 40 to 55.	1
Feelings about current business conditions improved substantially from the first quarter, jumping from 40 to 55.	Looking back on first quarter, perceptions about current business conditions rose significantly, jumping from 40 to 55.	1
The company reported that it terminated Sequent's Unix contract for improper transfer of source code and development methods into Linux.	Software contractor Sequent terminated its Unix contract due to improper transfer of source code and development methods into Linux.	1
Mr McDevitt has been granted control of three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.	Sir Jim McDevitt has been given the authority to manage three crucial aspects of policing in the Solomons.	1
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.	Juli Niemann at RT Jones: Grant was "the one we were all pulling for".	1
RT Jones analyst Juli Niemann said Grant was "the one we were all pulling for.	Juli Niemann of RT Jones explains that "Grant was the one we were all pulling for".	1
The layoffs at Eddie Bauer headquarters were dispersed across the company and at all levels, spokeswoman Lisa Erickson said.	Lisa Erickson: The layoffs at Eddie Bauer headquarters were dispersed across the company and at all levels.	1
"It was one of the first times in my life that I felt we were truly being treated as Americans,'' she said.	How did she feel for the first time in her life she said: "It was one of the first times in my life that I felt like we were truly being treated as Americans.''	1
"Please, keep doing your homework," said Bavelier, the mother of three.	My kids are doing homework so please keep doing it," said Bavelier, the mother of 3 children.	1
"Please, keep doing your homework," said Bavelier, the mother of three.	Mother of three, "Please keep doing your homework" says Bavelier.	1
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.	Despite his great diplomatic background, Mr. Qurei cannot expect such a warm welcome from Israelis.	1
"Nobody wants to go to war with anybody about anything ... it's always very much a last resort thing and one to be avoided," Mr Howard told Sydney radio.	Never going to war with anyone... it's always very much a last resort thing and one to be avoided," Mr Howard told Sydney radio.	1
"The message is: If an individual is thinking of getting a flu shot, they shouldn't wait.	Should an individual get a flu shot immediately?	1
"The message is: If an individual is thinking of getting a flu shot, they shouldn't wait.	If an individual is thinking about getting a flu shot, they should not wait."	1
The new rules will allow a single company to own TV stations that reach 45 percent of U.S. households instead of the old 35 percent.	Will the new rules allow a single company to own a TV station that reach 45 percent of U.S. households instead of the old 35 percent.	1
"At this point, Mr. Brando announced: 'Somebody ought to put a bullet'" through her head, the motion continued.	"At this point, Mr. Brando announced: 'Somebody ought to put a bullet in her head.' " ",the motion continued.	1
"We have concluded that the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates," Duisenberg said.	In short, the outlook for price stability over the medium term has improved significantly since our last decision to lower interest rates," Duisenberg said.	1
The notification was first reported Friday by MSNBC.	A note was first reported on Friday by MSNBC.	1
The 30-year bond US30YT=RR rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close.	For the 30-year bond US30YT=RR, it rose 22/32 for a yield of 4.31 percent, versus 4.35 percent at Wednesday's close. The price of the 10-year bond fell 0.2 percent.	1
