text_a	text_b	labels
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.	Coming home to put his mother to rest in Pennsylvania, Sgt. Ernest Bucklew came home from Iraq.	0
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.	Coming home to put his mother to rest in Pennsylvania, Sgt. Ernest Bucklew returned from Iraq.	0
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.	to put his mother to rest in Pennsylvania, Sgt. Ernest Bucklew returned from Iraq.	0
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.	Putting his mother to rest in Pennsylvania, Sgt. Ernest Bucklew returned from Iraq.	0
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.	Putting his mother to rest in Pennsylvania, Sgt. Ernest Bucklew returned from Iraq at age 33	1
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.	Putting his mother to rest in Pennsylvania, Sgt. Ernest Bucklew returned from Iraq at the age of 33	1
Sgt. Ernest Bucklew, 33, was coming home from Iraq to bury his mother in Pennsylvania.	Putting his mother to rest in Pennsylvania, Sgt. Ernest Bucklew returned from Iraq at the age 33	1
So, can we please get out of here?	So is it alright if we leave here?	1
So, can we please get out of here?	So is it alright if we leave here	1
So, can we please get out of here?	So is it okay if we please leave here	1
So, can we please get out of here?	So is it okay if we please go	1
So, can we please get out of here?	So is it okay if we please go from here	1
So, can we please get out of here?	So is it okay if we please go	1
Financial terms of the deal, expected to close this month, were not released.	The deals financial terms of agreement were not released	0
Financial terms of the deal, expected to close this month, were not released.	The deals financial agreement were not released	0
Financial terms of the deal, expected to close this month, were not released.	The pending deals financial agreement were not released	0
Palm Beach County is considering adding up to $200 million more in incentives.	Additional incentives, with a maximum of $200 million, may be added by Palm Beach County.	1
Palm Beach County is considering adding up to $200 million more in incentives.	The implementation of an additional $200 million in incentives is being considered in Palm Beach County.	1
Palm Beach County is considering adding up to $200 million more in incentives.	The implementation of additional incentives, with a maximum of $200 million, is up for consideration by Palm Beach County.	1
Furthermore, Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.	Bremer also estimates that nearly 200 members of the extremist group Ansar al-Islam returned to the country on 1 May.	1
Furthermore, Bremer estimated that as many as 200 operatives from the extremist group Ansar al-Islam have slipped back into the country since May 1.	Bremer also estimates that nearly 200 members of the extremist group Ansar al-Islam returned to the country on 1 May.	1
Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001.	Siebel, whose prosperity has grown with the technological boom, has reduced its workforce by almost a third since late 2001.	1
Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001.	Siebel, whose prosperity has increased with the technological boom, has reduced close to one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001.	1
Siebel, whose fortunes soared with the tech boom, has cut nearly one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001.	Siebel, whose prosperity has increased with the technological boom, has reduced close to one-third of its workforce since the end of 2001.	1
Two years later, the insurance coverage would begin.	The insurance will start in two years	1
"""We are pleased with the judge's decision and pleased that they accepted our arguments,"" a Merrill spokesman said Tuesday."	"""We are pleased with the decision the judge has given us and we are pleased that they have accepted our arguments,"" a Mery l spokeswoman said Tuesday."	1
"""We are pleased with the judge's decision and pleased that they accepted our arguments,"" a Merrill spokesman said Tuesday."	"""We are pleased with the decision the judge has given us and we are pleased that they have accepted our arguments,"" a Mery l spokeswoman said Tuesday."	1
We intend to appeal vigorously and still expect to be vindicated ultimately.	We want to appeal seriously, but expect it to be proven in the end.	1
The indictment supercedes a criminal complaint filed against Quattrone on April 23 with similar charges.	The indictment proves a criminal complaint filed on April 23 against Quattron with similar allegations.	1
The indictment supercedes a criminal complaint filed against Quattrone on April 23 with similar charges.	A criminal complaint filed on April 23 with similar charges against Quattron proves that this allegation exists.	0
The indictment supercedes a criminal complaint filed against Quattrone on April 23 with similar charges.	A criminal complaint filed on April 23 with similar charges against Quattron proves that this allegation exists.	0
Chaudhry was released 56 days later and the Fiji military installed an all-indigenous government led by Qarase, who won democratic elections in September 2001.	He was released 56 days later and is said to have formed the Fiji army, which won the September 2001 democratic elections and established all local bodies led by Karas.	0
In addition, juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty.	In general, jurors in state and federal cases have been more reluctant to impose the death penalty and have not enforced it.	0
In addition, juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty.	In general, jurors in federal and state cases have been more reluctant to impose the death penalty and have not enforced it.	0
You're crying.	i am not crying	0
You're crying.	I did not cry	0
You're crying.	I did not cry	0
You're crying.	may be	0
You're crying.	I didn't get ice cream so Nun was crying	0
You believe everything on TV?	I can’t believe some of what I see on TV.	0
You believe everything on TV?	I don’t believe anything I see on TV.	0
You believe everything on TV?	yes i believe everything on TV?	0
You believe everything on TV?	yes i believe everything on TV?	0
Some of the company's software developers will join Microsoft, but details haven't been finalized, said Mike Nash, corporate vice president of Microsoft's security business unit.	Some of the company's software developers will join Microsoft, but the details have not been recorded, said Mike Nash, corporate vice president of security business at Microsoft.	1
I say there is a smell like in the shed.	I tell my brother that there is a smell in the barn.	0
I say there is a smell like in the shed.	I think there is a smell in the shed.	1
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.	Mr. Manuel and his crew were able to cross the bridge connecting Madamoros and Brownsville to enter the United States.	0
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.	Mr. Manuel and his crew were able to cross the bridge connecting Brownsville to enter the United States.	0
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.	Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Brownsville.	0
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.	Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Brownsville.	0
Mr. Manuel and his group entered the United States by walking across the bridge linking Matamoros and Brownsville.	Mr. Manuel and his crew have the opportunity to walk across the bridge connecting Madamoros and Brownsville and enter the United States.	1
Children and adolescents The use of Actelsar HCT in children and adolescents up to the age of 18 years is not recommended.	Children and adolescents are recommended to use Octelsar HCD in children and adolescents up to 18 years of age.	0
"""A lot of these are made-up stories,"" Schwarzenegger told NBC television."	"Schwarzenegger told NBC television that ""there may be a lot of these made-up stories."""	1
"""A lot of these are made-up stories,"" Schwarzenegger told NBC television."	"Schwarzenegger told NBC television that ""there may be a lot of these made-up stories."""	1
"""Accordingly, there needs to be more on the horizon than simply winning a war against terrorism."	In two years, the sum insured will start.	0
But Senate criticism of the House plan Tuesday came on several fronts.	animesh	0
What is this?	animesh	0
The exercise of voting rights should be made easy.	animesh	0
The final will be at the new Home Depot Center in Carson on Oct. 12.	Quarterfinals are expected to be doubleheaders at two sites, and the semifinals a doubleheader at one site.	0
Fuels used by plants containing at least one CHP unit are to be reported under Main Activity Producer CHP Plants.	This includes electricity generated from main activity producer CHP plants. Main activity producer CHP plants refer to plants which	0
Fuels used by plants containing at least one CHP unit are to be reported under Main Activity Producer CHP Plants.	This includes electricity generated from main activity producer CHP plants. Main activity producer CHP plants refer to plants which	0
Fuels used by plants containing at least one CHP unit are to be reported under Main Activity Producer CHP Plants.	Main activity producer CHP plants refer to plants which	0
Fuels used by plants containing at least one CHP unit are to be reported under Main Activity Producer CHP Plants.	great deal	0
Come here!	baby	0
Come here!	come here my sweetheart	0
On 29 October 2003 the respondents and IFAH wrote to the Court discontinuing their cross-appeals on the basis that by adopting Regulation No 1873/2003 the Commission had brought to an end the failure to act which was the subject-matter of the cross-appeals.	On 29 October 2003 the respondents and IFAH wrote to the Court discontinuing their cross-appeals on the basis that by adopting Regulation No 1873/2003 the Commission had brought to an end the failure to act which was the subject-matter of the cross-appeales.	1
'The slavemaster and his men.'	'The slavemaster and his men'	1
I mean,she was one of the bigget threats in the game.		0
Move it!	This is my sentence	0
Move it!	This is my sentence	0
Move it!	This is my sentence.	0
Move it!	Only upon cholesterol's , decomposition by ozone can some molecules be formed .	0
They gave me a holding deal.	A holding deal was given by them.	1
You can sleep outside!	On outside you will sleep.	1
|| 02.05.01 European satellite navigation programmes (EGNOS and Galileo)	European satellite navigation programmes	0
|| 02.05.01 European satellite navigation programmes (EGNOS and Galileo)	Navigation programmes European Satellite	0
|| 02.05.01 European satellite navigation programmes (EGNOS and Galileo)	Navigation programmes European Satellite 02.05.01	0
The seventh person charged in the case - Habis Abdu al Saoub - remains at large.	Habis Abdu al Saoub remains at large .	0
The seventh person charged in the case - Habis Abdu al Saoub - remains at large.	Habis Abdu al Saoub remains at large the seventh person charged in the case.	1
Copy source to target	Target to cpy source.	1
Copy source to target	Target to copy source.	1
Copy source to target	Target to coy source.	0
Copy source to target	Target to copy source.	1
List of physicians	physician's list.	1
I mean,she was one of the bigget threats in the game.	i mean, she was one of the biggest threats in the game.	1
Hernandez has been treated for breast cancer, and Moore suffers from non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.	Hemandez has been treated for beast cancer, and Moore suffers from non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.	0
International Read Settings	Read international settings.	1
International Read Settings	Read the international settings.	1
Underboss, Eijiro Gomi.	Eijiro Gomi is under the boss.	1
Overall control will be wielded by a national security council, headed by Mr Arafat.	control wielded by Mr Arafat .	0
Overall control will be wielded by a national security council, headed by Mr Arafat.	control wielded bynational security council and it was headed by Mr Arafat .	1
Overall control will be wielded by a national security council, headed by Mr Arafat.	control wielded by national security council and it was headed by Mr Arafat .	1
Overall control will be wielded by a national security council, headed by Mr Arafat.	control wielded by national security council and it was headed by Mr. Arafat .	1
Overall control will be wielded by a national security council, headed by Mr Arafat.	control wielded by the national security council and it was headed by Mr. Arafat .	1
Overall control will be wielded by a national security council, headed by Mr Arafat.	control wielded by the national security council and it was headed by the Mr. Arafat .	1
Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk said his office received the recordings this week.	In this week office received the recordings	0
Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk said his office received the recordings this week.	In this week office received their  recordings .	0
Galveston County District Attorney Kurt Sistrunk said his office received the recordings this week.	office received their  recordings by this week .	0
Sean?	Is Sean?	1
Sean?	Is this Sean?	1
Sean?	Sean ! Is this you ?	1
Organic chemistry with a specialty in--	A speciality with organic chemistry.	0
We use it to track and monitor the Last night at 23.17 that fence was breached.	They use track and monitor.	0
No?	Yes?	0
No?	Shall we?	0
No, James, but that doesn't mean I wasn't inspired by it.	James said that he wasn't inspired .	0
No?	Permissible?	0
No?	May I?	0
No?	No.	1
No?	Perhaps it would be agreeable?	0
No?	Perhaps it would be agreeable?	0
No?	Agreeable?	0
No?	Not?	1
Let's check, let's check.	let's check	1
No, Dominus.	no. Dominos	1
"""We have found the smoking gun,"" investigating board member Scott Hubbard said."	We found the gun.	0
"""We have found the smoking gun,"" investigating board member Scott Hubbard said."	We found the gun, investigation board member Scott told.	0
KGB? Am I in Russia?	Am I in Russia? KGB?	1
Break OLE Link	Break the link	1
The poll, conducted by KRC Communications Research of Newton, was taken Wednesday and Thursday.	KRC was conducted and was taken by wednesday and thursday.	0
This required no diagram to be understood.	No diagram is required .	0
Petra laughed and gave him a little shove.	a little shove was given by Petra .	0
Petra laughed and gave him a little shove.	a little shove was given by Petra and she was laughed away .	0
About 1,557 genes on chromosome 6 are thought to be functional.	6 are thought to be functional	0
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.	Senate died and the similar bills are passed the house	0
"""active and productive than would otherwise be so,"""	productive and active than would otherwise be so	1
Those who only had surgery lived an average of 46 months.	One who had a surgery they will live an average of 46 months.	1
It doesnt appear the children struggled, Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone said Saturday.	At the saturday Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone told that it doesnot appear the children struggled.	1
It doesnt appear the children struggled, Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone said Saturday.	At the saturday Prowers County Coroner Joe Giadone told that it does not appear the children struggled.	1
How's business?	How was the business ?	1
How's business?	How was the business today ?	0
How's business?	How was the business ?	1
Treatment successful.	The treatment was succesful.	1
Blagojevich reiterated his stance Wednesday to not prop up the budget with a gambling expansion.	With the gambling expansion Blagojevich reiterated his stance	0
Blagojevich reiterated his stance Wednesday to not prop up the budget with a gambling expansion.	With the gambling expansion Blagojevich reiterated his stance and wednesday to not prop up .	0
Blagojevich reiterated his stance Wednesday to not prop up the budget with a gambling expansion.	With the gambling expansion Blagojevich reiterated his stance and do not prop up his stance.	0
so that she became the first person in her village,	In the village she became the first person	1
The reports helped overcome investor jitters after the euro briefly hit an all-time high against the dollar Tuesday.	Against the dollar tuesday the reports helped after the euro briefly.	0
You've gotta kill yourself, David, before it's too late.	It's too late david you have kill yourself.	0
You've gotta kill yourself, David, before it's too late.	It's too late david you have gotta kill yourself.	0
EMEA/H/C/116		0
EMEA/H/C/116	116/EMEA/H/C/	1
EMEA/H/C/116	C/116/EMEA/H/	1
EMEA/H/C/116	H/C/116/EMEA	1
This story can fit 175-225 words.	It was 175-225 words story.	1
This story can fit 175-225 words.	It was 175-225 words story can fit.	1
Hey, come on.	come on	1
Hey, come on.	come on.	1
Hey, come on.	come on let's go.	0
Hey, come on.	come on we will go .	0
Just try to keep him out of trouble.	keep him tojust try  out of trouble.	1
According to the rules of the martials arts universe, it is finders, keepers.	It was finder ,keepers according to the rules of the martials art universe.	1
Good idea.	The idea was good .	1
Shares of Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88 as of 3:59 p.m.	Corixa fell 12 cents to $6.88	0
Asia/Aqtau	Aqtau/Asia	1
Neither will we.	We will neither.	1
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.	Though she was insisted she will not be published	0
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.	She was insisted until her death.	0
Because of him, we were able to catch Saunders	We were able to catch the saunders because of him.	1
Phoebe was killed by the people you support.	I support the people was killed by Phoebe.	0
Phoebe was killed by the people you support.	the people was killed by Phoebe you support.	0
Nope.	none	1
They know what they're doing.	They are doing what they do.	0
Are we cool?	We are cool.	0
Are we cool?	Are we chill?	1
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.	Hunt told that Evacuation went smoothly.	0
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.	Hunt told that Evacuation went smoothly and although the passengers.	0
General, don't step forward this time.	This time you don't step  forward.	0
The commission must work out the plan's details, but the average residential customer paying $840 a year would get a savings of about $30 annually.		0
Karen and I collaborated.	I was collaborated by Karen.	1
Karen and I collaborated.	I was collaborated and Karen.	1
The two rugged counties got 2 to 3 inches of rain between midnight and noon.	At the midnight and noon the two countries got rain for 2 to 3 inches.	0
ELECTRONIC VOICE.; Dead man's protocol activated.	Dead man's protocol activated by the electronic voice.	1
Bobby Bolivia, like the country, except without the runs.	Without any runs Bobby Bolivia liked the country.	1
Okay, dad.	Dad . I am okay.	1
Okay, dad.	Dad .  okay.	1
Russia had closed checkpoints on parts of the border with China and Mongolia until June 4, Itar-Tass news agency said.	agency told that Russia  had closed checkpoints	0
Just...	just	1
Yeah, well, they're gonna shoot Chance In, like, 30 seconds, so I wouldn't worry about that right now.	like 30 seconds I would worry about that	0
Blueberry	It's one type of vegetable.	0
Blueberry	It's one type of fruit.	0
Connecticut Attorney General Richard Blumenthal said he would fight any extension of the cable's use.	use the cable	0
Not for the State of California.	Not only for  california.	1
Not for the State of California.	Not only for the california.	1
The door stood open once more, looking down now onto a sunny jungle shore, a softly heaving ocean surface, an oval stabo-yacht hanging in stasis above a clearing and a sandy beach.		0
The door stood open once more, looking down now onto a sunny jungle shore, a softly heaving ocean surface, an oval stabo-yacht hanging in stasis above a clearing and a sandy beach.	the doo	0
How?	What about?	1
Indicators may include: perceptions of corruption, respondents’ behaviour linked to corrupt activities, and criminal justice statistics, including on seizures and confiscations of the proceeds of corruption-related crime.	Related crime may include perception of corruption, respondent's behavior linked to corrupt activities, and criminal justice statistics and confiscations of the proceeds of corruption	0
Indicators may include: perceptions of corruption, respondents’ behaviour linked to corrupt activities, and criminal justice statistics, including on seizures and confiscations of the proceeds of corruption-related crime.	perception of corruption, respondent's behavior linked to corrupt activities, and criminal justice statistics, including on seizures and confiscations of the proceeds of corruption are related crime	1
The nanny.	care taker	0
The nanny.	babysitter	0
The nanny.	The babysitter	1
Go to him for me.	Go along with him for me	1
No. Not cuddly.	No. Not pleasant	0
No. Not cuddly.	No. Not soft	1
"""These are dark days for our industry,"" Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement."	"Giovanni bisignani, the director general of the Geneva based organization said that ""These are dark days for our industry""."	0
"""These are dark days for our industry,"" Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement."	"Giovanni bisignani, the director general of the Geneva based organization said that ""These are dark days for our industry""."	0
"""These are dark days for our industry,"" Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement."	"""These are dark days for our industry"". said Giovanni Bisignani"	0
"""These are dark days for our industry,"" Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement."	"Giovanni Bisignani indicated that ""These are dark days for our industry""."	0
"""These are dark days for our industry,"" Giovanni Bisignani, director general of the Geneva-based organization, said in a statement."	"""These are dark days for our industry"", the director general of the Geneva based organization Giovanni Bisignani said"	0
The valley wall is only 50 meters over there.	The velley wall is length in 50 Meter over there	1
"However, George Heath, a Fort Campbell spokesman, said shortly after the attack that Akbar had ""an attitude problem""."	"Shortly after the attack that Akbar had ""an attitude problem"" said George Heath, a fort campbell spokesman"	1
What it ate?	What had it eaten?	1
Other, more traditional tests are also available.	Other tests are available, which are regarded as more traditional.	1
Other, more traditional tests are also available.	Other, more established, tests are available.	0
Other, more traditional tests are also available.	Other, more established, tests are accessible.	0
Other, more traditional tests are also available.	Other, more established, tests are available.	0
Other, more traditional tests are also available.	Other, more traditional, tests are available.	1
Other, more traditional tests are also available.	Other, more traditional, tests are accessible.	1
Other, more traditional tests are also available.	More traditional tests are accessible.	1
Other, more traditional tests are also available.	Tests which are more traditional are accessible.	1
Other, more traditional tests are also available.	Tests which are more traditional are also accessible.	1
Other, more traditional tests are also available.	Tests which are more traditional are accessible.	1
I guess what I wanted didn't matter.	I suppose my desires do not matter.	1
I guess what I wanted didn't matter.	I suppose my desires are not taken into considration.	1
I guess what I wanted didn't matter.	I suppose my desires are not taken into consideration.	1
I guess what I wanted didn't matter.	My desires are not taken into consideration.	0
I guess what I wanted didn't matter.	My desires are not taken into consideration I guess.	1
"""Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices,"" company vice president Richard Verheij told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee at a separate hearing."	"Richard Verheij, speaking at a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee hearing, said ""Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices""."	0
"""Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices,"" company vice president Richard Verheij told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee at a separate hearing."	"Richard Verheij, company vice president, while speaking at a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee hearing, said ""Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices""."	1
"""Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices,"" company vice president Richard Verheij told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee at a separate hearing."	"Richard Verheij, company vice president, speaking at a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee hearing, said ""Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices""."	1
"""Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices,"" company vice president Richard Verheij told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee at a separate hearing."	"Richard Verheij, vice president of the company, speaking at a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee hearing, said ""Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices""."	1
"""Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices,"" company vice president Richard Verheij told a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee at a separate hearing."	"Richard Verheij, company vice president, said ""Such communication will help adult smokers make more informed choices"" while speaking at a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee hearing,"	1
Why?	For what cause or reason?	1
Dan Powers, vice president of grid computing strategy at IBM Corp., says he's not worried about such off-the-shelf PC clusters threatening sales of traditional supercomputers.	The vice president of grid computing strategy at IBM Corp., Dan Powers, says he is not worried about commodity PC clusters diminishing sales of traditional supercomputers.	1
Dan Powers, vice president of grid computing strategy at IBM Corp., says he's not worried about such off-the-shelf PC clusters threatening sales of traditional supercomputers.	The vice president of grid computing strategy at IBM Corp., Dan Powers, says he is not worried about commodity PC clusters diminishing sales of conventional supercomputers.	1
Oh, yeah.	Yes.	1
Oh, yeah.	Oh, yes.	1
Oh, yeah.	Sure.	1
Oh, yeah.	Yep.	1
Oh, yeah.	Positively.	0
Oh, yeah.	Without doubt.	0
Oh, yeah.	Gee, yes.	1
Oh, yeah.	Gee, positively.	1
Mother...	Mom...	1
Mother...	Mother, really...	1
Mother...	Mom, really...	1
Mother...	Mom, really squirrels...	0
Mother...	Mom, really...	1
They're coming for you, and I don 't know what they're going to do.	I know not what they will do, but they are coming for you.	1
They're coming for you, and I don 't know what they're going to do.	I know not what they intend, but they are coming for you.	1
Then you must decide which is your greater obligation.	You must chose which is the greater duty then.	1
Then you must decide which is your greater obligation.	You must choose which is the greater duty then.	1
Then you must decide which is your greater obligation.	The greater obligation is for you to choose.	1
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.	Weida adjudicated that the charges against Meester of rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.	1
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.	Weida adjudicated that the charges against Meester of rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors would proceed to a court-martial.	1
Instead, Weida decided that Meester's case on charges of rape, sodomy, indecent assault and providing alcohol to minors should proceed to a court-martial.	Weida adjudicated that the charges against Meester of rape, sodomy, indecent assault, and providing alcohol to minors would now proceed to a court-martial.	1
"It will be followed in November by a third movie, ""The Matrix Revolutions."""	"""The Matrix Revolutions"", the third movie, will follow it in November."	1
It's a pretty big decision, alright.	Yep, that's a huge decision.	1
Chirac, who can pardon a law-breaker, refused Humbert's request last year but kept in close touch with the family.	Chirac, who has the authority to pardon someone who breaks the law, refused a request by Humbert last year but keeps in close touch with the family.	1
It would remove $55 billion in tax subsidies for exporters, which are illegal under international trade law, in exchange for new tax breaks.	International law makes it illegal to remove $55 billion in tax subsidies for exporters in exchange for tax breaks	0
It would remove $55 billion in tax subsidies for exporters, which are illegal under international trade law, in exchange for new tax breaks.	Tax breaks are illegal under international trade law	0
It would remove $55 billion in tax subsidies for exporters, which are illegal under international trade law, in exchange for new tax breaks.	Tax breaks are illegal under international trade law	0
It would remove $55 billion in tax subsidies for exporters, which are illegal under international trade law, in exchange for new tax breaks.	Tax breaks are illegal under international trade law. It removes $55 billion for exporters	0
What happened?	How did it turn out?	1
What happened?	Then what?	1
In addition, juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty.	The death penalty is rarely used in federal or state cases.	0
In addition, juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty.	The death penalty is rarely suggested by juries in federal or state cases.	0
In addition, juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty.	Juries tend to shy away from the death penalty in both federal and state cases.	0
In addition, juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty.	Juries tend to shy away from the death penalty in both federal and state cases.	0
In addition, juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty.	It is becoming more and more rare for juries to impose the death penalty in both state and federal cases.	1
"""These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that,"" Murphy says."	"Murphy says ""I wanted to convey these violent surgeries,"""	1
In addition, juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty.	It is becoming more and more rare for juries to suggest capital punishment.	0
In addition, juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty.	Capital punishment is suggested by juries in fewer and fewer cases at both the state and federal level.	0
In addition, juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty.	Capital punishment is suggested by juries in fewer and fewer cases at both the state and federal level.	0
In addition, juries in both state and federal cases have become increasingly reluctant to impose the death penalty.	Capital punishment is suggested by juries in increasingly fewer cases at both the state and federal level.	0
"""These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that,"" Murphy says."	"""These are horrible surgeries i want to tell you that, "" Murphy says."	0
"""These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that,"" Murphy says."	Murphy says that he wanted to convey these violent surgies.	1
Rudder was most recently senior vice president for the Developer & Platform Evangelism Business.	For the Developer & Platform Evangelism Company, Rudder was most recently a senior vice president.	1
"""These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that,"" Murphy says."	Murphy says that he wanted to convey these violent surgeries.	1
"""These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that,"" Murphy says."	Murphy says that he wanted to convey these violent surgeries.	1
He got caught, for God's sake.	He, for God's sake, got trapped.	1
"""These are violent surgeries and I wanted to convey that,"" Murphy says."	Murphy says that he wanted to convey these violent operations.	1
The Nasdaq composite index increased 10.73, or 0.7 percent, to 1,514.77.	The weighted index of the Nasdaq rose 10.73 to 1,514.77, or 0.7 percent.	1
The two men were allegedly trying to engage Russian exiles in Britain in the assassination plot.	In the assassination attempt, the two men reportedly attempted to involve Russian exiles in Britain.	1
Two, you're so messed up right now, she'd be miserable dating you.	In addition, until you fix your problems, neither of you will be happy.	0
I was so confused.	it says that person is very confused	0
Shares of Smithfield closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, at $20.85, on the New York Stock Exchange.	At $20.85, Smithfield securities closed up $1.64, or 8.5 percent, on the New York Stock Exchange.	1
Two, you're so messed up right now, she'd be miserable dating you.	In addition, until you fix your problems, she will never be happy with you.	0
I was so confused.	So confused was I.	1
Take your pick.	Any selection is valid.	0
Take your pick.	Any selection is okay.	0
Take your pick.	Select any.	1
Hoffa, 62, vanished on the afternoon of July 30, 1975, from a Bloomfield Township parking lot in Oakland County, about 25 miles north of Detroit.	Hoffa, 62, disappeared from a Bloomfield Township parking lot in Oakland County, some 25 miles north of Detroit, on the afternoon of July 30, 1975.	1
Cruz came to the United States in 1960, a year after the Cuban revolution.	Cruz travelled to the US a year after the Cuban revolt in 1960.	1
Cruz came to the United States in 1960, a year after the Cuban revolution.	In 1960, a year after the Cuban revolution, Cruz came to the United States.	1
Specifies bullet and number formats for the selected paragraph.	Specifies formats for bullets and numbers for a selected paragraph.	1
In that judgment, the Court held that, in exercising the jurisdiction to interpret Community law which is conferred on it by Article 234 EC, the Court may interpret the general criteria used by the Community legislature to define the concept of unfair terms, but it may not rule on the application of those general criteria to a particular term, which must be considered in the light of the particular circumstances of the case in question.	In that judgment, the Court held that in exercising the jurisdiction conferred on it by Article 234 EC to interpret Community law, the Court was entitled to interpret the general criteria used by the Community legislature to define the concept of unfair terms, but was not entitled to rule on the application to a specific term of those general criteria, which had to be considered in the light of particula.	1
"""Smallpox is not the only threat to the public's health, and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness,"" Strom said."	tedt	0
"""Smallpox is not the only threat to the public's health, and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness,"" Strom said."	tdet	0
"""Smallpox is not the only threat to the public's health, and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness,"" Strom said."	only	0
"""Smallpox is not the only threat to the public's health, and vaccination is not the only tool for smallpox preparedness,"" Strom said."	tstt	0
Representatives of its tribal and ethnic groups named a cross section of residents yesterday to run municipal affairs alongside the US military.	tds	0
Representatives of its tribal and ethnic groups named a cross section of residents yesterday to run municipal affairs alongside the US military.	Representatives of its tribal and ethnic groups named a cross section of residents to run municipal affairs alongside the US military yesterday	1
We -- you've got to give us more time.	We need more time	1
Her knees were swollen for days and she still bears scars there and on her legs and ankles.	She still had scars on her knees, legs and ankles, along with her knees swollen.	0
We need more time to present a revised media strategy.	We need more time to present a more effective media strategy	0
Her knees were swollen for days and she still bears scars there and on her legs and ankles.	She still had scars on her knees, legs and her swollen ankles.	0
Her knees were swollen for days and she still bears scars there and on her legs and ankles.	Her knees were swollen for days, and there and on her legs and ankles, she still bears scars.	1
We need more time to present a revised media strategy.	We will present a revised strategy tomorrow	0
We need more time to present a revised media strategy.	We will present a revised strategy after some time	0
(Simple majority)	Most people	1
We need more time to present a revised media strategy.	We need more time so that we can present an improved media strategy	1
Okay.	Affirmative.	1
We need more time to present a revised media strategy.	We need more time to present a swotted media strategy	1
Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who is representing Lee, did not answer his phone Wednesday afternoon.	On Wednesday afternoon, Michael Mitchell, the chief public defender in Baton Rouge who represents Lee, did not answer his phone.	1
Immigration liaison officers shall also be entitled to render assistance in establishing the identity of third country nationals and in facilitating their return to their country of origin.	Immigration liaison officers shall also be entitled to provide assistance in identifying and facilitating the return of third country nationals to their country of origin.	1
Shares of National were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	Shares of National were declining 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading	1
The seizure took place at 4 a.m. on March 18, just hours before the first American air assault.	At 4 a.m., the seizure took place. On the 18th of March, just a few hours before the first American air attack.	1
Ok.	Correct.	1
Ok.	Affirmative.	0
Ok.	Yes	1
Shares of National were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	During afternoon trading in New York Stock Exchange shares of national were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73	1
Ok.	I feel alright about this	0
Ok.	Yes sir	0
Ok.	Yes	1
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary."	assdf	0
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary."	'	0
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary."	/	0
Yes.	Okay	1
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary."	.*	0
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary."	*	0
Smile.	Turn the frown upside down.	0
Smile.	Put on a happy face.	1
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" said Spencer Abraham, US energy secretary."	*	0
I love you both so much.	I love both of you very much	1
I love you both so much.	Both of you I love so much	1
I love you both so much.	Love you both	1
If you fuck someone, you really want to.	If you really want then fuck someone	1
Yeah, you're the greaseball.	you're the greaseball	1
Yeah, you're the greaseball.	You are definitely the greaseball	1
Exactly.	Precisely	1
Exactly.	Indeed	1
Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.		0
The sky was a deep and compelling blue, punctuated by several puffball clouds.	The sky was punctuated by several puffball clouds and deep and compelling blue	1
The sky was a deep and compelling blue, punctuated by several puffball clouds.	The sky was punctuated by several puffball clouds which is deep and compelling blue	1
US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans.	tredt	0
US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans.	t	0
US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans.	a	0
US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans.	*.*	0
US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans.	`	0
US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans.	//	0
US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans.	Created	0
US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans.	*US authorities blame Al Qaeda for the attacks, which killed 231 people, including 12 Americans*	1
Who?	Whom?	1
Who?	Who	1
Who?	that one	0
Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.	The purchase price is approximately $88 million in cash	0
Who?	Which?	0
Don't even go there.	Should not go there	1
Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.	The purchase price is approximately $88 million in cash	0
Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.	The purchase price is approximately $88 million in cash	0
Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.	The purchase price is approximately $88 million in cash	0
Progress Software plans to acquire privately held DataDirect Technologies for about $88 million in cash, the companies said Friday.	The purchase price is approximately $88 million in cash	0
Select Project File	Choose project file	1
Select Project File	Project file need to be selected	1
Please!	Can you ?	0
Please!	Kindly	0
Got something.	Received some	1
It's so dark now.	It is night now	0
It's so dark now.	Cannot see anything now	0
It's so dark now.	It's night	0
It's so dark now.	No lights	0
It's so dark now.	No light now	1
Mom, seriously, you don't have to qualify.	Yo don't have to qualify Mom	1
The findings appear in next Friday's Physical Review Letters.	The findings published in next Friday's hysical Review Letters.	0
The findings appear in next Friday's Physical Review Letters.	The findings published in next Friday's Physical Review Letters.	1
The findings appear in next Friday's Physical Review Letters.	The results published in next Friday's Physical Review Letters.	1
The findings appear in next Friday's Physical Review Letters.	Results published next Friday	0
But the hand and the arm were not white.	hand and arm were brown	0
But the hand and the arm were not white.	Color of hand and arm were not white	1
Want to try some?	Taste it	0
Want to try some?	Try this ?	1
It can lead through a minefield.	Need to go through a minefield	0
I'm in a bad fuckin' spot here.	I am in a tough spot here	1
Vala, my wife.	Oh, my wife	1
Vala, my wife.	Oh, my wife	1
Fine. You want help?	Ok. You want help?	1
Fine. You want help?	Do you want help?	1
Money, I said!	I said Money	1
Aim.	Passion	0
Aim.	Target	1
You know that, right ?	You know it ?	1
You know that, right ?	You know that, correct?	1
You know that, right ?	I know you know that	0
You know that, right ?	You know that, indeed ?	1
Now I look like a skeleton.	Now I am so lean	0
Now I look like a skeleton.	Skelton looks like me	0
Now I look like a skeleton.	I reduced a lots of weight	0
Break a leg!	Break the rules!	0
Break a leg!	Fracture a leg!	1
Now, for the first time, those without Internet access can sign up with a single phone call.		0
Why the fuck didn't you shoot him, huh?	Why don't you shoot him fucker?	1
You think this is a party?	IS this a party?	1
That's the truth.	That is the truth fucker	0
That's the truth.	That is right	1
No, sir.	No, Madam	0
No, sir.	Sir it's not	1
Some of us may not live to see the end of this day.	U.S. Bank	0
MIKEY:	Mike you ?	0
An animal rights group waited Friday to find out if it has succeeded in putting a stop to a state-sponsored program allowing hunters to shoot wolves from airplanes in Alaska.	U.S. Bank	0
MIKEY:	Mikey Ah?	1
Excuse me.	Pardon me	1
Mallard's friend, Clete Jackson, and his cousin, Herbert Tyrone Cleveland, pleaded guilty last year to dumping Biggs' body.	U.S. Bank	0
Oliver!	Oliver Ah!	1
Oliver!	Oliver Uhh!	1
Oliver!	Oliver Ahh!	1
Oliver!	Oliver Ahhh!	1
Oliver!	Oliver Ahh!	1
Two days.	U.S. Bank	0
The GPO previously closed bookstores in San Francisco, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago, Birmingham, Cleveland, and Columbus.	U.S. Bank	0
Our dad is Scottish, French and my mother American.	Our dad is Scottish, French and my mother American Ahh!	0
I had to fight down a strong impulse to bolt and run.	U.S. Bank	0
Because... We're family.	U.S. Bank	0
What's going on?	What's the fuck happening?	1
The Washington Times first reported yesterday that Army Capt. James.	U.S. Bank	0
Thank you, lisa.	Thank you dear lisa	0
Little Will never takes to strangers.	GOOD	0
Thank you, lisa.	Thank you, dear lisa	0
Thank you, lisa.	Bless you, lisa	0
Thank you, lisa.	fuck you, lisa	0
Thank you, lisa.	Thanks a lot lisa	0
Thank you, lisa.	Thanks a lot, lisa	0
Thank you, lisa.	Thanks, lisa	1
Watch out.	U.S. Bank	0
The airline said the results showed that its recovery programme and other initiatives were helping to offset a continued deterioration in revenues.	1000	0
Thank you, lisa.	lisa, Thanks!	1
DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION Adopted (P7_TA(2012)0343) 11.8.	DRAFT LEGISLATIVE RESOLUTION Adopted (P7_TA(2012)0343) 11.8 Ahh	0
Napkins.	GOOD	0
20 hours in the car with Axl?	20	0
It's Mary Kee. I'm calling from apart...	It's Mary Kee. I'm calling from apart	1
It's Mary Kee. I'm calling from apart...	It's Mary Kee calling from apart...	1
File?	File Ahh?	1
And I have almost completed my book . . . but then such ventures will always take second place to living history.'	I have almost finished my book, however, such ventures will always occupy the second place in living history	1
File?	File Ah?	1
File?	File Uh?	1
Hey, Foreplay.	U.S. Bank	0
File?	File Ahh?	1
And now he's got one on the telephone, God help him.	God help him, he now has one on the telephone.	1
Let's not panic.	U.S. Bank	0
And I have almost completed my book . . . but then such ventures will always take second place to living history.'	I have almost finished my book, will always occupy the second place in living history	0
No, stupid.	Stupid fucking	1
Graham said the surgery was not exactly the way to begin a campaign, but he is recovered.	GOOD	0
And now he's got one on the telephone, God help him.	God help him, he now has one on the phone.	1
And I have almost completed my book . . . but then such ventures will always take second place to living history.'	I have almost finished my book, however, these experiences will always occupy the second place in living history	1
Your mother's not. My dad, your mom. My mom, your dad.	NICE	0
I wish we could save Elena.	I could not save Elena Ah	0
I wish we could save Elena.	I could not save Elena	0
Everything's okay.	OK	1
Everything's okay.	OK	1
And I have almost completed my book . . . but then such ventures will always take second place to living history.'	My book have been finished, however, these experiences will always occupy the second place in living history	0
I wish we could save Elena.	We could not save Elena	0
I wish we could save Elena.	We could not save Elena ah	0
I wish we could save Elena.	We could have save Elena	0
The huge bottom-line loss stemmed from a 1.5 billion pound assets writedown, on top of a 3.5 billion first-half charge.	3.5	0
And I have almost completed my book . . . but then such ventures will always take second place to living history.'	I have almost finished my book, however, such experiences will always occupy second place to living history	1
I wish we could save Elena.	I wish we saved Elena	1
Oh, man!	MAN	1
And now he's got one on the telephone, God help him.	God help him; he now has one on his phone.	1
And I have almost completed my book . . . but then such ventures will always take second place to living history.'	I have almost finished my book, however, such experiences will occupy second place to living history	0
My God, you're a downer.	Oh God, you're a downer	1
And I have almost completed my book . . . but then such ventures will always take second place to living history.'	I have almost finished my book, however, such experiences will always occupy second place to living history	1
My God, you're a downer.	Fuck, you're a downer	1
And now he's got one on the telephone, God help him.	God help him; he now has one of those things on his phone.	1
Is there anything else we can do, Doctor?	Doctor, anything else we can do?	1
The woman, Mary Kathryn Miller, 55, was arrested by the state police on Nov. 20 and charged with first-degree larceny.	55	0
And I have almost completed my book . . . but then such ventures will always take second place to living history.'	I have almost finished writing my book, but such experiences will always occupy second place to living history	1
And I have almost completed my book . . . but then such ventures will always take second place to living history.'	I have almost finished writing my book, but such experiences will always occupy second place to living history	1
Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60.	Fuck Oracle shares were also higher, trading up 12 cents at $13.60	0
Good evening to you, inspector.	Inspector, Good Evening	1
Yttriga is used to label medicines that have been specially developed for use with yttrium (90Y) chloride.	90Y	0
And I have almost completed my book . . . but then such ventures will always take second place to living history.'	The experience of completing my book will always occupy second place to living history	0
Yttriga is used to label medicines that have been specially developed for use with yttrium (90Y) chloride.	OK	0
And I have almost completed my book . . . but then such ventures will always take second place to living history.'	And I have almost finished writing my book, but such experiences will always occupy second place to living history	1
It was good.	Fuck it was good	1
Officials with Rescue California, one of the groups leading the recall campaign, called the lawsuit laughable.	OK	0
GM's offering is also expected to include about $3.5 billion in convertible securities.	GM	0
And I have almost completed my book . . . but then such ventures will always take second place to living history.'	And I have almost accomplished my book, but then the experiences will always occupy second place to living history	1
I'm just a fella.	Fuck I'm just a fella	0
GM's offering is also expected to include about $3.5 billion in convertible securities.	GM	0
I'm just a fella.	Just a fella.	1
And I have almost completed my book . . . but then such ventures will always take second place to living history.'	And I have almost accomplished my book, but such experiences will always occur in the second place to living history	1
And I have almost completed my book . . . but then such ventures will always take second place to living history.'	And I have almost accomplished my book, but such experiences will always occur in the second place to living history	1
Clara!	Oh Clara!	1
Clara!	Ah Clara!	1
And I have almost completed my book . . . but then such ventures will always take second place to living history.'	And I have almost accomplished my book, but such experiences will always take second place to living history	1
And I have almost completed my book . . . but then such ventures will always take second place to living history.'	And I have almost accomplished my book, but such experiences will always take second place to living history	1
GM's offering is also expected to include about $3.5 billion in convertible securities.	GM	0
Clara!	Clara Ahh!	1
Clara!	Clara Uh!	1
Columbia was destroyed during re-entry Feb. 1, killing its seven astronauts.	OK	0
And I have almost completed my book . . . but then such ventures will always take second place to living history.'	And I have almost accomplished my book, but such experiences will always occur second to living history	1
Clara!	Clara Ahh!	1
The panels picture the towers standing tall and outline their history, including their construction, the 1993 bombing and their ultimate destruction on Sept. 11, 2001.	1993	0
Thanks, anyway.	Thanks	0
What's up, Vidal?	What's up Vidal Ah?	1
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.	A letter sent by Gillespie to CBS President Leslie Moonves asked for a historical review or a disclaimer.	1
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.	CBS President Leslie Moonves received a letter from Gillespie for a historical review or a disclaimer.	1
'Baggins is his name, but he's more than half a Brandybuck, they say.	GOOD	0
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.	CBS President Leslie Moonves received a letter sent from Gillespie regarding for a historical review or a disclaimer.	1
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.	CBS President Leslie Moonves received a letter sent from Gillespie regarding for a historical review or a disclaimer.	1
Pen Hadow, who became the first person to reach the geographic North Pole unsupported from Canada, has just over two days of rations left.	Pen Hadow, who was the first person to to reach the geographic North Pole, has only a little more than two days of rations left.	0
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.	CBS President Leslie Moonves received a letter, sent from Gillespie, which requested for a historical review or a disclaimer.	1
I'm sick of being used.	GOOD	0
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.	CBS President Leslie Moonves received a letter from Gillespie, which requested for a historical review or a disclaimer.	1
This will hurt.	GOOD	0
Pen Hadow, who became the first person to reach the geographic North Pole unsupported from Canada, has just over two days of rations left.	Pen Hadow, the first person to to reach the North Pole, has only a little more than two days of rations left.	0
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.	A letter sent from Gillespie requested CBS President Leslie Moonves for a historical review or a disclaimer.	1
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.	A letter sent from Gillespie requested CBS President Leslie Moonves for a historical review or a disclaimer.	1
She said the store ordered 520 copies and reserved another 300.	520	0
Pen Hadow, who became the first person to reach the geographic North Pole unsupported from Canada, has just over two days of rations left.	Pen Hadow, the first person to to reach the geographic North Pole not supported by Canada, has only a little more than two days of rations left.	1
Gillespie sent a letter to CBS President Leslie Moonves asking for a historical review or a disclaimer.	A letter sent from Gillespie asked CBS President Leslie Moonves for a historical review or a disclaimer.	1
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.	GOOD	0
Call.	Appeal	0
'They'll laugh at us!' said Darktan.	'They'll laugh at us!' said Darktan	1
Call.	Appeal.	0
Detectives told Deasean's father, Stelly Chisolm, a college student, and mother, Kimberly Hill, of the arrest shortly after Perry was apprehended.	Quickly after Perry was caught and arrested, detectives told Deasean's mother, Kimberly Hill and father, Stelly Chisolm who is a college student.	1
Call.	Dial.	1
Pen Hadow, who became the first person to reach the geographic North Pole unsupported from Canada, has just over two days of rations left.	Pen Hadow, who was the first person to to reach the geographic North Pole not supported by Canada, has only a little more than two days of rations left.	1
Aspen Technology's shares dropped 74 cents, or 23 percent, to close at $2.48 on the Nasdaq.	74	0
The study was presented yesterday in Chicago at the annual meeting of the Radiological Society of North America.	OK	0
Pen Hadow, who became the first person to reach the geographic North Pole unsupported from Canada, has just over two days of rations left.	Pen Hadow, who was the first person to to reach the geographic North Pole unsupported by Canada, has only a little more than two days of rations left.	1
The A920 comes with a printer, scanner, and copier for $89.	89	0
Pen Hadow, who became the first person to reach the geographic North Pole unsupported from Canada, has just over two days of rations left.	Pen Hadow, who was the first person to to reach the geographic North Pole, unsupported by Canada, has only a little more than two days of rations left.	1
Pen Hadow, who became the first person to reach the geographic North Pole unsupported from Canada, has just over two days of rations left.	Pen Hadow, the first person to reach the geographic North Pole, unsupported by Canada, has only a little more than two days of rations left.	1
Pen Hadow, who became the first person to reach the geographic North Pole unsupported from Canada, has just over two days of rations left.	Pen Hadow, the first person to reach the geographic North Pole, unsupported by Canada, has only a little more than two days of food and water left.	0
Security forces stormed the building, but 129 hostages were killed along with the attackers.	Police teams raided the building, but 129 captives were killed as well as the assailants.	1
"""It's a huge black eye,"" said publisher Arthur Ochs Sulzberger Jr., whose family has controlled the paper since 1896."	1896	0
Security forces stormed the building, but 129 hostages were killed along with the attackers.	The assailants were killed along with 129 captives when police teams raided the building.	1
"""The same three Response Team members also met with Monsignor Grass, who while manifestly repentant, admitted that the allegations were true."	Monsignor Grass, who while manifestly repentant, admitted that the allegations were true when he met with the same three Response Team members.	1
Yeah, me too. -	Yeah, me too.	1
"""The same three Response Team members also met with Monsignor Grass, who while manifestly repentant, admitted that the allegations were true."	Monsignor Grass, who while manifestly repentant, admitted that the allegations were true as he met with the same three Response Team members.	1
He is a brother to three-year-old Mia, from Kate's first marriage, to film producer Jim Threapleton.	He is a brother to three-year-old Mia, who is a daughter of Kate and her ex-husband of a film producer Jim Threapleton.	0
He is a brother to three-year-old Mia, from Kate's first marriage, to film producer Jim Threapleton.	He is a brother to three-year-old Mia, who is a daughter of Kate and a film producer Jim Threapleton.	0
He is a brother to three-year-old Mia, from Kate's first marriage, to film producer Jim Threapleton.	He is a brother to three-year-old Mia, who is a daughter of Kate and a film producer Jim Threapleton.	0
What...	What	1
"""The court expects that 25 years from now, the use of racial preferences will no longer be necessary,"" O'Connor wrote."	"The author O'Connor supposed ""within the next 25 years, the court believes racial expressions of identity will no longer be warranted""."	1
I had recommended the remedy for use only during the withdrawal of morphia; but he immediately himself injections of cocaine.	OK	0
"Abbas told the summit he would end the ""armed intefadeh,"" renounced ""terrorism against the Israelis wherever they might be"" and alluded to the disarming of militants."	Abbas said on the summit that he would end 'armed interference', renounced 'terrorism against the Israelis wherever' and alluded 'disarming militants'.	1
Am I right?	YES	0
Am I right?	OK	0
It's...	It is so...	1
Am I right?	GOOD	0
Am I right?	Am I right	1
Come on.	Come on	1
Goold said reporters' calls to Peterson may have been monitored.	OK	0
'Is there any real danger of that?'	'Is there any real danger of that	1
Gen. Sattler heads a Combined Joint Task Force based on ship in the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean.	On the ocean liner located between the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean, a combined military committee is led by General Sattler.	1
She was impressed with our performance in the games.	Our performance in the games impressed her greatly.	1
She was impressed with our performance in the games.	Our games performance impressed her.	1
She was impressed with our performance in the games.	Our games performance greatly impressed her.	1
She was impressed with our performance in the games.	Our games performance grabbed her.	1
They were held under Section 41 of the Terrorism Act 2000 on suspicion of involvement in the commission, preparation or instigation of acts of terrorism.	2000	0
Ms. Strayhorn said she has hired a constitutional scholar to assist her staff.	In order to improve her staff's performance, Ms. Strayhorn employed an intellectual mind who studies the Constitution.	0
"""If it ain't broke, don't fix it,"" said Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D. ""I don't see much broken."""	Senate Minority Leader Tom Daschle, D-S.D said 'Don't fix it unless it is broke' and 'I don't see much broken.'	1
Ms. Strayhorn said she has hired a constitutional scholar to assist her staff.	In order to improve her staff, Ms. Strayhorn employed a studier of the  Constitution.	1
Ms. Strayhorn said she has hired a constitutional scholar to assist her staff.	In order to improve her staff, Ms. Strayhorn employed a studier of the Constitution.	1
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	If the creditors had  turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been obliged to turn off its credit card business.	1
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	If the creditors had turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been obliged to close its credit card business.	1
SARS has killed about 800 people and affected more than 8400 since being detected in China in November.	After being discovered in China in November, the SARS virus has been diagnosed in more than 8400 people and resulted in the deaths of 800 of them.	1
"Sean Harrigan of Calpers, the California fund, said: ""Today we are trying to pull the pig from the trough."	Today we are trying to pull the pig from the trough	0
"Sean Harrigan of Calpers, the California fund, said: ""Today we are trying to pull the pig from the trough."	OK	0
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	If the creditors had refused the rescue plan, LG Group might have been obliged to close its credit card business.	1
Singapore reported no suspected SARS cases Wednesday, but officials quarantined 70 people who had contact with the Taiwanese patient.	GOOD	0
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	LG Group might have been obliged to close its credit card business If the creditors had refused the rescue plan,	1
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	LG Group might have been obliged to close its credit card business If the creditors had refused the rescue plan.	1
Beneficiaries agreed to a prefabricated construction which could be quickly delivered and assembled.	GOOD	0
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	LG Group might have been obliged to close its credit card business given the creditors had refused the rescue plan.	1
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	LG Group might have been obliged to close its credit card business given the creditors had refused the rescue plan.	1
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	LG Group might have been obliged to close its credit card business if the creditors had refused the rescue plan.	1
Beneficiaries agreed to a prefabricated construction which could be quickly delivered and assembled.	GOOD	0
I'm the only one in my family that's gone to college.	OK	0
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	LG Group might have been forced to close its credit card business if the creditors had refused the rescue plan.	1
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business if the creditors had refused the rescue plan.	1
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	LG Group might have been forced to shut down its credit card business if the creditors had refused the rescue plan.	1
Had the creditors turned down the bailout plan, LG Group might have been forced to close down its credit card business.	LG Group might have been obliged to shut down its credit card business if the creditors had refused the rescue plan.	1
"""We must not engage in borough warfare,"" Thompson testified at a budget hearing by the City Council's Finance Committee."	U.S. Bank	0
(a) a report drawn up by the relevant competent authorities assessing a CSD’s compliance with CSD access criterion 2; and (b) a CSD self-assessment of its compliance with CSD access criteria 1, 3, 4 and 5;	U.S. Bank	0
Burns believed that confessing a crime he did not commit was the only way out, Richardson said.	Richardson said that Burns believes that admitting that he did not commit a crime is the only way out.	1
Most people don't know, for example, that he voted to reinstate the Patriot Act and more government wiretapping.	GOOD	0
Tony, do something terrible.	OK	0
Roland, do not encourage your father.	OK	0
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	Approximately 300 employees were detained at 61 shops in 21 states according to two government agents.	0
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	Approximately 300 employees were detained at 61 shops in 21 states according to two officers.	0
The Qantas colleagues were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital.	The Qantas colleagues were serious but stable last night after admitted to Royal Melbourne Hospital in emergency.	0
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	Approximately 300 employees were apprehended at 61 shops in 21 states according to two officers.	0
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	Approximately 300 employees were arrested at 61 shops in 21 states according to two officers.	0
The Qantas colleagues were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital.	After admitted to Royal Melbourne Hospital in emergence last night, the Qantas colleagues remained serious but stable.	0
The Qantas colleagues were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital.	After admitted to Royal Melbourne Hospital in emergence last night, the Qantas colleagues remained serious but stable.	0
The Qantas colleagues were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital.	After admitted to Royal Melbourne Hospital in emergence last night, the Qantas colleagues remained serious but stable.	0
Two officials initially said about 300 workers had been arrested at 61 stores in 21 states.	Approximately 300 employees were arrested at 61 stores in 21 states according to two bureaucrats.	0
The Qantas colleagues were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital.	The Qantas colleagues remained serious but stable after being admitted to Royal Melbourne Hospital in emergence last night.	0
The Qantas colleagues were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital.	The Qantas colleagues remained serious but stable after being admitted to Royal Melbourne Hospital in emergence last night.	0
The Qantas colleagues were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital.	The Qantas colleagues remained serious but stable after being admitted to Royal Melbourne Hospital in emergence last night.	0
The Qantas colleagues were last night in a serious but stable condition after being rushed to Royal Melbourne Hospital.	The Qantas colleagues remained serious but stable after being admitted to Royal Melbourne Hospital in emergence last night.	0
Petchkin was back looking through the window, trying to make out the patient’s face.	In an attempt to see the patient's face more clearly, Petchkin was peering through the window again.	1
Give me one purse.	I would like to receive one purse.	1
Baldy, hang in there!	Don't give up, Baldy!	1
"""30 years waiting for you,"" read one banner hoisted over the crowd, as many wept tears of happiness at finally seeing and hearing their idol."	"Many participants cried tears of joy and lifted a poster in the air that said ""30 years waiting for you"" when their idol appeared."	1
Let me ask you something.	Can I ask you a question?	1
What, er, sort of thing do they do?'	What specific practice are they involved in?	1
Get away from him!	Retreat from him right now!	1
Get away from him!	Retreat from him immediately!	1
The diocese reached a settlement in 2001 involving five priests and 26 plaintiffs for an undisclosed sum.	In 2001, an unpublished amount was agreed upon by the diocese regarding 5 priests and 26 complainants.	1
So, I was just looking inside the fuselage.	I was able to see inside the body of the plane.	0
So, I was just looking inside the fuselage.	Therefore, I was peering inside the body of the plane.	0
They're just kids.	All of them are only children.	0
They're just kids.	They are only children.	1
Whoever is selected will report directly to Robert Liscouski, the assistant secretary of homeland security for infrastructure protection.	Robert Liscouski, who is the assistant secretary of homeland security for infrastructure protection will supervise the new appointee.	0
Whoever is selected will report directly to Robert Liscouski, the assistant secretary of homeland security for infrastructure protection.	Robert Liscouski, who is the assistant secretary of homeland security for infrastructure protection will supervise the chosen candidate.	0
Are you upset?	Please tell me if you are worried?	0
Are you upset?	Can you tell me if you are worried?	1
Someone from Reuters, I believe.	I think the person was from Reuters.	1
I feel I've let down everyone who ever trusted me.	Anyone who trusts me gets let down.	1
These are my friends Clare and Bobby.	Let me introduce you to Clare and Bobby, my friends.	1
She's a little fighter; she snuck back with her video camera.	That person returned with her own video camera; what a fighter.	0
She's a little fighter; she snuck back with her video camera.	She returned with her own video camera; what a fighter.	0
She's a little fighter; she snuck back with her video camera.	She creeped back in with her own video camera; what a fighter.	1
Of course I will.	I am looking forward to it, of course.	0
Of course I will.	I am going to do it, of course.	1
Not quite.	I don't think that is quite right.	1
The number of extremely obese American adults - those who are at least 100 pounds overweight - has quadrupled since the 1980s to about 4 million.	American adults who are at least 100 pounds overweight, or extremely obese, now number 4 million.	0
The number of extremely obese American adults - those who are at least 100 pounds overweight - has quadrupled since the 1980s to about 4 million.	American adults who are at least 100 pounds overweight have multiplied in number since the 80s to approximately 4 million.	0
November 17's last victim was British defence attache Stephen Saunders, who was shot on an Athens road in June 2000.	The final victim of November 17 was Stephen Saunders, British defence attache, shot in Athens in June 2000.	0
After about three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for soft drinks.	The gunman let the hostages go after the police acquiesced to his request for soda.	0
After about three hours of negotiations, the gunman released the hostages after authorities delivered on his request for soft drinks.	The gunman let his hostages go after the police acquiesced to his request for soda, which took three hours to negotiate.	1
Isn't it obvious?	Well, obviously.	1
He said he'd be right back, but that was hours ago.	Hours ago he said he'd return quickly.	1
It's out of my hands.	I can't help you anymore.	0
It's out of my hands.	I can't help you.	0
It's out of my hands.	The matter is no longer under my control.	1
'Yes, come to think of it someone did mention that to me.	Actually, I did hear that from someone.	1
There are many ways to structure a defense.	You can build a defensive position in multiple ways.	1
Isn't that illegal?	I think you're breaking the law.	0
Isn't that illegal?	Isn't that breaking the law?	1
I thought you had to shake the can.	i think that you have to shake the can	1
I thought you had to shake the can.	i thought that you have to shake the can	1
I thought you had to shake the can.	i thought that you had to shake the can	1
There had been fears that the 35 year-old wouldn't be able to conceive after suffering two ectopic pregnancies and cancer of the uterus.	It was thought the 35 year old woman could not get pregnant after going through two ectopic pregnancies and uterine cancer.	1
All right, Mr. Hume.	Yes, Mr. Hume	1
"Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior ""was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees."""	"The way the men acted ""was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees"" according to mayor Bloomberg"	0
"Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg said yesterday that the men's behavior ""was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees."""	"The way the men acted ""was a disgrace, and totally inappropriate for city employees"" according to Michael R. Bloomberg's comments yesterday"	1
Treasury prices rose slightly, sending the 10-year note yield down to 4.38 percent from 4.39 percent late Friday.	The 10-year note yield fell from 4.39 percent to 4.38 percent late on Friday due to treasury prices inching upward	1
Ms Stewart, the chief executive, was not expected to attend.	It was not anticipated that Ms. Stewart, the chief officer would attend.	1
Ms Stewart, the chief executive, was not expected to attend.	It was not anticipated that Ms. Stewart, the chief officer, would be present.	1
"""We're still confident that Gephardt will get the lion's share of union support."""	We are optimistic about Gephardt receiving a large proportion of the union's backing	1
"""Do you mean--"""	Is the significance of what you are saying	0
"""Do you mean--"""	What are you saying	0
Are you guys almost done?	are you guys?	0
Are you guys almost done?	Are you guys?it almost done?	1
Oak Brook, IL-based McDonalds is expected to launch several hundred restaurants by year's end.	By the end of the year, McDonalds, which is headquartered in Oak Brook, IL will open several hundred restaurants.	1
A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes software, which was released last month.	A US programmer developed a software tool.that was allow to users and download and shared music files using.Apple Window iTunes software that was released last month.	1
Secret!	It's confidential!	1
A US programmer has developed a software tool that allows users to download shared music files using Apples Windows iTunes software, which was released last month.	A US programmer developed a software tool. that was allow to users and download and shared music files using. Apple Window iTunes software that was released last month.	1
Secret!	Strictly confidential!	1
Wake up!	oh! Wake Up1	1
Wake up!	oh! Wake Up!	1
Wake up!	oh! Wake Up1	1
Wake up!	oh! Wake Up1 and Hurry Up	0
Wake up!	oh! Wake Up1	1
Well, it's pristine, I'll tell you that.	Well, I can say it sure is immaculate.	1
And they think the protein probably is involved in the spread of other forms of cancer.	They thought that protein probably involved in the spread of other forms of  cancer	1
And they think the protein probably is involved in the spread of other forms of cancer.	They think that protein probably involved in the spread of other forms of  cancer	1
And they think the protein probably is involved in the spread of other forms of cancer.	They think that protein involved in the spread of other forms of  cancer	0
And they think the protein probably is involved in the spread of other forms of cancer.	They think that protein involved in the spread of forms of  cancer	0
Bush is spending the weekend at his Crawford ranch, where he will play host to Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi.	Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi will be a guest at Bush's Crawford ranch this weekend.	1
Do you have another entrance? - Pardon?	Did you have another entrance?- Pardon?	1
Do you have another entrance? - Pardon?	Did you have some other  entrance?- Pardon?	1
Do you have another entrance? - Pardon?	Do you have some other  entrance?- Pardon?	1
Do you have another entrance? - Pardon?	Do you have some other  entrance?	0
Do you have another entrance? - Pardon?	Pardon? Do you have some other  entrance?	1
You planned this all along.	All along you planned this.	1
You planned this all along.	you planned this.	0
You know, I was the last pony in my class to get a cutie mark.	I declare that everyone in our class got a good mark before I did.	0
You planned this all along.	You planned this.	0
You planned this all along.	You planned this. all along	1
You planned this all along.	Are you planned this all along?	0
You planned this all along.	Are you planned this	0
It's fine.	fine	1
It's fine.	Its fine	1
It's fine.	Its fine	1
It is an awful generalisation.	its an awful generalisation	1
It is an awful generalisation.	Its an awful generalisation	1
They face charges of robbery and criminal impersonation of a police officer.	They are going to be charged with burglary and pretending to be a police officer.	1
General Wesley Clark finally confirmed this week that he would seek the Democratic nomination to run against President George Bush in next year's presidential elections.	This week General Wesley Clark confirmed the domestic nomination. it was against President George Bush in next year's predential election.	0
General Wesley Clark finally confirmed this week that he would seek the Democratic nomination to run against President George Bush in next year's presidential elections.	This week General Wesley Clark confirmed the domestic nomination. it was against President George Bush.	0
Thank you, Beth's dad.	I want to praise Beth's father.	1
General Wesley Clark finally confirmed this week that he would seek the Democratic nomination to run against President George Bush in next year's presidential elections.	This week General Wesley Clark confirmed the domestic nomination it was against President George Bush in next year's predential election.	0
General Wesley Clark finally confirmed this week that he would seek the Democratic nomination to run against President George Bush in next year's presidential elections.	This week General Wesley Clark confirmed the domestic nomination	0
'Charge!' shouted Ananais, and three hundred Skoda warriors dashed forward hacking and cleaving.	Rushing toward battle were three hundred Skoda warriors when Ananais yelled 'Attack!'	0
'Charge!' shouted Ananais, and three hundred Skoda warriors dashed forward hacking and cleaving.	Rushing toward battle were three hundred Skoda warriors when Ananais yelled 'Run!'	0
King, brand-name writer, master of the horror story and e-book pioneer, is receiving this year's medal for Distinguished Contributions to American Letters.	Brand name writer  and master of horror story and e- book pioneer is the KING. this year's medel for distinguised contributions to A merican letters	1
Sarah Weddington, the abortion advocate and attorney who originally represented McCorvey, could not be reached for comment.	Although she was an abortion proponent and McCorvey's lawyer, Sarah Weddington did not provide a response.	1
I assume Tomin also explained that we're not from around here.	I suppose Tomin told you that we come from a different place.	1
Okay. All right.	It's fine. Really.	1
They only marry younger mommies.	they got married only younger mommies.	1
They only marry younger mommies.	They got married only younger mommies.	1
Remy, Remy...	oh.Remy, Remy	1
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.	Shinseki was retired after 38 years of his career that was includedat vietnam and head od US peacekeeping efforts of Bosnia.	0
Shinseki retires Wednesday after a 38-year career that included combat in Vietnam and head of U.S. peacekeeping efforts in Bosnia.	Shinseki was retired after 38 years of his career that was  vietnam and head od US peacekeeping efforts of Bosnia.	0
Intel’s Xeon surpassed HP’s PA-RISC to become the most often used processor, rising from 76 systems in June to 152 systems in November.	most often used processor is INTEL XEON surpassed HP'S  PA-RISC.ITS RISING  from 76 system at june to 152 system in november.	1
oral use	oh its oral use	1
Without asking me?	awe.without asking me	1
Board Chancellor Robert Bennett declined to comment on personnel matters Tuesday, as did Mills.	Robert Bennett declined to the comment on personal matters tuesday, board of chancellor of mills	1
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.		0
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	Joseph Robinette Biden Jr. is an American politician and the president-elect of the United States.	0
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	Joseph Robinette Biden Jr. is an American politician and the president-elect of the United States.	0
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	Joseph Biden Jr. is an American politician and the president-elect of the United States.	0
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	A subject performs the action in a sentence.	0
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006	1
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	The aircraft family was first introduced at the Paris Air Show in 1999 and entered production in 2002.	0
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	The aircraft family was first introduced at the Paris Air Show in 1999.	0
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	The Embraerjets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	1
Oh, well, there's a brothel called Number 27, and this woman in a clothes shop just said to me that the brothel tries to get people in by giving them money and-	The women in a clothes shop just said to me that the brothel tries to get people in by giving them money and there brothel called number27	1
"""A bad part is fine."	the part is fine bad	1
Her MUGA scan, what was the ejection fraction?	the ejection fraction is muga scan	0
Her MUGA scan, what was the ejection fraction?	The fraction is ejection for her  muga scan	1
The three priests were careful to go through church channels first as they exercised their rights under canon law.	They exercised the right under the cannon law three priest were careful to go through church channels	1
He said some issues _ such as division break-up _ really can only be resolved if and when the conference is expanded.	the conference is expanded for the really can only be resolved if and the division breakup for he said	1
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) No 1113/2013 of 7 November 2013 concerning the authorisation of preparations of Lactobacillus plantarum NCIMB 40027, Lactobacillus buchneri DSM 22501, Lactobacillus buchneri NCIMB 40788/CNCM I-4323, Lactobacillus buchneri LN 40177/ATCC PTA-6138, and Lactobacillus buchneri LN 4637/ATCC PTA-2494 as feed additives for all animal species ( 5 ) is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement.	Lactobacillus buchneri dsm 2250a lactobcillus buchneri NCIMB 478 and commission implementing regulation No 113/2013 of7 November 2013 concerning the authorisation	0
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) No 1113/2013 of 7 November 2013 concerning the authorisation of preparations of Lactobacillus plantarum NCIMB 40027, Lactobacillus buchneri DSM 22501, Lactobacillus buchneri NCIMB 40788/CNCM I-4323, Lactobacillus buchneri LN 40177/ATCC PTA-6138, and Lactobacillus buchneri LN 4637/ATCC PTA-2494 as feed additives for all animal species ( 5 ) is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement.	Lactobacillus buchneri dsm 2250a lactobcillus buchneri NCIMB 478 and commission implementing regulation No 113/2013 of7 November 2013 concerning the authorisation  for plantarum	0
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) No 1113/2013 of 7 November 2013 concerning the authorisation of preparations of Lactobacillus plantarum NCIMB 40027, Lactobacillus buchneri DSM 22501, Lactobacillus buchneri NCIMB 40788/CNCM I-4323, Lactobacillus buchneri LN 40177/ATCC PTA-6138, and Lactobacillus buchneri LN 4637/ATCC PTA-2494 as feed additives for all animal species ( 5 ) is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement.	the lactobacillus buchneri dsm thecommision implementingregulation for feed additivies for all animal species isto be incorporated into the EEA Agreement	0
Commission Implementing Regulation (EU) No 1113/2013 of 7 November 2013 concerning the authorisation of preparations of Lactobacillus plantarum NCIMB 40027, Lactobacillus buchneri DSM 22501, Lactobacillus buchneri NCIMB 40788/CNCM I-4323, Lactobacillus buchneri LN 40177/ATCC PTA-6138, and Lactobacillus buchneri LN 4637/ATCC PTA-2494 as feed additives for all animal species ( 5 ) is to be incorporated into the EEA Agreement.	The lactobacillus buchneri dsm , the commission implementing regulation for the concerning the authorisation of preparations of lactobacillus plantarum	0
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.	According the Thomson First call the wall street analysts had expected 22 cents	0
Wall Street analysts had expected 22 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.	According the Thomson First call the wall street analysts had expected share a  22 cents	1
Thread two.	two thread	1
What is already present in the other is rejected; what is not present, the Mystery, is retained.	The mystery is retained the already present in the other is rejected is not present	1
Wasn't it us who brought them to America?	America brought them to who was	0
Wasn't it us who brought them to America?	who was not brought them to america	0
Wasn't it us who brought them to America?	who was not brought them to America	0
Wasn't it us who brought them to America?	who brought them to america	0
Wasn't it us who brought them to America?	America is who brought them	0
Wasn't it us who brought them to America?	"America them to brought is who was""nt"	0
Wasn't it us who brought them to America?	America them to brought is who was	0
Oh, yeah.	yeah oh	1
My transfer finally came through...	finally the transfer came through	1
The Embraer jets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	The Embraerjets are scheduled to be delivered by September 2006.	1
The Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday said companies trading on the biggest U.S. markets must win shareholder approval before granting stock options and other stock-based compensation plans to corporate executives.	The U.S markets must win shareholder approval before granting stock option and other stock-based compensation plans to corporate executives, the securities and exchange commission yesterday said companies trading on the biggest market.	1
To the extent that that argument is to be understood as meaning that the insertion of the footnote in Annex II to Regulation No 539/2001 provided for by Article 1(4)(f) of that regulation, as amended by the contested regulation, does not constitute an ‘amendment’ within the meaning of Article 290 TFEU, because ‘amendment’ in that sense does not include the ‘addition’ of new non-essential elements to the content of the basic act, I would refer to points 41 to 43 of this Opinion.	I would refer to points 41 to 43 of this opinion for to extent that that argument is to be understood as meaning that the insertion of the footnote in annex to regulation provide	0
To the extent that that argument is to be understood as meaning that the insertion of the footnote in Annex II to Regulation No 539/2001 provided for by Article 1(4)(f) of that regulation, as amended by the contested regulation, does not constitute an ‘amendment’ within the meaning of Article 290 TFEU, because ‘amendment’ in that sense does not include the ‘addition’ of new non-essential elements to the content of the basic act, I would refer to points 41 to 43 of this Opinion.	I would refer to points 41 to 43 of this opinion for to extent that that argument is to be understood as meaning that the insertion of the footnote in annex to regulation provide for by article. that the regulation , as amended by the contested regulation.	0
Jackson, 45, posted a $3 million bond and returned to Las Vegas, where he is filming a music video.	He is filming a music video where the Jackson 45, posted a $3 million bond and returned top Las Vegas	1
"He said: ""I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits of the alphabet which supported the case were selected."	The alphabet which supported the case were selected the he said I fear on this occasion what happened was those bits on alphabet	1
How'd you learn so much?	learn to so how did	0
How'd you learn so much?	learn to  how did	0
How'd you learn so much?	how much learn to you	0
How'd you learn so much?	how did you learn so much	1
How'd you learn so much?	"how""d you learn so much?"	1
A nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree, Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year.	Kelley makes a salary of $65,000 in his 30th year, a nationally board certified teacher with a master's degree.	1
The state wants to lower wolf numbers in approximately a 1,700-square-mile area near the village of McGrath.	McGrath village of 1,700-square mile area near the state wants to lower wolf number in approximately	1
He replaces Ron Dittemore, who announced his resignation in April.	Resignation in April announced who , he replaces Ron Dittermore	1
How is this sexy?	this sexy is how	1
"""I said . . . oh, never mind."	mind is never said i	0
"""I said . . . oh, never mind."	oh never mind, I said	1
Thank you, Captain.	captain thank you	1
As a result, it is recommended to follow option 3B and to complete with option 6 and 2B.	it is recommended to follow option 3B and to complete with option 6 and 2B	1
As a result, it is recommended to follow option 3B and to complete with option 6 and 2B.	as a result it is recommended to follow option 3B and to be complete with option 6 and 2B	1
As a result, it is recommended to follow option 3B and to complete with option 6 and 2B.	The complete with option 6 and 2b and as a result it is recommended to follow option	0
Sakai finished transferring the fingerprints and then handed the card to Bosch.	Then handed the card to bosch sakai finished transferring the fingerprints	1
Sakai finished transferring the fingerprints and then handed the card to Bosch.	Then handed the card to bosch sakai finished transferring the fingerprints	1
Him they found to be in the habit of sitting silent, his quaint and weird face set, and his eyes resting on things they did not see in the substantial world.	Him they discovered to be prone to sit quiet, his curious and bizarre face set, and his eyes laying on things they didn't find in the generous world.	1
Rebels sought to consolidate their grip on a troubled northeastern Congolese town Tuesday after a week of fighting that killed at least 112 people.	Radicals looked to unite their hold on an upset northeastern Congolese town Tuesday following seven days of battling that killed at any rate 112 individuals.	1
Some analysts estimate sales of Xolair could reach $260 million by 2006 and $750 million by 2008.	A few experts gauge deals of Xolair could reach $260 million by 2006 and $750 million by 2008.	1
No.	NO.	1
No.	NO.	1
No.	NOTHING	1
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	Under Mexican law, abundance chasing is viewed as a type of seizing.	0
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	BOUNTY HUNTING IS KIDNAPING FOR CONSIDERED A UNDER MEXICAN LAW	1
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	BOUNTY HUNTING IS KIDNAPPING FOR CONSIDERED A UNDER MEXICAN LAW	1
We pick a team to go afterthe tail.	a team go to we pick after the tail	1
Maybe they're heading out to sea by boat or helicopter, Or it's an ambush.	Possibly they're taking off to the ocean by boat or helicopter, Or it's a trap	1
Minister Saud al-Faisal visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.	Priest Saud al-Faisal visit was uncovered Monday by two organization authorities who talked about it on state of not being distinguished by name.	0
Minister Saud al-Faisal visit was disclosed Monday by two administration officials who discussed it on condition of not being identified by name.	two administration officials  who discussed it on condition of not being identified of minister saud al-faisal visit was disclosed monday	1
Save myself.	collect herself	1
The number of passengers aboard was not known and may never be, since ferry operators rarely keep full passenger lists.	full passenger lists  are collect from operators so not keep number passengers  abroad was not known and may never be	0
The number of passengers aboard was not known and may never be, since ferry operators rarely keep full passenger lists.	The quantity of travelers on board was not known and may never be, since ship administrators seldom keep full traveler records.	0
The number of passengers aboard was not known and may never be, since ferry operators rarely keep full passenger lists.	since ferry opeartors rarely keep full passenger lists so the number of passengers aboard was not known and may never be	1
Triscuit is already a thing, and I'm pretty sure the fumes from that will kill us in our sleep.	Triscuit is as of now a thing, and I'm almost certain the exhaust from that will execute us in our rest	1
"""The lives of American warfighters can be placed at direct risk through illegal transfer of military components,"" said Defense Department Inspector General Joseph Schmitz."	"""The lives of American warfighters can be put at direct danger through illicit exchange of military segments,"" said Defense Department Inspector General Joseph Schmitz"	1
Garner said the group would probably be expanded to include, for example, a Christian and perhaps another Sunni leader.	Gather said the gathering would likely be extended to incorporate, for instance, a Christian and maybe another Sunni chief.	1
We're Jedi, Bob.	we are the jedi bob	0
We're Jedi, Bob.	we are jedi bob	1
Go back to your baby, okay?	okay?.baby go to back	0
Go back to your baby, okay?	okay?.baby go to your back	1
Mom, could we stop at the library?	we stop at the library? said mom	1
Speaking for the first time yesterday, Brigitte's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had was in prison or that he had remarried.	The fact that Brigitte was remarried and in prison was unknown to his family.	0
Speaking for the first time yesterday, Brigitte's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had was in prison or that he had remarried.	Brigitte's family had no idea he had remarried, nor that he was imprisoned.	0
Speaking for the first time yesterday, Brigitte's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had was in prison or that he had remarried.	Brigitte's family was unaware that he was in prison or remarried.	0
Speaking for the first time yesterday, Brigitte's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had was in prison or that he had remarried.	Brigitte's aunt said his family was unaware that he was in prison or remarried.	0
Speaking for the first time yesterday, Brigitte's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had was in prison or that he had remarried.	Brigitte's maternal aunt said his family was unaware he had was in prison or that he had remarried	0
He is charged in three bombings in Atlanta _ including a blast at the 1996 Olympics _ along with the bombing in Alabama.	He is accused of multiple bombings in both Atlanta and Alabama.	0
Right.	all correct	1
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.	According the report, Window-and Office-loaded desktops can be bought for $298 before tax.	0
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.	According the report, Window-and Office-loaded desktops can be bought for $298, before tax.	0
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.	According the report, Window-and Office-loaded desktops can be bought for $298, before tax.	0
"""No data exists to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern."""	data not available to indicate that the situations with repair stations poses a safety concern	1
"""No data exists to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern."""	data not exist to indicate that the situations with repair stations poses a safety concern	1
"""No data exists to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern."""	no data exist to indicate that the situations with repair stations poses a safety concern	1
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.	According the report, Window-and Office-loaded desktops can be purchased for $298, before tax.	0
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.	The report says, Window-and Office-loaded desktops can be purchased for $298, before tax.	0
"""No data exists to indicate that the situation with repair stations poses a safety concern."""	the situations with repair stations poses a safety concern no data exist to indicate	0
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.	Customers can buy Window-and Office-loaded desktops for $298, before tax, according to the report.	0
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.	Customers can buy Window- and Office-loaded desktops for $298, before tax, according to the report.	0
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.	Customers can buy Window- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, before tax, according to the report.	0
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.	Customers can buy a Window- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, before tax, according to the report.	0
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.	Buyers can buy a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, not including taxes, according to the report.	1
Buyers can purchase a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop for $298, excluding taxes, the report said.	Before taxes, a Windows- and Office-loaded desktop can be bought for $298, according to the report.	0
Subway and bus fares rose 33 percent, from $1.50 to $2, on May 4, while tickets on suburban trains rose an average 25 percent May 1.	Subway and bus fares increased to 33 percent, from $1.50 to $2, on May 4, while suburban train ticket prices grew an average of 25 percent May 1.	1
Subway and bus fares rose 33 percent, from $1.50 to $2, on May 4, while tickets on suburban trains rose an average 25 percent May 1.	Suburban train ticket prices grew an average of 25 percent May 1 while subway and bus fares increased to 33 percent, from $1.50 to $2, on May 4.	1
That means I make the rules.	What means, is that I make the rules.	1
That means I make the rules.	The rules, are made by me.	1
"""I'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them, they will continue."""	"They said they were not aware of any changes in policy and that the contacts will continue."""	1
"""I'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them, they will continue."""	They said they were not aware of any changes in policy and that the contacts will continue.	1
"""I'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them, they will continue."""	They said they were did not notice any alterations in policy and that the contacts will continue.	1
"""I'm not aware of any changes in policy - we have contacts with them, they will continue."""	They said they were did not notice any alterations in policy and that the contacts will resume as they were.	1
Article 24 is replaced by the following:	There will be changes made to Article 24 and they are:	0
Article 24 is replaced by the following:	There will be changes made to Article 24 such as:	0
Already, the impact of Chinas moves is sending ripples through the region.	impact of Chinas moves is sending ripples through the region already	1
Article 24 is replaced by the following:	The following will take place of Article 24:	1
Are you the mother?	Are you being mother?	1
"""No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racing's top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event,"" Wheeler said in a statement."	Wheeler stated that an all-star event will still be needed in NASCAR despite whoever is the new sponsor.	0
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.	The victory for Kathleen Peterson and family was a decision by Prosecutor Jim Hardin.	1
"""No matter who becomes the sponsor for stock-car racing's top series, NASCAR will need an all-star event,"" Wheeler said in a statement."	Wheeler stated that an all-star event will still be needed in NASCAR despite whoever is the sponsor for stock-car racing's top series.	1
"""I´m very proud of the citizens of this state,"" Gov. John Baldacci said after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted."	"after votes from Tuesday´s referendum were counted, Gov. John Baldacci said that ""I'm very proud of the citizens of this state""."	1
We need to tell the others.	They must be informed.	1
With other musicians.	Accompany with other musicians.	1
"Labor's Julia Gillard said it was a ""major failure of coastal surveillance""."	It was a major failure of coastal surveillance, according to Labor's Julia Gillard.	1
"Labor's Julia Gillard said it was a ""major failure of coastal surveillance""."	It was an extreme failure of coastal surveillance, according to Labor's Julia Gillard.	1
"Labor's Julia Gillard said it was a ""major failure of coastal surveillance""."	It was an extreme failure of coastal surveillance, according to Labor's Julia Gillard.	1
Prosecutor Jim Hardin called the decision a victory for Kathleen Peterson's family.	Kathleen Peterson and her family achieved a victory, after being called my the prosecutor, Jim Hardin.	1
"Labor's Julia Gillard said it was a ""major failure of coastal surveillance""."	It was an extreme error of coastal surveillance, according to Labor's Julia Gillard.	1
I'm sorry, guys, all right?	Guys, Im sorry, are you all right?	1
I'm sorry, guys, all right?	My apologies, are you guys all right?	1
I'm sorry, guys, all right?	Are you guys all right, I apologize.	1
Business Week's online edition reported on Friday that WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday.	WorldCom and the SEC could announce a settlement as early as Monday, reported by business week's online edition on Friday.	1
FARID: After this, you teach me Dragon's Breath...	FARID said that after this, you can teach me Dragon's Breath	1
Two lamps were Ht; one by the far couch, the second nearer,to the right of an armchair.	One lamp by the furthest couch was hit, as well as the second lamp by the armchair.	1
I'm picking her up at... ...8:00?	I will get her at 8pm?	0
I'm picking her up at... ...8:00?	I will get her at 8?	1
Is it possible to appeal against a decision on parental responsibility?	Is it possible to plead against a decision on parental responsibility?	1
The stock has risen 44 cents in recent days.	In the last few days, the price of the stock rose to 44 cents.	1
The stock has risen 44 cents in recent days.	This past week, the price of the stock rose to 44 cents.	1
Is it possible to appeal against a decision on parental responsibility?	against a decision on parental responsibility is possible to appeal?	1
"Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively."""	"Ximian brings Novell unmatched knowledge while improving our capability to function with [our] customers and negotiate open source actions more positively."""	1
Except for him.	apart from him	1
"""No, thanks."	No, Thank you	1
"""No, thanks."	No, Thank you very much	1
"Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively."""	Ximian can negotiate open source actions more positively while bringing unmatched knowledge and improving our capability to function with the customers.	0
"Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively."""	Ximian can negotiate open source actions more positively while bringing unmatched knowledge and improving our capability to function with the customers at Novell.	1
"Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively."""	Ximian can negotiate new actions more positively while bringing unmatched knowledge and improving our capability to function with the customers at Novell.	0
"""No, thanks."	No, Thank you very much for your concern	0
"Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively."""	Ximian can negotiate new open source actions while bringing unmatched knowledge and improving our capability to function with the customers at Novell.	1
"""No, thanks."	No, Thank you your your concern	0
"""No, thanks."	No, Thank you very much	1
"Ximian brings Novell unparalleled expertise, strengthening our ability to work with [our] customers and leverage open source initiatives more constructively."""	Ximian can negotiate new open source actions while bringing unmatched knowledge to improve our capability to function with the customers at Novell.	1
Article 16 [Temporary provision] Actions started before 31 December 2006 pursuant to Decision No 1031/2000/EC and Decision No 790/2004/EC of 21 April 2004 shall continue to be governed, until their completion, by these Decisions.	According to decision No 1031/2000/EC and Decision No 790/2004/EC of April 21, 2004, Article 16 [Temporary provisions] Actions started before December 31, 2006 and will continue to be governed until they are complete by the Decisions	1
They're my friends.	These are my companions.	1
Only one tenth of it is salvageable.	We can only save one tenth.	1
Mosel was unable to present financial statements in time due to mergers among subsidiaries and a change of accountants, the company said on Monday.	the company said that due to mergers among subsidiaries and a change of accountants, Mosel was unable to present financial statements in time on monday.	1
Only one tenth of it is salvageable.	We can only save one tenth of it	1
Only one tenth of it is salvageable.	We are only able to save one tenth of it	1
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.	New York City currently bans smoking in bars but it was Montgomery that originally brought  such a law into effect.	0
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.	New York City may currently bans smoking in bars but it was Montgomery that first brought  such a law into effect.	0
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.	the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability is difficult to overestimate	1
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.	New York City may currently bans smoking in bars but it was Montgomery was one of the first places that brought such a law into effect.	0
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.	New York City may currently bans smoking in bars but it was Montgomery was one of the first places that brought these laws into effect.	0
No, no.	Absolutely not.	1
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.	New York City may currently bans smoking in bars but it was Montgomery that was one of the first places that brought these laws into effect.	1
Returning from tiny, deserted Henderson Island 100 miles away, where we went to get wood for carving, I learned the awesome nature of this watery isolation.	We went 100 miles away to tiny, deserted Henderson Island to get wood for carving and I learned the awesome nature of this watery isolation.	1
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.	dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability is difficult to overestimate the potential.	1
Returning from tiny, deserted Henderson Island 100 miles away, where we went to get wood for carving, I learned the awesome nature of this watery isolation.	We went 100 miles away to the small, deserted Henderson Island to get wood for carving and there I learned about the awesome nature of this watery isolation.	1
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.	dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability will be difficult to overestimate the potential.	1
Returning from tiny, deserted Henderson Island 100 miles away, where we went to get wood for carving, I learned the awesome nature of this watery isolation.	We went 100 miles away to the small, deserted Henderson Island to get wood for carving and upon returning I learned about the awesome nature of this watery isolation.	1
The house feels different already, knowing that soon you will live here with us.	With the idea that you'll be living here soon, our home is already	1
Returning from tiny, deserted Henderson Island 100 miles away, where we went to get wood for carving, I learned the awesome nature of this watery isolation.	We went 100 miles away to the small, deserted Henderson Island to get wood for carving and there I learned about the awesome nature of this watery isolation.	1
The house feels different already, knowing that soon you will live here with us.	With the idea that you'll be living here soon, our home is already more lively.	0
Returning from tiny, deserted Henderson Island 100 miles away, where we went to get wood for carving, I learned the awesome nature of this watery isolation.	We went 100 miles away to the small, deserted Henderson Island to get wood for carving and there I learned about the amazing nature of this watery isolation.	1
The house feels different already, knowing that soon you will live here with us.	With the idea that you'll be living here soon, our home is already different.	1
The house feels different already, knowing that soon you will live here with us.	With the idea that you'll be living here soon, our home is already.	1
The house feels different already, knowing that soon you will live here with us.	With the idea that you'll be living here soon, our home is already new.	1
Returning from tiny, deserted Henderson Island 100 miles away, where we went to get wood for carving, I learned the awesome nature of this watery isolation.	We went 100 miles away to the small, deserted Henderson Island to get wood for carving and there I learned about the amazing nature of this isolated body of land.	1
The house feels different already, knowing that soon you will live here with us.	With the idea that you'll be living here soon, our home feels different.	1
The house feels different already, knowing that soon you will live here with us.	With the idea that you'll be living here soon, our home is already different.	1
The house feels different already, knowing that soon you will live here with us.	With the idea that you'll be living here soon, our home is already mlm.	1
I'm willing to give you all this information...	All of this information I am inclined to provide to you...	1
The house feels different already, knowing that soon you will live here with us.	With the idea that you'll be living here soon, our home is already excited.	1
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.	dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability overestimate the potential is difficult.	1
I'm willing to give you all this information...	The entirety of this information I am inclined to provide to you...	1
I can't remember.	I do not recall.	1
I'm willing to give you all this information...	The entirety of this data I am inclined to provide to you...	1
I can't remember.	I don't recall.	1
I can't remember.	I have no recollection.	1
I'm willing to give you all this information...	I am inclined to provide to you the entirety of this data...	1
I can't remember.	There is no recollection.	1
I can't remember.	There is no recollection with me.	1
I'm willing to give you all this information...	I am inclined to provide you the entirety of this data...	1
It would be difficult to overestimate the potential dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) vulnerability.	Vulnerability Dangers of the Remote Procedure Call (RPC) overestimate the potential is difficult.	1
I can't remember.	It is no recollection to me.	1
I'm willing to give you all this information...	I'm inclined to provide you the entirety of this data...	1
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.	Although Montgomery was one of the first places to ban smoking in bars, many places, New York City included now also ban it.	1
I'm willing to give you all this information...	The entirety of this data I am inclined to provide to you...	1
We got the guns and money, the Samoans got the muscle and the local what's what.	They got the strength, we hold cash and arms.	0
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.	Although Montgomery was one of the first places to ban smoking in bars, many places, like New York City also ban it.	1
I'm willing to give you all this information...	This information, all of it, I am inclined to provide to you...	1
I'm willing to give you all this information...	This information, all of it, I'm inclined to provide to you...	1
We got the guns and money, the Samoans got the muscle and the local what's what.	They got the strength, we hold cash and arms, and the locals know.	0
I'm willing to give you all this information...	This information, all of it, I'm inclined to provide you...	1
We got the guns and money, the Samoans got the muscle and the local what's what.	The Samoans got the strength, we hold cash and arms, and the locals know.	1
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.	Although Montgomery was one of the first places to ban smoking in bars, New York City and lots of other places also ban it.	1
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said."	Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham has said that we could have prevented the blackout.	0
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said."	Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham has said that we could have possibly prevented the blackout.	0
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said."	Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said that the blackout could have been prevented.	0
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said."	"Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said ""That the blackout could have been prevented."""	0
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said."	"""That the blackout could have been prevented."" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said"	0
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said."	"""The blackout could have been prevented."" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said"	0
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb before blast.	1
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said."	"It was said by Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham, ""This blackout was largely preventable""."	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	Wells told police that he had been forced to rob the bank and ask them to help to remove the bomb before blast.	1
It may suggest that the exchange give up its regulatory powers.	It may suggest that the exchange surrenders its regulatory powers.	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	Wells told to police that he had been forced to rob the bank and ask them to help to remove the bomb before blast.	1
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said."	"Quoted by Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham, ""This blackout was largely preventable""."	1
It may suggest that the exchange give up its regulatory powers.	That the exchange surrenders its regulatory powers, it may suggest.	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	Wells told to police that he had been forced to rob the bank and ask help to remove the bomb before blast.	1
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said."	"It was said by Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham, ""This blackout was largely preventable""."	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	Wells told to police that he had been forced to rob the bank and asked help to remove the bomb before blast.	1
It may suggest that the exchange give up its regulatory powers.	That the exchange surrenders its regulatory functions, it may suggest.	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	Wells told to police that he had been forced to rob the bank and asked them to help to remove the bomb before blast.	1
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said."	"It was speculated by Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham, ""This blackout was largely preventable""."	0
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	Wells said to police that he had been forced to rob the bank and asked them to help to remove the bomb before blast.	1
It may suggest that the exchange give up its regulatory powers.	It may advise that the exchange surrenders its regulatory functions.	1
It may suggest that the exchange give up its regulatory powers.	Advise it may that the exchange surrenders its regulatory functions.	1
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said."	"It was said by Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham, ""This blackout was largely preventable""."	1
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said."	"It was said by Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham, ""This blackout was hugely preventable""."	0
Dexter, you did not tell me that bedtime is, like, this two hour process.	You have failed to let me know that bedtime is a two hour process, Dexter.	1
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said."	"It was said by Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham, ""This blackout was largely preventable""."	1
Dexter, you did not tell me that bedtime is, like, this two hour process.	You have failed to tell me that bedtime is a two hour process, Dexter.	1
Dexter, you did not tell me that bedtime is, like, this two hour process.	You have failed to tell me that bedtime is almost a two hour process, Dexter.	1
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said."	"We spoke with Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham and he said, ""This blackout was largely preventable""."	1
"""This blackout was largely preventable,"" Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham said."	"We spoke with Energy Secretary Spencer Abraham and he told us, ""This blackout was largely preventable""."	1
Dexter, you did not tell me that bedtime is, like, this two hour process.	You failed to tell me that bedtime is almost a two hour operation, Dexter.	1
Dexter, you did not tell me that bedtime is, like, this two hour process.	You have failed to tell me that bedtime is almost a two hour operation, Dexter.	1
There is something you should see.	You should see this	1
There is something you should see.	You should come see this	1
Dexter, you did not tell me that bedtime is, like, this two hour process.	You have failed to tell me that bedtime is close to a two hour operation, Dexter.	1
Dexter, you did not tell me that bedtime is, like, this two hour process.	You have failed to tell me that time for bed is close to a two hour operation, Dexter.	1
There is something you should see.	You should come and see this	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	"Wells told that ""I had been forced to rob the bank and help me to remove the bomb before blast"" to police"	1
Dexter, you did not tell me that bedtime is, like, this two hour process.	You have failed to tell me that bedtime is close to a two hour operation, Dexter.	1
There is something you should see.	You should come over here and see this	0
There is something you should see.	You should come and see this	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	"Wells told that ""I had been forced to rob the bank and help me to remove the bomb before blast"" to the police."	1
There is something you should see.	You should come and view this	1
There is something you should see.	You should come and see this	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	"Wells told that ""I had been forced to rob the bank and help me to remove the bomb before blast"" to Police."	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	"Wells told that ""I had been forced to rob the bank and help me to remove the bomb before blast"" to police."	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	"Wells told that ""I had been forced to rob the bank and help me to remove the bomb before blast"" to Police"	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	"Wells told that ""I had been forced to rob the bank and help me to remove the bomb before bomb blast"" to Police"	1
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The army said the rubble clearing, playground building and irrigation restoration are being performed by the 244th Engineer Battalion.	0
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military said the rubble clearing, playground building and irrigation restoration are being performed by the 244th Engineer Battalion.	0
Attorneys for the Roman Catholic archdiocese and nearly 250 alleged victims began meeting last week to reach an out-of-court settlement.	In order to come to a settlement outside of court, the Attorneys for the Roman Catholic archdiocese and almost 250 alleged victims been meeting last week.	1
"""I understand."		0
"""I understand."	I Understood	1
"""I understand."	"""I Understood."	1
"""I understand."	It is clear to me	1
"Mr Annan also warned the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress ""long-cherished freedoms""."	"Warned by Mr. Annan, the US shouldn't use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress ""long-cherished freedoms"""	1
Can you think of anyone else who could've done this?	Why couldn't anyone else have completed this task?	1
"""I understand."	It is more clear to me	0
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military said the rubble clearing, playground building and irrigation restoration are being handled by the 244th Engineer Battalion.	0
"""I understand."	It is clear to me	1
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military said rubble clearing, playground building and irrigation restoration are being handled by the 244th Engineer Battalion.	0
"Mr Annan also warned the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress ""long-cherished freedoms""."	Warned by Mr. Annan, the US shouldn't use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress their freedoms	0
We need to find Cochrane.	Where will we go to discover Cochrane?	0
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military said rubble clearing, playground building and irrigation restoration are in the hands of the 244th Engineer Battalion.	0
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military said rubble clearing, playground building and irrigation restoration activities are in the hands of the 244th Engineer Battalion.	0
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military said rubble clearing, playground building and irrigation restoration activities are being handled by the 244th Engineer Battalion.	0
We need to find Cochrane.	Together we will locate Cochrane.	0
We need to find Cochrane.	Together we will locate Cochrane.	0
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military said the 244th Engineer Battalion is in charge of rubble clearing, playground building and irrigation restoration activities.	0
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military said the 244th Engineer Battalion is in charge of rubble clearing, playground building and irrigation restoration.	0
We need to find Cochrane.	Where will we locate Cochrane?	0
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military said that the 244th Engineer Battalion is in charge of rubble clearing, playground building and irrigation restoration.	0
We need to find Cochrane.	We need to locate Cochrane.	1
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military said that the 244th Engineer Battalion has been handling rubble clearing, playground building and irrigation restoration.	0
We need to find Cochrane.	Cochrane will be found.	0
The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from a stolen credit cards.	The tuxedo shop is being used as a front to swindle income from a stolen credit cards	1
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military said that the 244th Engineer Battalion has been handling clearing the rubble, building the playgrounds and restoring irrigation.	0
The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from a stolen credit cards.	The tuxedo shop is being used as a front to swindle income from a stolen credit cards.	1
We need to find Cochrane.	We are going to locate Cochrane.	0
"Mr Annan also warned the US should not use the war on terror as an excuse to suppress ""long-cherished freedoms""."	"The US using the war on terror as a reason to suppress ""long-cherished freedoms"" was warned against by Mr. Annan"	1
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military said that the 244th Engineer Battalion has been in charge of clearing the rubble, building the playgrounds and restoring irrigation.	0
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military said that the 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing the rubble, building the playgrounds and restoring irrigation.	0
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military said that the 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing the rubble, building the playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq.	1
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military said that the 244th Engineer Battalion has been in charge of clearing the rubble, building the playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq.	1
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military stated that the 244th Engineer Battalion has been in charge of clearing the rubble, building the playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq.	1
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military stated that the 244th Engineer Battalion has been in charge of clearing the rubble, constructing the playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq.	1
The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from a stolen credit cards.	Proceeds from a stolen credit cards are a front for laundering to the tuxedo shop	1
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military stated that the 244th Engineer Battalion has been handling the construction of playgrounds, clearing the rubble and restoring irrigation in Iraq.	1
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military stated that the 244th Engineer Battalion has been handling the construction of playgrounds, cleaning up the rubble and restoring irrigation in Iraq.	1
The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from a stolen credit cards.	Proceeds from a stolen credit cards are used as a front for laundering to the tuxedo shop	1
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military stated that the 244th Engineer Battalion has been handling the construction of playgrounds, cleaning up the rubble and restoring irrigation services in Iraq.	1
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military stated that the construction of playgrounds, cleaning up the rubble and restoring irrigation in Iraq is being handled by the 244th Engineer Battalion.	1
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military stated that the construction of playgrounds, cleaning up the debris and restoring irrigation in Iraq is being handled by the 244th Engineer Battalion.	1
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The military stated that the construction of playgrounds, cleaning up debris and restoring irrigation in Iraq is being handled by the 244th Engineer Battalion.	1
The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from a stolen credit cards.	Stolen credit cards are used as a front for laundering proceeds to the tuxedo shop	1
Gold's rise pulled other precious metals higher, shunting silver to $4.81/83 an ounce from $4.77/79 last quoted in New York.	Quoted in New York, silver went up to $4.81/83 per ounce from $4.77/79 as the rise on gold pulled other precious metals higher.	1
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The army stated that the construction of playgrounds, cleaning up debris and restoring irrigation in Iraq is being handled by the 244th Engineer Battalion.	1
The 244th Engineer Battalion has been clearing rubble, building playgrounds and restoring irrigation in Iraq, the military said.	The army stated that the construction of playgrounds, cleaning up debris and restoring irrigation tasks in Iraq are being handled by the 244th Engineer Battalion.	1
The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from a stolen credit cards.	laundering Proceeds from a stolen credit cards are used as a front to the tuxedo shop	1
The tuxedo shop was used as a front for laundering proceeds from a stolen credit cards.	Proceeds from a stolen credit cards are used as a front for laundering to the tuxedo shop	1
The government defeated the rebel motion by 297 votes to 117 in the 659-seat House of Commons.	The rebel motion was defeated by the government by 297 votes to 117 in the House of Commons 659 seats.	1
Article 6 1.	Check article 6.1	1
He transferred another 10 million shares to a charitable trust and these shares were also liquidated.	He transferred another 10 million shares to a charitable trust which were also liquidated.	1
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.	Boeing's is likely to decide during Decembers gathering if or not they will sell the plane to an airline.	1
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.	During Boeing's meeting they will decide in December if or not to sell an airline.	0
He transferred another 10 million shares to a charitable trust and these shares were also liquidated.	These share were also liquidated which he transferred another 10 million shares to a charitable trust	1
Can you see who it is?	Can you check who is that?	1
Can you see who it is?	Can you see who is that?	1
Can you see who it is?	Can you find out who is that?	1
Can you see who it is?	Can you check who is that?	1
Jack's happy.	Jack is more than appreciative at this time.	1
Can you see who it is?	please check who is that?	1
Can you see who it is?	can you please check who is that?	1
Can you see who it is?	Can you please check who is that?	1
Can you see who it is?	Please check who is that?	1
Article 28 of the Charter enshrines the right to collective bargaining.	In Article 28 of the Charter it tells you about collective deals.	0
Article 28 of the Charter enshrines the right to collective bargaining.	Article  28 of the Charter tells you about the right to collective deals.	0
Article 28 of the Charter enshrines the right to collective bargaining.	Collective bargaining deals are made in article 28.	0
Sophie, um, this is Michael.	Sophie, this is Michael	1
Lower state courts and federal courts are still hearing recall several recall cases, one of which a Los Angeles court dismissed on Friday.	A recall case dismissed on Friday by a Los Angeles court is being heard among a lot of recall cases by lower state courts and federal courts.	1
Sophie, um, this is Michael.	Sophie, I'm Michael	1
Sophie, um, this is Michael.	Sophie, I'm Michael here	1
"Whatever your CLO had in mind hasn't anything to do with our people."""	Our people are not associated with your CLO.	0
I run the most comfortable debtor's prison in London.	It is me who operates London's utmost pleasant debtor's jail.	1
I... I know you don't know who I am... but I know you.	I don't know whom am i	0
I... I know you don't know who I am... but I know you.	I don't know whom am I	0
"Whatever your CLO had in mind hasn't anything to do with our people."""	"""Our people have nothing together with the CLO."	0
Do you have anything you wanna share?	Is there anything you would like to contribute?	1
Do you have anything you wanna share?	Is there something you would like to contribute?	1
"Whatever your CLO had in mind hasn't anything to do with our people."""	Our CLO is not associated with our people.	0
"Whatever your CLO had in mind hasn't anything to do with our people."""	Our CLO is not associated with our people.	0
Quattrone, 47, was highly influential at Credit Suisse First Boston during the tech bubble.	At Credit Suisse First Boston, during the tech bubble, Quattrone at 47, was very influential.	1
Do you have anything you wanna share?	Something you would like to contribute, is there?	1
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	Carnival Corp. has been going at $31.29 through Wednesday which is down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	0
I... I know you don't know who I am... but I know you.	"I said that "" I Know, you don't know who i am... but I know you"""	1
American has laid off 6,500 of its Missouri employees since Dec. 31, according to Driskill.	Driskill says that since December 31, in Missouri, American has laid of 6,500 of its employees	1
I... I know you don't know who I am... but I know you.	"I said that "" I Know very well, you don't know who i am... but I know you"""	1
Carnival Corp. stock was trading at $31.29 during midday trading Wednesday, down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	Carnival Cop. is only going at $31.29 while down 72 cents or 2.25 percent.	0
"""This deal makes sense for both companies,"" Brian Halla, National's chief executive, said in a statement."	"An announcement by National's chief executive of the name Brian Halla reads: ""This deal makes sense for both companies."""	1
"""This deal makes sense for both companies,"" Brian Halla, National's chief executive, said in a statement."	"An announcement made by National's chief executive of the name Brian Halla reads: ""This deal makes sense for both companies."""	1
I... I know you don't know who I am... but I know you.	"I said that "" I Know very well, you don't know who i am... but I know you very well"""	1
"""This deal makes sense for both companies,"" Brian Halla, National's chief executive, said in a statement."	"An announcement made by National's chief executive of the name Brian Halla reads: ""This agreement makes sense for both companies."""	1
"""This deal makes sense for both companies,"" Brian Halla, National's chief executive, said in a statement."	"An announcement made by National's chief executive of the name Brian Halla reads: ""This agreement makes sense for both enterprises."""	1
In the 2002 study, the margin of error ranged from 1.8 to 4.4 percentage points.	The margin of error was between 1.8 and 4.4 percentage points in the 2002 study.	1
Who?	Who is this?	0
"""This deal makes sense for both companies,"" Brian Halla, National's chief executive, said in a statement."	"An announcement made by National's chief executive of the name Brian Halla reads: ""This agreement is appropriate for both enterprises."""	1
Who?	Who is it?	1
In the 2002 study, the margin of error ranged from 1.8 to 4.4 percentage points.	The margin of error was between 1.8 and 4.4 percentage points in the study done in 2002.	1
In the 2002 study, the margin of error ranged from 1.8 to 4.4 percentage points.	The margin of error was between 1.8 and 4.4% in the study done in 2002.	1
Stop it!	Can you please stop it!	1
Stop it!	Can you please stop it?	1
Cool, green grass.	Awesome, colorful grass.	0
Stop it!	Can you please stop it!?	1
Cool, green grass.	Awesome with that green grass.	1
Or, if that's a problem, we could have somebody come get you. No.	Somebody could pick you up if we have an issue with that. Sure.	0
Or, if that's a problem, we could have somebody come get you. No.	Somebody could pick you up if we have an issue with that. No.	1
In the 2002 study, the margin of error ranged from 1.8 to 4.4 percentage points.	The safety margin was between 1.8 and 4.4% in the study done in 2002.	1
"""I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years,"" he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost."	"He said, ""I believe you will observe a considerable amount of job expansion in the following couple years"", mentioning that the expansion could supplant jobs lost."	1
'Why don't you find out?	Why you haven't find out?.	1
"""I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years,"" he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost."	"He said, ""I believe you will observe a considerable amount of job expansion in the following years"", mentioning that the expansion could supplant jobs lost."	1
"""I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years,"" he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost."	"He said, ""I believe you will observe a considerable amount of job expansion in the following years"", mentioning that the expansion could supplant any jobs lost."	1
I swear.	I promise	1
"""I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years,"" he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost."	"He spoke, ""I believe you will observe a considerable amount of job expansion in the following years"", mentioning that the expansion could supplant jobs lost."	1
Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university was prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing extra work.	The spokesman for the college Tom Conroy claimed the college workers and managers are working very hard.	0
"""I think you'll see a lot of job growth in the next two years,"" he said, adding the growth could replace jobs lost."	"He said, ""I believe you will observe a considerable amount of job expansion in the following years"", mentioning that the expansion would supplant jobs lost."	1
Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university was prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing extra work.	Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university was prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing hard work.	1
I swear.	I promise to you	1
Then he climbed easily.	He rose effortlessly	1
Yale spokesman Tom Conroy said the university was prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing extra work.	Yale talker Tom Conroy said the university was prepared to keep the campus running with temporary workers and managers doing extra work.	1
"McBride dismissed Novell's Unix ownership claims as ""a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community."""	"As ""a desperate measure to curry favor with the Linux community."" McBride ignored Novell's Unix declaration of ownership"	1
Abplanalp used plastic in a model that could be mass-produced, lowering the price per valve from 15 cents to 2 1/2 cents.	The model could be mass-produced with plastic which would lower the price per valve a whole 15 cents to 2 1/2 cents.	0
(secretary) Mr Stevenson in San Francisco.	In San Francisco, Mr Stevenson (secretary).	1
It also named Robert Willumstad chief operating officer, also to take effect by Jan. 1, 2004.	Effective January 1, 2004, Mr. Robert Williumstad will take over as chief ooperating officer.	1
"""This is a wide-ranging and continuing investigation which is likely to result in numerous other charges,"" Mr Spitzer said."	It was aforementioned by Mr. Spitzer that the investigation was ongoing and wide-spanning so there is a high chance other charges will be brought up.	1
"""This is a wide-ranging and continuing investigation which is likely to result in numerous other charges,"" Mr Spitzer said."	It was aforementioned by Mr. Spitzer that the investigation was ongoing and wide-spanning so there is a high chance that other charges will be brought up.	1
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.	In order to prevent complaints from being filed, more is needed in Washington.	0
cafe	bistro	0
cafe	café	1
Palm plans to issue about 13.9 million shares of Palm common stock to Handspring's shareholders, on a fully diluted basis.	Palm wants to put out 13.9 million shares.	0
cafe	A place to drink coffee.	1
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.	In order to prevent complaints from being filed, more is needed says Washington.	0
Ah! That was close.	Damn. That was near.	1
Washington, however, said more was needed to prevent complaints being filed in the first place.	In order to prevent complaints from being filed to begin with, more is needed says Washington.	1
Ah! That was close.	Damn. That was right there.	1
Yeah?	Que?	0
Yeah?	Si?	1
I'm annoying.	I'm unboreable.	0
I'm annoying.	I'm unbearable.	1
One, Capt. Doug McDonald, remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday.	In critical condition there was one hospitalized on Thursday, Capt Doug McDonald.	1
One, Capt. Doug McDonald, remained hospitalized in critical condition on Thursday.	In critical condition there was one hospitalized on Thursday, of the name Capt Doug McDonald.	1
In New York, $7,646 is spent annually on each Medicaid recipient, almost double the national average of $3,936.	In New York, nearly twice the national average of $3,936 is spent on each Medicaid recipient, totaling $7646 annually.	1
Available in June, Bare Metal Restore 4.6 costs $900 per Windows client and $1,000 per Unix client for new customers.	$1,000 dollars for a linux client while windows is 900 for a Bare Metal Restore.	0
In New York, $7,646 is spent annually on each Medicaid recipient, almost double the national average of $3,936.	In New York, nearly twice the national average of $3,936 is spent on each Medicaid recipient, totaling $7646 yearly.	1
Very rare	Extremely unique.	1
Very rare	Unlikely.	0
In New York, $7,646 is spent annually on each Medicaid recipient, almost double the national average of $3,936.	Nearly twice the national average of $3,936 is spent on each Medicaid recipient, totaling $7646 yearly in New York.	1
Very rare	Not happening.	0
In New York, $7,646 is spent annually on each Medicaid recipient, almost double the national average of $3,936.	Nearly two times the national average of $3,936 is spent on each Medicaid recipient, totaling $7646 yearly in New York.	1
Very rare	Extinct.	0
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.	Over 5200 people have been infected with SARS in mainland China, of which 296 have died.	1
Very rare	Unordinary.	1
In New York, $7,646 is spent annually on each Medicaid recipient, almost double the national average of $3,936.	Nearly two times the national average of $3,936 is spent on Medicaid recipients, totaling $7646 yearly in New York.	1
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.	Over 5200 people have been stricken with SARS in mainland China, of which 296 have died.	1
SARS has killed 296 people on China's mainland and infected more than 5,200.	Over 5200 people have been stricken by SARS in mainland China, of which 296 have died.	1
Please?	Okay?	1
The human?	The bipedal ape?	0
The human?	The ape?	0
Please?	agree?	1
The human?	The descendant of apes?	0
Sorry, sorry!	lo siento!	0
The human?	The person?	1
Sorry, sorry!	My apologies!	1
The human?	The individual?	1
The human?	The human being?	1
The human?	The individual?	1
A-Actually, yeah.	In fact, yes.	1
A-Actually, yeah.	Yes, in fact.	1
A-Actually, yeah.	Yes, as a matter of fact.	1
A-Actually, yeah.	Indeed, as a matter of fact.	1
Sorry, sorry!	Oh my apologies!	1
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year's end.	When this year ends, the agreement should be completed, pending N2H2's approval.	1
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year's end.	When this year ends, the agreement should be completed, conditional N2H2's approval.	1
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year's end.	When this year ends the agreement should be completed, conditional N2H2's approval.	1
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year's end.	When this year ends the agreement should be completed, pending N2H2's approval.	1
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year's end.	When this year ends the agreement should be completed, conditioned by N2H2's approval.	1
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year's end.	When this year ends the agreement should be completed, contingent on N2H2's approval.	1
The deal is subject to N2H2 approval and is expected to be completed by year's end.	When this year ends the agreement should be completed, conditional N2H2's approval.	1
The little girl, the daughter of a teller, was taken to the bank after a doctor's appointment.	The teller took their daughter to their job after the little girl's doctor's appointment.	1
There was a thump as a heavy beam was shouldered aside.	As the hefty beam was moved to the side, there was a thunderous pound	1
The little girl, the daughter of a teller, was taken to the bank after a doctor's appointment.	The teller took their daughter to their job at the bank after the little girl's doctor's appointment.	1
The little girl, the daughter of a teller, was taken to the bank after a doctor's appointment.	The teller took their daughter to their job at the financial institution after the little girl's doctor's appointment.	1
A big surge in consumer confidence has provided the only positive economic news in recent weeks.	The only recent positive economic news lately has been a huge surge in consumer confidence.	1
The little girl, the daughter of a teller, was taken to the bank after a doctor's appointment.	The teller took their daughter to their job after the little girl's doctor's appointment.	1
The little girl, the daughter of a teller, was taken to the bank after a doctor's appointment.	The bank teller took their daughter to their job after the little girl's doctor's appointment.	1
The little girl, the daughter of a teller, was taken to the bank after a doctor's appointment.	The teller took their daughter to their job after the little girl's doctor's appointment.	1
Mr Adams, managing director, will become chief executive on January 1.	On January the first, the managing director, Mr. Adams will be appointed chief executive.	1
A big surge in consumer confidence has provided the only positive economic news in recent weeks.	Recently the only positive economic news has been a huge surge in consumer confidence.	1
Arison said Mann may have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement and he had a deep love of Brazilian music.	Harboring a profound love of Brazilian music, Mann might have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement, said Arison	1
Arison said Mann may have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement and he had a deep love of Brazilian music.	Harboring a profound love of Brazilian music, Mann could have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement, said Arison	1
A big surge in consumer confidence has provided the only positive economic news in recent weeks.	Recently the only positive economic news has been a huge swell in consumer confidence.	1
Arison said Mann may have been one of the pioneers of the world music movement and he had a deep love of Brazilian music.	Harboring a profound love of Brazilian music, Mann could have been one of the trailblazers of the world music movement, said Arison	1
I'd have to look at the parish calendar.		0
A big surge in consumer confidence has provided the only positive economic news in recent weeks.	Recently the only hopeful economic news has been a huge swell in consumer confidence.	1
Also in Mosul, rebel gunmen on Friday assassinated a Sunni Muslim tribal leader who backed the coalition.	A Sunni Muslim tribal leader that backed the coalition was assassinated on Friday by a rebel gunmen in Mosul.	1
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.	On July 15, smashed by 85-mph winds the mid-Texas coast was by the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season called Claudette.	1
A big surge in consumer confidence has provided the only positive economic news in recent weeks.	Recently the only hopeful economic news has been a huge swell in buyer confidence.	1
Claudette, the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, hit the mid-Texas coast July 15 with 85-mph wind.	On July 15, smashed by 85-mph winds the mid-Texas coast was by the first hurricane of the Atlantic storm season, of the name Claudette.	1
Robin Saunders, head of the bank's London-based principal finance unit, is also expected to quit.	It is anticipated as well that Robin Saunders renounces their position as head of the bank's London-based principal finance unit.	1
Robin Saunders, head of the bank's London-based principal finance unit, is also expected to quit.	It is anticipated as well that Robin Saunders renounces their position as director of the bank's London-based principal finance unit.	0
Robin Saunders, head of the bank's London-based principal finance unit, is also expected to quit.	It is anticipated as well that Robin Saunders renounces their position as head of the bank's London-based main finance unit.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	Traces of highly enriched uranium were discovered near an Iranian nuclear facility by United Nations inspectors, increasing fears that Iran possibly has a secret nuclear weapons program.	1
Robin Saunders, head of the bank's London-based principal finance unit, is also expected to quit.	It is anticipated as well that Robin Saunders renounces their position as head of the bank's London-based main finance office.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	Remnants of highly enriched uranium were discovered near an Iranian nuclear facility by United Nations inspectors, increasing fears that Iran possibly has a secret nuclear weapons program.	1
Robin Saunders, head of the bank's London-based principal finance unit, is also expected to quit.	It is anticipated as well that Robin Saunders renounces their position as head of the bank's London-located main finance office.	1
Robin Saunders, head of the bank's London-based principal finance unit, is also expected to quit.	It is anticipated too that Robin Saunders renounces their position as head of the bank's London-located main finance office.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	Remnants of highly enriched uranium were found near an Iranian nuclear facility by United Nations inspectors, increasing fears that Iran possibly has a secret nuclear weapons program.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	Remnants of highly enriched uranium were found near an Iranian nuclear facility by United Nations inspectors, deepening fears that Iran possibly has a secret nuclear weapons program.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	Remnants of highly enriched uranium were found near an Iranian nuclear facility by United Nations inspectors, deepening fears that Iran could have a secret nuclear weapons program.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	Remnants of highly enriched uranium were found near an Iranian nuclear facility by United Nations inspectors, deepening fears that Iran could have a nuclear weapons program.	1
United Nations inspectors have discovered traces of highly enriched uranium near an Iranian nuclear facility, heightening worries that the country may have a secret nuclear weapons program.	Remnants of highly enriched uranium were found near an Iranian nuclear facility by United Nations inspectors, deepening fears that Iran could have an undisclosed nuclear weapons program.	1
In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, and O'Connor.	1
Is it the battery?	Do you think that it could be the battery?	1
In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	Rehnquist's majority conclusion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, and O'Connor.	1
In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	Rehnquist's majority conclusion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, and O'Connor.	1
Is it the battery?	Do you think that it could possibly be the battery?	1
Is it the battery?	Is there a chance that it could possibly be the battery?	0
Is it the battery?	Do you think that it could possibly be the battery?	1
Whoever is right is strong.	My friend is wrong	0
We'il work steady, one by one.	One at a time, we will get the work done	1
The AP quotes a local policeman as saying the British troops were targeted by townspeople angry over civilian deaths during a demonstration yesterday in the town of Majar Al-Kabir.	200	0
In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	The majority opinion written by Rehnquist was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, and O'Connor.	1
Federal officials gave the DPS officer an FAA number to call to initiate lost-aircraft procedures.	The FAA phone number for lost-aircraft procedures was given to the officers by the federal officials.	0
Drawer 3	The third case.	0
Federal officials gave the DPS officer an FAA number to call to initiate lost-aircraft procedures.	The FAA phone number for lost-aircraft procedures was given to the DPS officers by the federal officials.	1
Drawer 3	The third drawer.	1
In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	The majority opinion written by Justice Rehnquist was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Stephen Breyer, and O'Connor.	1
Drawer 3	The third cabinet.	0
Drawer 3	The third drawer.	1
Gates dismissed the challenge from open-source programs such as Linux, which is gaining adherents in the public and private sectors.	Gaining support from both the public and the private sectors, open-source operating systems, such as Linux were dismissed by Gates.	1
In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	The majority opinion written by Justice Rehnquist was joined by Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg, David Souter, Stephen Breyer, and O'Connor.	1
And then sud­denly those nearest to him turned to run.	They began to sprint all of the sudden.	0
I-I can do it.	I will make it happen	1
In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	The majority opinion written by Justice Rehnquist was joined by Justices Stephen Breyer, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, David Souter, and O'Connor.	1
And then sud­denly those nearest to him turned to run.	The ones nearest to him began to sprint all of the sudden.	1
In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	The majority opinion written by Justice Rehnquist was joined by Justices Breyer, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, David Souter, and O'Connor.	1
And then sud­denly those nearest to him turned to run.	The ones nearest to him began to sprint.	1
In addition to O'Connor, Rehnquist's majority opinion was joined by Justices David Souter, Ruth Bader Ginsburg, and Stephen Breyer.	The majority opinion written by Justice Rehnquist was joined by Justices Breyer, Ginsburg, Souter, and O'Connor.	1
And then sud­denly those nearest to him turned to run.	The ones nearest to him began to sprint immediately.	1
Motorola had scheduled its earnings report to be released today after the close of trading.	Today, after trading is closed, the earnings report by Motorola is scheduled to be revealed	1
Where's Sloba?	Do you know where Sloba is located?	1
Where's Sloba?	Do you know where I can find Sloba?	1
I have seen them succeed, I've seen them fail very quickly.	In my experience, I have seen them fail very quickly but I have also seen them succeed.	1
Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped from 29.4 to 32.6, while those claiming work was plentiful slipped from 13 to 12.6.	Consumers that claiming to work numbers dropped to 12.6 from 13, while those who had a hard time seeking employment rose to 32.6 from 29.4.	1
I have seen them succeed, I've seen them fail very quickly.	In my experience, I have observed them fail very quickly but I have also witnessed them succeed.	1
I have seen them succeed, I've seen them fail very quickly.	In my experience, I have observed them not achieve their goals very quickly but I have also witnessed them succeed.	1
The first products are likely to be dongles costing between US$100 and US$150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.	The dongles that bridge PCs and electronic devices, are usually in the price range of $100-150.	0
Last month, The Washington Post Co. introduced Express, a tabloid distributed largely along transit routes.	Express is a newspaper, introduced by The Washington Post Co. last month and is dispersed mostly along transit routes	0
Last month, The Washington Post Co. introduced Express, a tabloid distributed largely along transit routes.	Express is a newspaper, introduced by The Washington Post Co. last month and is dispensed mostly along transit routes	0
The first products are likely to be dongles costing between US$100 and US$150 that will establish connections between consumer electronics devices and PCs.	The dongles that bridge PCs and electronic devices, are usually in the price range of $100-150, and those are most likely to be first.	1
Last month, The Washington Post Co. introduced Express, a tabloid distributed largely along transit routes.	Express is a newspaper, introduced by The Washington Post Co. last month and is given out mostly along transit routes	0
Please.	Nice	0
Please.	Pleasure	1
Please.	Pleasure.	1
“As you see, the whole sled goes under,” the pilot explained.	The pilot showed us that the whole sled goes underneath	1
I have a real problem believing in anything.	It an issue to trust anything.	1
In any case, the Incas... ...Or Mayans predicted it many years ago.	Years ago, it was said by the Mayans, or the Incas	0
I have a real problem believing in anything.	It is an issue to trust .	0
I have a real problem believing in anything.	It is an issue to trust.	0
I have a real problem believing in anything.	It is an issue to trust this.	0
I have a real problem believing in anything.	It is an issue to trust all things.	0
I have a real problem believing in anything.	It is an issue to trust anything.	0
In any case, the Incas... ...Or Mayans predicted it many years ago.	Years ago, it was foretold by the Mayans, or the Incas	1
I have a real problem believing in anything.	It's a real issue to trust anything.	1
I have a real problem believing in anything.	It's a real issue to accept anything.	1
I have a real problem believing in anything.	It's a issue to accept anything.	0
PFP Legislator Kao Ming-chien (), the fifth Taiwanese expert invited by the WHO to join the conference, will arrive in Malaysia today.	PFP Legislator Kao Ming-chien () will arrive in Malaysia today.	0
I have a real problem believing in anything.	It's a obvious issue to accept everything.	0
I have a real problem believing in anything.	It's a real issue to accept everything.	0
I have a real problem believing in anything.	It's a real issue to accept anything.	1
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	Most Republicans are against condom initiatives and believe it misinforms the youth to have premarital sex.	0
An administrator function allows the national administrator to determine which messages are logged: requests from end-users, incoming requests from other Member States, provided information from the national registers, etc.	An idea that lets national administrator to decide which messages are let from requesters.	0
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	Most Republicans are against condom initiatives and believe it misinforms the youth to thinking it's okay to have premarital sex.	0
As a teen, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy, nearly killing him, for no apparent reason.	In his youth, for no obvious reason, he stabbed and almost murdered a six year old boy	1
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	Most Republicans are against condom initiatives and believe it misinforms and pushes the youth to having premarital sex.	0
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	Most conservatives are against condom initiatives and believe it misinforms and pushes the youth to having premarital sex.	1
Men do not do that. They are professional.	Men are fit to do their job. And do not screw up.	0
Men do not do that. They are professional.	Men don't do that. They know what they are doing.	1
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	Condom initiatives and believe it misinforms and pushes the youth to having premarital sex.	0
"I'm telling you."""	I'm explaining.	1
As a teen, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy, nearly killing him, for no apparent reason.	In his adolescence, for no obvious motive, he stabbed and almost murdered a six year old boy	1
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	Condom initiatives are opposed by most conservatives and believe it misinforms and pushes the youth to having premarital sex.	1
"I'm telling you."""	I will explain.	0
As a teen, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy, nearly killing him, for no apparent reason.	In his adolescence, for no obvious motive, he stabbed and almost murdered a six year old child	0
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	Condom initiatives are opposed by most conservatives because they believe it misinforms and pushes the youth to having premarital sex.	1
"I'm telling you."""	I'm expressing to you.	1
As a teen, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy, nearly killing him, for no apparent reason.	In his adolescence, for no obvious motive, he stabbed and almost murdered a six year old male	1
"I'm telling you."""	I'm detailing to you.	1
As a teen, he stabbed a 6-year-old boy, nearly killing him, for no apparent reason.	In his adolescence, for no obvious motive, he stabbed and almost murdered a six year old boy	1
Many conservatives have staunchly opposed condom programs, saying they send the wrong message and encourage and enable teens to have sex before marriage.	Condom initiatives are opposed by most conservatives because the belief is it misinforms and pushes the youth to having premarital sex.	1
"I'm telling you."""	I'm elaborating to you.	1
Will do.	For sure	0
Will do.	I will get it done	1
His coalition also passed some of the world's most progressive laws in legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs.	The most progressive laws in the world regarding legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs	0
His coalition also passed some of the world's most progressive laws in legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs.	The most progressive laws in the world regarding legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs was passed by his group.	1
His coalition also passed some of the world's most progressive laws in legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs.	The most progressive laws on the earth regarding legalizing gay marriage and euthanasia and decriminalizing the personal use of soft drugs was passed by his group.	1
"The service also features a ""self-healing"" option that can provide continuous access to critical applications."	"A ""self-healing"" feature that can provide uninterrupted access to applications considered critical is part of the service."	1
If it was an office, it was certainly well disguised.	The office was secretive.	0
"The service also features a ""self-healing"" option that can provide continuous access to critical applications."	"A ""self-healing"" feature that can provide uninterrupted connection to applications considered critical is part of the service."	1
"""We're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good,"" said Dr. David Fleming of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention."	"Dr. David Fleming from the CDC is quoted as saying  ""We're optimistic we can deliver the vaccine to these people in time to do good""."	1
If it was an office, it was certainly well disguised.	It didn't look like an Office.	0
"The service also features a ""self-healing"" option that can provide continuous access to critical applications."	"A ""self-healing"" feature that can provide uninterrupted connection to systems considered critical is part of the service."	1
If it was an office, it was certainly well disguised.	It didn't appear as an office.	0
If it was an office, it was certainly well disguised.	If it was an office, it didn't appear so.	0
If it was an office, it was certainly well disguised.	If it was an office, it didn't appear so.	0
"The service also features a ""self-healing"" option that can provide continuous access to critical applications."	"A ""self-healing"" feature that can provide uninterrupted connection to applications considered crucial is part of the service."	1
"The service also features a ""self-healing"" option that can provide continuous access to critical applications."	"A ""self-healing"" feature that can provide uninterrupted connection to applications considered crucial is as well a part of the service."	1
Well, Selina Kyle, I know you came here from your walk-up in Old Town.	I assume you arrive from you apartment in Old Town, Selina.	0
Well, Selina Kyle, I know you came here from your walk-up in Old Town.	I assume you arrive from you apartment in Old Town, Selina Kyle.	1
The copy they sold was British, which is evidently the only edition there ever was—and a small one.	The one edition to ever exist is a small, British copy that they sold.	1
The copy they sold was British, which is evidently the only edition there ever was—and a small one.	The one edition to ever exist is a small, British copy that they sold, naturally.	1
The copy they sold was British, which is evidently the only edition there ever was—and a small one.	The one edition to ever exist is a small, British copy that they sold.	1
Great.	Very good.	1
Great.	Fantastic.	1
Great.	Awesome.	1
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.	Long question forms we given to the 120 potential jurors who were advised to finish.	1
Great.	Something very good.	1
Great.	Something extraordinarily good.	1
'You can call me Jake.'	'Jake is the name.'	1
'You can call me Jake.'	Jake is the name.	1
You got me a present.	Thanks for the gift.	0
A personal query, if I may.	I have a question.	0
The company's chief executive retired and chief financial officer resigned.	The CFO resigned and the Chief executive has retired from the company	1
A personal query, if I may.	I have a question, please.	0
You got me a present.	You gave me a gift.	1
A personal query, if I may.	One question, please.	0
A personal query, if I may.	One personal question, please.	1
You got me a present.	You handed me a gift.	0
A personal query, if I may.	One intimate question, please.	1
It implied that I knew her and she knew me, and I didn't know that many older folks on Medusa.	A fact is I hadn't made acquaintace with a lot of older people on Medusa yet it implied that we knew each other.	0
A personal query, if I may.	An intimate question, please.	1
It implied that I knew her and she knew me, and I didn't know that many older folks on Medusa.	A fact is I hadn't made acquaintace with a lot of older people on Medusa yet it implied that she and I knew each other.	1
A personal query, if I may.	Intimate question, please.	1
It implied that I knew her and she knew me, and I didn't know that many older folks on Medusa.	A fact is I hadn't made acquaintance with a lot of elderly people on Medusa yet it implied that she and I knew each other.	1
It implied that I knew her and she knew me, and I didn't know that many older folks on Medusa.	A fact is I hadn't made acquaintance with a lot of older people on Medusa yet it implied that she and I knew of each other.	1
It implied that I knew her and she knew me, and I didn't know that many older folks on Medusa.	A fact is I hadn't made acquaintance with a lot of older people on Medusa yet it implied that she and I knew each other.	1
Without comment, the court declined to hear suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore's appeals.	The court has refused to listen to suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore's appeals without comment.	1
It implied that I knew her and she knew me, and I didn't know that many older folks on Medusa.	A fact is I hadn't made acquaintance with a lot of elderly people on Medusa yet it implied that she and I knew each other.	1
It implied that I knew her and she knew me, and I didn't know that many older folks on Medusa.	A fact is I hadn't made acquaintance with a lot of elderly people on Medusa yet it implied that she and I have met before.	1
Without comment, the court declined to hear suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore's appeals.	The court has refused to listen to suspended Alabama Chief Justice Roy Moore's appeals without a statement	1
Means the killer probably left on foot.	What that shows us, is that the murderer most likely escaped on foot	1
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	Only the most attractive assets are picked by most of the potential buyers.	1
Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.	The assailants' initial targets were the mosque's security personnel. recounted Zulifquar Ali, who was barely grazed with shrapnel.	0
Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.	The assailants' initial targets was the mosque's security personnel. recounted Zulifquar Ali, who was barely grazed with shrapnel.	0
Uh, there's a gang... Nationalists, whatever, believe that the Falklands are Argentinian, they don't like the British, and they're in the hotel.	The gang believes the Falklands are Argentinian's not Britian's.	0
Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.	The assailants' initial targets was the mosque's security personnel, recounted Zulifquar Ali, who was barely grazed with shrapnel.	1
Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.	The assailants' initial targets were the mosque's security personnel, recounted Zulifquar Ali, who was barely grazed with shrapnel.	1
Uh, there's a gang... Nationalists, whatever, believe that the Falklands are Argentinian, they don't like the British, and they're in the hotel.	The gang in the hotel believes the Falklands are Argentinian's not Britian's.	0
Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.	The assailants' initial targets was the mosque's security personnel, recounted Zulifquar Ali, who was barely grazed with shrapnel.	1
It's a federal law, which means the entire election case can be rolled into a federal indictment.	The entire election case can be put into a federal indictment by federal law	1
Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.	The assailants' initial target was the mosque's security personnel, recounted Zulifquar Ali, who was barely grazed with shrapnel.	1
Uh, there's a gang... Nationalists, whatever, believe that the Falklands are Argentinian, they don't like the British, and they're in the hotel.	The nationalist in the hotel believes the Falklands are Argentinian's not Britian's.	0
Uh, there's a gang... Nationalists, whatever, believe that the Falklands are Argentinian, they don't like the British, and they're in the hotel.	The nationalist in the hotel believes the Falklands are Argentinian's not Britian's.	0
Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.	The assailants' initial targets was the mosque's security personnel, recounted Zulifquar Ali, who was barely grazed with shrapnel.	1
Uh, there's a gang... Nationalists, whatever, believe that the Falklands are Argentinian, they don't like the British, and they're in the hotel.	The nationalist in the hotel believes the Falklands are Argentinian's and hates the British.	0
Uh, there's a gang... Nationalists, whatever, believe that the Falklands are Argentinian, they don't like the British, and they're in the hotel.	The nationalist in the hotel believes the Falklands are Argentinian's and hates the British.	0
That tea that I gave you today it contained a dose of poison.	The tea you drank which was given by me contained poison.	0
Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.	The assailants' initial targets was the mosque's security personnel, recounted Zulifquar Ali, a congregant who was barely grazed with shrapnel.	1
Uh, there's a gang... Nationalists, whatever, believe that the Falklands are Argentinian, they don't like the British, and they're in the hotel.	The Nationalist in the hotel believes the Falklands are Argentinian's and hates the British.	0
Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.	The assailants' initially targeted the mosque's security personnel, recounted Zulifquar Ali, a congregant who was barely grazed with shrapnel.	1
Zulifquar Ali, a worshipper slightly wounded by shrapnel, said the assailants first targeted the mosque's security guards.	The assailants' initially targeted was the mosque's security personnel, recounted Zulifquar Ali, a congregant who was barely grazed with shrapnel.	1
That tea that I gave you today it contained a dose of poison.	I gave you a poisoned tea.	1
Uh, there's a gang... Nationalists, whatever, believe that the Falklands are Argentinian, they don't like the British, and they're in the hotel.	The Nationalist in the hotel believes the Falklands belong to Argentinian and they hate the British.	0
Uh, there's a gang... Nationalists, whatever, believe that the Falklands are Argentinian, they don't like the British, and they're in the hotel.	The Nationalist in the hotel believes the Falklands belong to Argentinian and they hate the British.	0
Uh, there's a gang... Nationalists, whatever, believe that the Falklands are Argentinian, they don't like the British, and they're in the hotel.	The Nationalist gang believes the Falklands belong to Argentinian and they hate the British.	0
Uh, there's a gang... Nationalists, whatever, believe that the Falklands are Argentinian, they don't like the British, and they're in the hotel.	The Nationalist gang believes the Falklands belong to Argentinian and they hate the British.	0
Topics opened successfully	A successful open by the topics	1
Uh, there's a gang... Nationalists, whatever, believe that the Falklands are Argentinian, they don't like the British, and they're in the hotel.	The Nationalists hate the British and believes the Falklands belong to Argentinian.	0
Uh, there's a gang... Nationalists, whatever, believe that the Falklands are Argentinian, they don't like the British, and they're in the hotel.	The Nationalists gang hate the British and believes the Falklands belong to Argentinian.	0
Boy, he is really moody in the mornings.	Every morning he is very upset.	0
Uh, there's a gang... Nationalists, whatever, believe that the Falklands are Argentinian, they don't like the British, and they're in the hotel.	The Nationalists gang in the hotel hate the British and believes the Falklands belong to Argentinian.	1
People in town say it was a man.	It was a male according to the persons in town	1
Boy, he is really moody in the mornings.	He is upset every morning.	0
Boy, he is really moody in the mornings.	He is moody every morning.	0
The program, which downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it, is invisible to the computer's owner.	The software is undetectable by the system's user and it downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only for a moment to allow visitors to view it.	1
Boy, he is really moody in the mornings.	he is not happy during every mornings.	0
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Doss said the Cost Guard sent 2 boats when they spotted the mirgants.	0
Boy, he is really moody in the mornings.	He is not happy during every mornings.	0
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Doss said the Cost Guard sent 2 boats when they spotted the migrants.	0
The program, which downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it, is invisible to the computer's owner.	The software is undetectable by the system's proprietor and it downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only for a moment to allow visitors to view it.	1
The program, which downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it, is invisible to the computer's owner.	The software is undetectable by the system's owner and it downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only for a moment to allow visitors to view it.	1
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Doss said the Cost Guard sent 2 patrol boats when they spotted the migrants.	0
Boy, he is really moody in the mornings.	He is unpredictable every mornings.	0
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Doss said the Cost Guard sent 2 boats when their jet spotted the migrants.	0
Boy, he is really moody in the mornings.	He is really unpredictable every mornings.	0
The program, which downloads the pornographic material to the usurped computer only briefly to allow visitors to view it, is invisible to the computer's owner.	The software is undetectable by the system's proprietor and it downloads the pornographic material to the commandeered computer only for a moment to allow visitors to view it.	1
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Doss said the Cost Guard sent 2 boats to the area when their jet spotted the migrants.	0
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Doss said the Cost Guard sent 2 patrol boats to the area when their jet spotted the migrants.	0
The U.S. Supreme Court will hear arguments on Wednesday on whether companies can be sued under the Americans with Disabilities Act for refusing to rehire rehabilitated drug users.	On Wednesday, the U.S. Supreme court will hear arguments on whether business can be prosecuted under the ADA for denying to hire former drug addicts.	1
Boy, he is really moody in the mornings.	That boy is really unpredictable every mornings.	0
Boy, he is really moody in the mornings.	That boy is very unpredictable every mornings.	0
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Doss said the Cost Guard sent 2 patrol boats to the area when their jet spotted the migrants on Tuesday afternoon.	0
Boy, he is really moody in the mornings.	That boy is very unpredictable in mornings.	0
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Doss said the Cost Guard sent two patrol boats to the area when their jet spotted the migrants on Tuesday afternoon.	0
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Doss said they sent two patrol boats to the area when the Cost Guard jet spotted the migrants on Tuesday afternoon.	0
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Doss said they sent two patrol boats to the area when the Cost Guard jet spotted the migrants on Tuesday at 2pm.	1
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Doss said they sent two patrol boats to the area when the Cost Guard jet spotted the migrants on Tuesday at 2 p.m.	1
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	Almost 20 percent of shareholders from PowderJect's have already accepted Chiron	1
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Doss said the Cost Guard sent two patrol boats to the area when their jet spotted the migrants on Tuesday at 2 p.m.	1
You got me a present.	You got me a gift.	1
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Doss said the Cost Guard sent two boats to the area when their jet spotted the migrants on Tuesday at 2 p.m.	1
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Doss said the Cost Guard sent two boats when their jet spotted the migrants on Tuesday at 2 p.m.	1
You got me a present.	You gave me a gift.	1
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Doss said the Cost Guard sent two boats when their jet saw the migrants on Tuesday at 2 p.m.	1
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Doss said the Cost Guard sent two boats when their jet saw the migrants around 2 p.m.	0
His boots kept sliding off the pipes until finally he saw that there were built-in indented footholds.	Till finding the built-in indented footholds his boots kept sliding off the pipes.	1
I was doing downward dog, and then I went into chakrasana, and that's when it happened.	It happened during yoga, I started with downward dog and then moved to chakrasana	1
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Doss said the Cost Guard sent two boats when their jet saw the migrants around 2 p.m. on Tuesday.	1
What's wrong?	Is there anything wrong?	1
The migrants were first spotted by a Coast Guard jet around 2 p.m. Tuesday and two small patrol boats were sent to the area, Doss said.	Doss said the Cost Guard sent two boats when their jet saw the migrants on Tuesday around 2 p.m.	1
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	100,000 tonnes is the amount of food contributions the U.S. has aided North Korea with this solar cycle.	0
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	100,000 tonnes is the amount of food contributions the U.S. has aided North Korea with this year.	0
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	100,000 tonnes is the amount of food contributed by the U.S. to aid North Korea with this year.	0
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	This year 100,000 tonnes is the amount of food contributed by the U.S. to aid North Korea with.	0
You deal with your family shit your way, and I will deal with mine my way, which is not dealing with it at all.	I'll handle my family situation how I want and you handle yours your own way.	0
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.	40 people have died and greater than 100 injured Reuters was told by police official S.K. Tonapi	1
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	This year more aid adds up to 100,000 tonnes as the amount of food contributed by the U.S. to aid North Korea with.	1
You deal with your family shit your way, and I will deal with mine my way, which is not dealing with it at all.	I'll handle my family situation how I want, which is none, and you handle yours your own way.	1
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.	An official statement from Police official S.K.Tonapi to Reuters was that there were at least 40 people killed and more than 100 wounded.	1
Police official S.K. Tonapi told Reuters at least 40 people had been killed and more than 100 wounded.	An official statement from Police official S.K.Tonapi to Reuters was that there were at least 40 people killed and more than 100 got wounded.	1
He just walked out.	The guy left	0
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	This year more aid adds up to 100,000 tonnes as the amount of food contributed by the U.S. to North Korea.	1
The additional contribution brings total U.S. food aid to North Korea this year to 100,000 tonnes.	This year more aid adds up to 100,000 tonnes as the amount of food contributed by the U.S. to aid North Korea with.	1
Thank you, everyone.	I thank everyone present here.	1
He just walked out.	The man stepped away	1
Yeah, exactly. - Guys, could you give us a second? - Yeah.	Affirmative, agreed. - People, can you excuse us for a moment? - Yes.	1
I got this planned out, so get suited up, we're doing this.	Grab your suit because this is happening, I have it all set up.	1
Go on.	Continue.	1
Go on.	Continue	1
Ratliff's daughters, Margaret and Martha Ratliff, were adopted by Peterson after their mother's death.	When their mother passed away, sisters Margaret and Martha Ratliff were taken in by Peterson	1
Go on.	Proceed.	1
Go on.	Proceed	1
Go on.	Proceed forward.	1
You want something to eat?	Do you want to go get some food	0
Go on.	Go ahead.	1
Go on.	Go ahead	1
You want something to eat?	Are you hungry	1
The disagreement over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.	It can be appreciated in documents now available since yesterday the animosity around online music sales.	0
Go on.	Advance.	1
Go on.	Advance	1
Go on.	Advance.	1
The disagreement over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.	It can be appreciated in judge filed documents available since yesterday the animosity around online music sales.	0
The disagreement over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.	It can be appreciated in last week documents available since yesterday the animosity around online music sales.	0
"""They've been in the stores for over six weeks,"" says Carney."	According to Carney, they have already been on the shelves for more than six weeks	1
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.	The Herald concluded there were no pictures of Peter Hollingworth in the June edition.	0
"""They've been in the stores for over six weeks,"" says Carney."	According to Carney, they have already been available for more than six weeks	0
The disagreement over online music sales was disclosed in documents filed last week with the judge and made available by the court yesterday.	It can be appreciated in last week judge filed documents available since yesterday the animosity around online music sales.	1
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.	The Herald concluded there were no pictures of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue.	0
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.	The Herald concluded there were no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June edition.	0
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.	The Herald examined there were no picture of Peter Hollingworth in the June edition.	0
It always is.	It is without exception	1
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.	Yesterday, the Herald concluded there were no picture of Peter Hollingworth in the June edition.	1
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.	Yesterday, the Herald concluded there were no pictures of Peter Hollingworth in the June edition.	1
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.	Yesterday, the Herald concluded there were no picture of Mr. Hollingworth in the June edition.	1
He was sentenced to five years in prison at at Kingston Crown Court yesterday after pleading guilty to the attempted abduction of a teenager.	In Kingston Crown Court a five years prison sentence was passed yesterday following the guilty plea of the attempted kidnap of a teenager.	1
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.	Yesterday, it was concluded there were no picture of Mr. Hollingworth in the June edition.	0
He was sentenced to five years in prison at at Kingston Crown Court yesterday after pleading guilty to the attempted abduction of a teenager.	In Kingston Crown Court yesterday a five years prison sentence was passed following the guilty plea of the attempted kidnap of a teenager.	1
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.	Yesterday, the Herald concluded there were no picture of Mr. Hollingworth in the June edition.	1
He was sentenced to five years in prison at at Kingston Crown Court yesterday after pleading guilty to the attempted abduction of a teenager.	In Kingston Crown Court, yesterday a five years prison sentence was passed following the guilty plea of the attempted kidnap of a teenager.	1
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.	The other day, the Herald concluded there were no picture of Mr. Hollingworth in the June edition.	1
He was sentenced to five years in prison at at Kingston Crown Court yesterday after pleading guilty to the attempted abduction of a teenager.	In Kingston Crown Court, yesterday a five years prison sentence was passed following the guilty plea of the attempted abduction of a teenager.	1
"You know my chart."""	My chart is known to you.	1
There is, however, no photo of Peter Hollingworth in the June issue examined by the Herald yesterday.	The previous day, the Herald concluded there were no picture of Mr. Hollingworth in the June edition.	1
Louder.	Please say it aloud.	1
Yeah, I'd love to hear your new information, but, um, listen, I gotta go.	I have to go	0
They show up without warning, they take what they need, and then they disappear without a trace.	They slip in with no notice, steal what they need, and finally vanish without detection	1
Caessa sat within.	Caessa made herself sat within.	0
Yeah, I'd love to hear your new information, but, um, listen, I gotta go.	I'd like to hear the new information, but I got to jet.	0
Yeah, I'd love to hear your new information, but, um, listen, I gotta go.	I'd like to hear the new information, but I got to jet.	0
Caessa sat within.	Caessa made herself sat within it.	0
I know it's you!	I possess the knowledge that is your person.	0
Hey, you're the dum-dum who got yourself into this mess.	Hey,. you're the idiot who got themselves fucked.	1
Caessa sat within.	Caessa sat inside.	1
I know it's you!	I possess the knowledge that is your person who is responsible.	1
Look, it's not that bad.	Look, its fine.	1
And you gentlemen are?	Are you kind?	0
Caessa sat within.	Caessa sat indoor	1
And you gentlemen are?	Are you a nice man?	0
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	Dayton says that the transition is scheduled to start June 7th at the latest.	1
And you gentlemen are?	And you guys are?	0
And you gentlemen are?	And you gentlemen did?	0
I'm not that easy.	I'm very hard.	0
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	Dayton says that the transformation is scheduled to start June 7th at the latest.	1
And I'll tell them that I'd rather have you than a country, or a language, or a history.	I shall allow them to know that I sooner hold you than a country, or a language, or a history.	1
I'm not that easy.	I'm more tough than you think.	0
I'm not that easy.	I'm more tough.	1
Stop!	cease	1
Stop!	alto	0
And I'll tell them that I'd rather have you than a country, or a language, or a history.	I shall allow them to know that I sooner hold you than a country, or a language, or a history.	1
Polly, would you let me explain this Uh-huh.	Would you permit me to explain this Polly?	1
If Poland, Spain and Germany were prepared to make concessions in Brussels, the basis for a deal could be found.	A foundation for an agreement could be just, if Poland, Spain and Germany met in Brussels.	0
And I'll tell them that I'd rather have you than a country, or a language, or a history.	I shall allow them to know that I sooner hold you than a history or a language or a country.	1
If Poland, Spain and Germany were prepared to make concessions in Brussels, the basis for a deal could be found.	A foundation for an agreement could be just, if Poland, Spain and Germany yielded in Brussels.	1
If Poland, Spain and Germany were prepared to make concessions in Brussels, the basis for a deal could be found.	A foundation for an agreement could be just, if Poland, Spain and Germany compromised in Brussels.	1
Carter, just... It would be too depressing if it didn't work out.	I would feel depress if it did not work Carter.	0
And I'll tell them that I'd rather have you than a country, or a language, or a history.	I shall allow them to know that I sooner hold you than a history, or a language, or a country.	1
And I'll tell them that I'd rather have you than a country, or a language, or a history.	I shall allow them to know that I sooner hold you than a history, or a language or a country.	1
They'll find out that we're friends.	They'll discover we know eachother.	0
And I'll tell them that I'd rather have you than a country, or a language, or a history.	I shall allow them to know that I sooner hold you than a history or a language or a country.	1
And I'll tell them that I'd rather have you than a country, or a language, or a history.	I shall allow them to know that I sooner hold you than a history, a language or a country.	1
Carter, just... It would be too depressing if it didn't work out.	I would feel depressed if it did not work.	0
They'll find out that we're friends.	They'll know we are friends.	1
They'll find out that we're friends.	They'll know we know eachother.	0
And I'll tell them that I'd rather have you than a country, or a language, or a history.	I shall allow them to know that I sooner hold you than a history, a language or a nation.	1
Carter, just... It would be too depressing if it didn't work out.	Carter do you know that I would feel depressed if it did not work.	1
And I'll tell them that I'd rather have you than a country, or a language, or a history.	I shall allow them to know that I sooner hold you than a history, a language or a country.	1
At your service, Madame.	I'm ready, Madame.	0
At your service, Madame.	Ready to work, mam.	0
At your service, Madame.	Ready to work, Madame.	0
Trying to steal my bird?	Trying to take my bird?	1
Trying to steal my bird?	Plan to take my bird?	1
The projects designated are eligible for Community support in accordance with the provisions of the Council Regulation laying down general rules for the granting of Community financial aid in the field of trans-European networks.	The projects designated are qualified for Community help in accordance with the provisions of the Council Regulation laying down general rules for the granting of Community financial aid in the field of trans-European networks.	1
The projects designated are eligible for Community support in accordance with the provisions of the Council Regulation laying down general rules for the granting of Community financial aid in the field of trans-European networks.	The projects designated are qualified for Community help in accordance with the regulations of the Council Regulation laying down general rules for the granting of Community financial aid in the field of trans-European networks.	1
The projects designated are eligible for Community support in accordance with the provisions of the Council Regulation laying down general rules for the granting of Community financial aid in the field of trans-European networks.	The projects designated are qualified for Community help in accordance with the regulations of the Council Regulation laying down general laws for the granting of Community financial aid in the field of trans-European networks.	1
The projects designated are eligible for Community support in accordance with the provisions of the Council Regulation laying down general rules for the granting of Community financial aid in the field of trans-European networks.	The projects designated are qualified for Community help in accordance with the regulations of the Council Regulation laying down general laws for the granting of Community financial help in the field of trans-European networks.	1
They are due to appear in the Brisbane Magistrates Court today.	They will be in the  Brisbane Magistrates Court.	0
The projects designated are eligible for Community support in accordance with the provisions of the Council Regulation laying down general rules for the granting of Community financial aid in the field of trans-European networks.	In accordance with the regulations of the Council Regulation and laying down general rules for the granting of Community financial help in the field of trans-European networks, the projects designated are qualified for Community help.	1
Tell Lucille about the disaster you had with the stationer's.	The issue must be discussed with Lucille	0
Tell Lucille about the disaster you had with the stationer's.	The stationer issue must be discussed with Lucille.	0
Tell Lucille about the disaster you had with the stationer's.	The stationer's issue must be discussed with Lucille.	0
Tell Lucille about the disaster you had with the stationer's.	The stationer issue you had must be discussed with Lucille.	0
Tell Lucille about the disaster you had with the stationer's.	The stationer issue you had must be talked with Lucille.	0
Tell Lucille about the disaster you had with the stationer's.	The stationer's issue you had must be talked with Lucille.	0
Tell Lucille about the disaster you had with the stationer's.	The stationer's disaster you had must be talked with Lucille.	1
Tell Lucille about the disaster you had with the stationer's.	The disaster you had must be talked with Lucille.	0
Tell Lucille about the disaster you had with the stationer's.	The stationer disaster you had must be talked with Lucille.	1
Did you get a chance to use it?	Were you able to use it?	1
Did you get a chance to use it?	Were you able to manage it?	1
Did you get a chance to use it?	Were you able to manage?	0
To add a role, click Add or remove a role.	The step to add a role is to click on Add or remove a role option.	1
Did you get a chance to use it?	Were you able to manage it?	1
Our fight is not yet finished.	Our battle is not done.	1
To add a role, click Add or remove a role.	By clicking on Add or remove a role option, you can add a role.	1
Not even when the ladies leave the seat down.	It was left up even by the women.	0
Our fight is not yet finished.	Our fight is not done.	1
To add a role, click Add or remove a role.	The step to add a role is to click on Add or remove a role option.	1
Our fight is not yet finished.	Our battle is not finished.	1
Not even when the ladies leave the seat down.	The seat was left up even by the women.	0
Not even when the ladies leave the seat down.	The seat was left up even by the women.	0
Not even when the ladies leave the seat down.	The seat down was left up even by the women.	0
Did you fall?	Did you slip?	0
Not even when the ladies leave the seat down.	The seat was left up even by the females.	0
Not even when the ladies leave the seat down.	The seat was left up even by the women.	0
Did you fall?	Did you came from top due to gravity?	0
Not even when the ladies leave the seat down.	When the seat was left up even by the women.	0
Not even when the ladies leave the seat down.	The seat was left up even by the women.	0
Not even when the ladies leave the seat down.	The seat was even left up by the women.	0
Not even when the ladies leave the seat down.	The seat was even left up by when the women.	0
The budget fell steadily until dropping as low as $2.93 billion in 1998 and has gradually risen to $3.27 billion for fiscal 2002.	In the year 1998, the budget fell steadily until dropping as low as $2.93, whereas in the year 2002, it has gradually risen to $3.27 billion for fiscal.	1
You no-good sons of bitches.	Damn cunts	0
You no-good sons of bitches.	Damn bitches.	0
Did you fall?	Did you fail?	1
I just wanna walk in with you.	I want to come in with you.	1
Special Populations	Special type of populations	1
You no-good sons of bitches.	Hey cunts.	0
Special Populations	Special kind of populations	1
I just wanna walk in with you.	I need to come in with you.	1
Let's go.	I think we are ready to move on.	0
You no-good sons of bitches.	Hey miserable cunts.	1
You no-good sons of bitches.	Miserable cunts.	1
Let's go.	We can move now.	1
I just wanna walk in with you.	I just want to come in with you.	1
I just wanna walk in with you.	I'll walk there with you.	0
Special Populations	These populations are special kind	1
I just wanna walk in with you.	I'll step in beside you.	0
Special Populations	These populations are very special kind	1
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.	Al Larsen, who is 31 years old, was in another vehicle that glided off the freeway and is also being searched for.	0
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.	Al Larsen, who is 31 years old, was in another vehicle that glided off the freeway and is also missing.	0
Special Populations	These populations are Special kind	1
Special Populations	These populations are Special kind.	1
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.	Al Larsen, who is 31, was in another vehicle that glided off the freeway and is also missing.	0
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	The forms about previous marriages	0
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	The forms about previous marriages had been lied on.	0
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.	Al Larsen, who is 31, was in another vehicle that glided off the turnpike and is also missing.	0
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	The form about previous marriages had been lied on.	0
"""Yes, you did."""	"""Yup, you have"""	1
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	The sworn form about previous marriages had been lied on.	0
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.	Al Larsen, who is 31, was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike and is also missing.	0
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	The affidavit about previous marriages had been lied on.	0
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	The affidavit about previous marriages had been lied on by him.	0
The charges were dismissed in Franklin County Municipal Court.	Franklin County Municipal Court solved the case.	0
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	The sworn affidavit about previous marriages had been lied on by him.	1
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.	Al Larsen, who is 31 and from Fort Worth, Texas, was in another vehicle that glided off the freeway and is also missing.	0
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	The sworn form about previous marriages had been lied on by him.	0
Your discoveries are fascinating.	What you realized is great.	1
Also missing is Al Larsen, 31, of Fort Worth, Texas, who was in another vehicle swept off the turnpike.	Al Larsen, who is 31 and from Fort Worth, Texas, was in another vehicle that glided off the turnpike and is also missing.	1
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	The sworn affidavit about previous marriages had been lied on by him.	1
The charges were dismissed in Franklin County Municipal Court.	The case was solved in Franklin County Municipal Court	0
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	The sworn affidavit about previous marriages had been lied on.	0
Did you see who left the wine bottles?	Did you notice who left the wine bottles behind?	1
He said they lied on a sworn affidavit that requires them to list prior marriages.	The sworn affidavit about previous marriages had been lied on by the man.	1
Did you see who left the wine bottles?	Did you notice who left the wine bottles?	1
The charges were dismissed in Franklin County Municipal Court.	Franklin County Municipal Court dismissed the charges.	1
Did you see who left the wine bottles?	Did you see who kept the wine bottles?	0
The charges were dismissed in Franklin County Municipal Court.	Franklin County Municipal Court dropped the charges.	1
The charges were dismissed in Franklin County Municipal Court.	Franklin County Municipal Court dropped the punishments.	1
The school is brilliant.	The school is awesome.	1
The school is brilliant.	The school is great	1
The school is brilliant.	Great as the school.	1
OK.	Sure.	1
OK.	For sure.	0
OK.	Why not?	0
OK.	Sure.	1
OK.	Alright.	1
First, it's found in most versions of Windows, including the new Windows Server 2003.	It can be seen in most windows including Windows Sever 2003.	1
OK.	K.	1
That is enough.	More than enough.	1
That is enough.	That's fine.	1
He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.	$2,000 was given back due to the error.	0
That is enough.	That's good.	0
He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.	$2,000 was given back due to his error.	0
That is enough.	That is perfect.	0
He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.	$2,000 was given back due to his error.	0
That is enough.	That is great.	0
He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.	$2,000 was given back to party due to his error.	1
That is enough.	Perfect, enough.	0
He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.	$2,000 was given back to party due to an error.	0
That is enough.	That is okay.	1
He said it was a mistake, and he reimbursed the party nearly $2,000.	$2,000 was given back to party due to his error.	1
I just don't understand.	I don't get it.	1
I just don't understand.	Why?	0
I just don't understand.	I don't know why.	0
Good luck.	Best wishes.	1
Good luck.	Best wishes	1
Please.	If you wish.	0
I just don't understand.	I can't get it.	1
Good luck.	Take care.	1
No.	Nah.	1
Good luck.	Fortune.	1
Okay, that's what I call being prepared.	Okay, that's being ready.	1
An 18-month run for it in Toronto was originally planned as part of a North American tour.	North American tour included an 18-month run in Toronto for it initially.	1
Excuse me, sir? - Thank you.	Excuse me, man? - Thanks.	1
Excuse me, sir? - Thank you.	Excuse me, sir? - Thanks.	1
If so powerful you are, why leave?	You wouldn't disperse with such strength.	0
If so powerful you are, why leave?	You wouldn't disperse with such power.	1
Interference now on all our scans.	We've been scrambled.	0
'Cause you fucking put me through pain.	'cause you tortured me.	1
Why would he ask you that?	Why would he question that?	1
Interference now on all our scans.	Signal is jammed.	0
My plane leaves in an hour.	The plane for which I booked the ticket leaves in an hour.	0
Interference now on all our scans.	Signal is interfered.	0
Watch it.	Pay attention.	1
My plane leaves in an hour.	The plane for which I booked leaves in an hour.	0
Watch it.	Pay attention.	1
Interference now on all our scans.	Signal scans is jammed.	0
Interference now on all our scans.	Our signal is jammed.	0
Interference now on all our scans.	All Our signal is jammed.	0
My plane leaves in an hour.	In an hour I will leave my plane.	1
Interference now on all our scans.	All Our signals is jammed.	0
Interference now on all our scans.	All Our signals are jammed.	0
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.	The report states that the computers were located in the U.S, Canada and south Korea	1
Interference now on all our scans.	All Ourscans are jammed.	0
Interference now on all our scans.	All Our scans are jammed.	0
Interference now on all our scans.	All our scans are jammed.	0
Interference now on all our scans.	All our scans are interfered.	1
The computers were reportedly located in the U.S., Canada and South Korea.	The report is the computers were located in the U.S, Canada and south Korea	1
Interference now on all our scans.	Our scans are interfered.	0
Interference now on all our scans.	All our scans are interfered.	1
And they had good taste, too.	They also got similar taste like us.	0
Every guy in here, a fist.	They're all here.	0
And they had good taste, too.	They also got similar taste.	0
And they had good taste, too.	They also got similar opinion.	0
Every guy in here, a fist.	First time they're all here.	0
Washing a leper.	Cleaning a leper.	1
And they had good taste, too.	They also got same opinion.	0
Every guy in here, a fist.	Fist time they're all here.	0
Washing a leper.	Wash a leper.	1
Every guy in here, a fist.	All the men are here	0
And they had good taste, too.	They tasted better.	0
Every guy in here, a fist.	All the fist men are here.	0
What's that story?	What's the idea?	1
And they had good taste, too.	They had a better taste	1
Every guy in here, a fist.	Every men are here.	0
Every guy in here, a fist.	Every fist men is here.	1
Gina, Tea's out of vitamins.	Gina's tea doesn't have vitamins?	1
Returning, he held the box to Patricia and instructed her to open it.	Returning, he held the box to Patricia and instructed her to open it	1
Kind ofretarded or something back in school.	Kind ofretarded at school back then.	1
Returning, he held the box to Patricia and instructed her to open it.	very different	0
Scram!	Get out!	0
No, Georgia, you are not leaving me right now, okay?	ok	0
Scram!	Leave!	0
Scram!	GO away!	0
Scram!	Go away!	0
Scram!	Bye	0
Hold it.	Hold on.	1
Hold it.	Keep it.	1
They fear the treatment would leave 12-year-old Parker Jensen sterile and stunt his growth.	They believed that the 12-year-old Parker Jensen would have stunted growth and become sterile due to the treatment	1
"Glover said the killer used a ""peculiar slipknot"" on the ligature he used to strangle some of the victims."	"With the help of a ""peculiar slipknot"" the killer strangled some of the victims on the ligature said by Glover."	1
Hold it.	Hold onto it.	1
Hold it.	Keep it.	1
Hold it.	Hold on.	1
You look like a slut.	You look like a whore.	1
Hi.	Yo.	1
The FBI later learned that two of the hijackers had lived near Awadallah in San Diego.	The FBI later came to know about the location of the two hijackers that was Awadallah in San Diego.	1
Sunnis make up 77 percent of Pakistan's population, Shiites 20 percent.	Pakistan's population comprises of 77 percent of Sunnis along with 20 percent of Shiites.	1
It will also boost SuSE's sales reach worldwide and enhance HP's Linux business, they said.	They said that it will enhance HP's Linux business along with boosting of SuSE's sales to reach worldwide	1
Sorry.	Forgive me.	1
12 – Marked ‘B’.	12 was marked as 'B'	1
She will be transporting... the samples from the contestant to another nurse.	The samples from the contestant will be transported by her to another nurse.	1
"""There's nothing we can do to stop"" the water flow, Stegman said."	Stegman said that the water flow cannot be stopped.	1
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.	Last season in the league Heatley placed sixth in goals with 41 and ninth in points with 89.	1
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.	Last season in the league Heatley placed sixth in goals by having 41 and ninth in points with 89.	1
Heatley was sixth in the league in goals last season with 41 and ninth in points with 89.	Last season in the league Heatley placed sixth in goals by having 41 and ninth in points having 89.	1
Whitney said officials evacuated a YMCA camp that had been scheduled to host 250 people beginning Sunday.	Authorities have cleared out a YMCA camp that was supposed to host 250 people starting Sunday according to Whitney.	1
The financial costs shall be a flat-rate sum of EUR 10 per tonne for 2001.	During 2001 the financial costs can be a nominal rate of EUR 10 per tonne.	1
Whitney said officials evacuated a YMCA camp that had been scheduled to host 250 people beginning Sunday.	A YMCA camp that was supposed to host 250 people starting Sunday has been ordered clear by authorities according to Whitney.	1
Yeah, you made that joke already.	Yes of-course you presented that joke prior.	1
Whitney said officials evacuated a YMCA camp that had been scheduled to host 250 people beginning Sunday.	A YMCA camp that was supposed to host 250 people starting Sunday has been ordered to be cleared by authorities according to Whitney.	1
Whitney said officials evacuated a YMCA camp that had been scheduled to host 250 people beginning Sunday.	A YMCA camp that was supposed to host 250 people starting Sunday has been ordered cleared by authorities according to Whitney.	1
Whitney said officials evacuated a YMCA camp that had been scheduled to host 250 people beginning Sunday.	A YMCA camp that was supposed to host 250 people starting Sunday has been ordered cleared by authorities according to Whitney.	1
Whitney said officials evacuated a YMCA camp that had been scheduled to host 250 people beginning Sunday.	A YMCA camp that was supposed to host 250 people starting Sunday has been ordered to be cleared by authorities according to Whitney.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI jumped 118 points, or 1.36 percent, to 8,829.	The industrial average of Dow Jones which is a blue-chip increased 118 points to 8,829 otherwise 1.36 percent.	1
The radio station is having an open doors day.	A radio station is having an open doors day.	1
Where a travel agent carries out a sale to another travel agent, it would then be necessary, according to the Commission, to calculate the margin referred to in the third sentence of Article 26(2) by taking into account the difference between the amount to be paid by the traveller and the cost to the first agent, which would be irrelevant where there is no connection between the first agent and the traveller.		0
Where a travel agent carries out a sale to another travel agent, it would then be necessary, according to the Commission, to calculate the margin referred to in the third sentence of Article 26(2) by taking into account the difference between the amount to be paid by the traveller and the cost to the first agent, which would be irrelevant where there is no connection between the first agent and the traveller.	Where a travel agent carries out a sale to another travel agent, it would then be necessary, according to the Commission, to calculate the margin referred to in the third sentence of Article 26(2) by taking into account the difference between the amount to be paid by the traveller and the cost to the first agent, which would be irrelevant where there is no connection between the first agent and the traveler.	1
The radio station is having an open doors day.	A radio station is having a day in which anyone can visit.	1
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.	A candidate can be promoted, supported, attacked or opposed by the rule bars groups coming from airing ads.	0
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.	A candidate can be promoted, supported, attacked or opposed by the rule bars groups from airing ads.	0
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.	A candidate can be promoted, supported, attacked or opposed from airing ads from the ruler bars.	0
The rule bars groups from airing ads that promote, support, attack or oppose a candidate at any time.	A candidate can be promoted, supported, attacked or opposed by airing ads from the ruler bars.	0
Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.	Last year's winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, Mr. Carter, met today with the prime minister of Japan, Junichiro Koizumi.	1
Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.	Previous winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, Mr. Carter, met today with the prime minister of Japan, Junichiro Koizumi.	0
Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.	The previous winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, Mr. Carter, met today with the prime minister of Japan, Junichiro Koizumi.	0
Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.	Last year's winner of the Nobel Peace Prize, Mr. Carter, met today with Junichiro Koizumi, the current prime minister of Japan.	1
Amrozi said Jews and the US and its allies had evil plans to colonise countries like Indonesia.	In-order to colonise countries like Indonesia, Jews and US and its allies made evil plans which was said by Amrozi	1
Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.	Last year's recipiant of the Nobel Peace Prize, Mr. Carter, met today with Junichiro Koizumi, the current prime minister of Japan.	1
Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.	Last year's recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize, Mr. Carter, met today with Junichiro Koizumi, the current prime minister of Japan.	1
Mr. Carter, who won the Nobel Peace Prize last year, met here today with Japan's prime minister, Junichiro Koizumi.	Last year's recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize, Mr. Carter, had a meeting today with Junichiro Koizumi, the current prime minister of Japan.	1
He's dead because of you!	He's no longer with us and it's all your fault!	1
I never knew my mother; I never felt her touch, nor her love.	I did not have a mother's love, her touch as I am unaware of my mother.	1
I puked like a pig!	I vomited like a pig.	1
Moon's still out.	Still the moon is present outside.	1
We can end this threat for good.	We can solve this problem for everyone's good.	0
We can end this threat for good.	We can finish this danger for everyone's good.	0
We can end this threat for good.	This threat can be ended by us for good.	1
I knew that.	I am aware of that.	1
I knew that.	I am aware of that already.	1
I knew that.	I am aware of that prior.	1
"I'm freezing my ass off out here."""	I'm going out of this cold.	0
"I'm freezing my ass off out here."""	I'm getting out of here.	0
“Brock’s longboat’s coming ashore, sorr.”	It is Brock's longboat's which is coming ashore.	0
Better to think of your future.	It's always best to think of what lies ahead of you.	0
Better to think of your future.	It's always better to think of what lies ahead of you.	0
Better to think of your future.	Look before you leap.	0
Toll, Australia's second-largest transport company, last week offered NZ75 a share for Tranz Rail.	Last week a share for Tranz Rail named NZ75 offered by Australia's second-largest transport company named Toll	1
Not for me.	It is not allotted to me.	0
Better to think of your future.	It's desirable to ruminate on your future.	1
Not for me.	I am not eligible for that.	0
Not for me.	It is for someone.	0
If the Angels are ever to repeat the Second Impact... ...humanity would surely perish.	Second impact of Angels would perish humanity.	0
She was on display.	Her image was displayed.	1
Rumours swirled among market participants that Japan may have intervened overnight when the yen appreciated to 116 per dollar.	Rumors swept through the market that Japan may have stepped in overnight when the yen's value moved to 116 per dollar.	1
The front door was flanked by two panels of glass.	Two glass panels flanked the front door.	1
The front door was flanked by two panels of glass.	Two glass panels was placed on the side of the front door.	1
Sure.	Absolutely.	1
Sure.	Definitely	1
Sure.	Certainly	1
Sure.	Obviously	0
Sure.	For certain	1
Shelly Wagner, captain of the cheer team.	Shelly Wagner leads the cheer team.	0
Shelly Wagner, captain of the cheer team.	Shelly Wagner is the leader of the cheer team.	1
A final decision on his fate, including the power of the death penalty, lay with President Bush.	At last the decision is with President Bush.	0
A final decision on his fate, including the power of the death penalty, lay with President Bush.	At last the decision is with President Bush even the power of death penalty.	1
You'il crack!	You will succeed.	0
You'il crack!	You will fail.	0
You'il crack!	You will break it.	0
Rumours swirled among market participants that Japan may have intervened overnight when the yen appreciated to 116 per dollar.	Gossip swept through the market that Japan may have stepped in overnight when the yen's value moved to 116 per dollar.	1
You'il crack!	You will solve it	0
Rumours swirled among market participants that Japan may have intervened overnight when the yen appreciated to 116 per dollar.	After the yen's value moved to 116 per dollar gossip began sweeping through the market that Japan may have stepped in to intervene.	0
Great. Excellent.	Outstanding	1
Great. Excellent.	Very good, Outstanding	1
Great. Excellent.	Terrific	1
Great. Excellent.	Exceptional	1
Great. Excellent.	Marvelous	1
Great. Excellent.	Superb	1
Great. Excellent.	Outstanding	1
Muslim terrorist al-Zawahri made this statement :	The statement was given by Muslim terrorist al-Zawahri	1
Predictions ranged from 16 cents a share to 27 cents a share, according to Thomson First Call.		0
Towers flashed past, wavering.		0
The ambassador said it was up to the Americans to press the Iraqis to make the invitation, which he said the United States appears unwilling to do.		0
Late last month Microsoft restricted access to its MSN Messenger network.		0
Really?		0
Form of order sought annul the decision of the Appointing Authority dated 24 October 2008 and the opinion of the Reports Committee dated 8 October 2008, the two probationary period reports established by the assessor, dated 22 February 2008 and 10 June 2008, respectively, and also the decision of the Appointing Authority dated 18 April 2008 to extend the probationary period; establish the applicant as an official as from 1 March 2008, and also grant her entitlement to compensation corresponding to the difference between the remuneration she would have received had she been established as an official on 1 March 2008 and the emoluments she has actually received as from that date until the date of judgment; otherwise, in the alternative, reinstate the applicant in her functions as a probationary official either in the same unit where she was prior to her dismissal or in another unit in the institution in order that she may complete a fresh probationary period; order the defendant to pay compensation in the amount of EUR 5 000 by way of damages for non-pecuniary losses suffered;		0
Form of order sought annul the decision of the Appointing Authority dated 24 October 2008 and the opinion of the Reports Committee dated 8 October 2008, the two probationary period reports established by the assessor, dated 22 February 2008 and 10 June 2008, respectively, and also the decision of the Appointing Authority dated 18 April 2008 to extend the probationary period; establish the applicant as an official as from 1 March 2008, and also grant her entitlement to compensation corresponding to the difference between the remuneration she would have received had she been established as an official on 1 March 2008 and the emoluments she has actually received as from that date until the date of judgment; otherwise, in the alternative, reinstate the applicant in her functions as a probationary official either in the same unit where she was prior to her dismissal or in another unit in the institution in order that she may complete a fresh probationary period; order the defendant to pay compensation in the amount of EUR 5 000 by way of damages for non-pecuniary losses suffered;	Form of order sought annul the decision of the Appointing Authority dated 24 October 2008 and the opinion of the Reports Committee dated 8 October 2008, the two probationary period reports established by the assessor, dated 22 February 2008 and 10 June 2008, respectively, and also the decision of the Appointing Authority dated 18 April 2008 to extend the probationary period; establish the applicant as an official as from 1 March 2008	0
Form of order sought annul the decision of the Appointing Authority dated 24 October 2008 and the opinion of the Reports Committee dated 8 October 2008, the two probationary period reports established by the assessor, dated 22 February 2008 and 10 June 2008, respectively, and also the decision of the Appointing Authority dated 18 April 2008 to extend the probationary period; establish the applicant as an official as from 1 March 2008, and also grant her entitlement to compensation corresponding to the difference between the remuneration she would have received had she been established as an official on 1 March 2008 and the emoluments she has actually received as from that date until the date of judgment; otherwise, in the alternative, reinstate the applicant in her functions as a probationary official either in the same unit where she was prior to her dismissal or in another unit in the institution in order that she may complete a fresh probationary period; order the defendant to pay compensation in the amount of EUR 5 000 by way of damages for non-pecuniary losses suffered;	very good and fine alife are a time and fine a good	0
Code 14.	love and fien	0
Following California's lead, several states and the federal government passed similar or stricter bans.	love and like	0
I mean your parents live in a trailer park in a field.	your parents live in a trailer park in a field.said mean	1
I mean your parents live in a trailer park in a field.	your parents live in a trailer park in a field said mean	1
Don't forget me	me don't forget	1
Peterson, 27, was eight months pregnant when she disappeared in the days before Christmas.	disappeared in the days before christmas she but 27 age is eight months pregnant in peterson	1
That information was first reported in today's editions of the New York Times.	the new york time that information was first reported in today's editions	0
That information was first reported in today's editions of the New York Times.	the new york time that edition was first reported in today's information	0
That information was first reported in today's editions of the New York Times.	the new york time that edition was first reported in today's information	0
That information was first reported in today's editions of the New York Times.	the information was new york time in first reported in today's editions	0
That information was first reported in today's editions of the New York Times.	the information was new York time in first reported in today's editions	0
That information was first reported in today's editions of the New York Times.	that information was new York time in first reported in today's editions	0
That information was first reported in today's editions of the New York Times.	That data was first detailed in the present versions of the New York Times.	1
Look, why don't I just leave these with you?	look.you don't leave with me why?	0
Look, why don't I just leave these with you?	look. i just leave these don't with you why?	0
Look, why don't I just leave these with you?	See, for what reason don't I simply leave these with you?	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	Prior to the impact, Wells advised police he had been compelled to ransack the bank and requested that police assist him with eliminating the bomb.	1
Before the blast, Wells told police he had been forced to rob the bank and asked police to help him remove the bomb.	Prior to the impact, Wells advised police he had been compelled to ransack the bank and requested that police assist him with eliminating the bomb.	1
Can I help you?	can i help with me	0
Can I help you?	you help with me	0
Can I help you?	help with you? said me	1
With this cart I have developed an even better and more foolproof plan.	With this truck I have built up a far superior and more idiot proof arrangement.	0
With this cart I have developed an even better and more foolproof plan.	i have developed an even better and more fool proof plan use this cart	1
Blair took over the Labour Party when his predecessor John Smith died of a heart attack in 1994.	Blair assumed control over the Labor Party when his archetype John Smith passed on of a cardiovascular failure in 1994.	1
I think we both know that I deserve to get super laid for this.	i deserve to get super laid for this said i think we both know that	1
No, we'il call you soon.	don't call we will you	0
No, we'il call you soon.	don't call we will you soon	0
No, we'il call you soon.	don't we will call you soon	1
OK, here's the number.	the number is here. ok	1
The man lying in that room is not just a colleague.	the room is  a man lying in not just colleague	1
You didn't pull up in a truck.	a truck up in a pull did not you	1
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.		0
It's not happening with him.		0
Fighting has continued sporadically in the west, where it is complicated by the presence of battle-hardened Liberians on both sides.	Cote d'Ivoire Post-Gbagbo: Crisis Recovery - Federation of ...fas.org › sgp › crs › row PDF Apr 20, 2011 — residual fighting was continuing to occur as of April 20. ... Continued political volatility is likely, both due to the divisions ... Gbagbo's detention followed days of heavy combat in Abidjan and ... “All Sides in Ivory Coast to Face Justice, Ouattara Says,” April 13, 2011 ... France's Military Presence in Côte d'Ivoire.	0
He's learning.	william is learning	0
He's learning.	Is he learning	0
The state's House delegation currently consists of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.	The state's House delegation presently consists of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.	1
The state's House delegation currently consists of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.	The state's House delegation presently made up  of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.	1
The state's House delegation currently consists of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.	The state's House delegation presently made up  of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.	1
The state's House delegation currently consists of 17 Democrats and 15 Republicans.	Seventeen  Democrats and 15 Republicans presently make up the state's House delegation.	1
Give them their daily minimum dose of Chuck.	45	0
Give them their daily minimum dose of Chuck.	the minimum dose i chuck is 45	0
Give them their daily minimum dose of Chuck.	the minimum dose i chuck is 45	0
"""Of course the FBI agent who ran him down received nothing,"" Mr. Connolly said."	good i do a correct survey but it going to be a fault	0
Oh, nice to meet you all.	good	0
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was off 5.53 points, or 0.33 percent, at 1,662.91.	345	0
So Dusty starts to think that an erroneous execution is a lot more politically useful than a last-minute save.	good	0
So Dusty starts to think that an erroneous execution is a lot more politically useful than a last-minute save.	good	0
"He was always on the road."""	good	0
Then he turned and offered his hand to Benedetti.	good	0
Multi-tree square	good	0
That's good.	good	1
That's good.	good	1
That's good.	good	1
Only Intel Corp. has a lower dividend yield.	corp	0
"""Ex-Im board members displayed courage and environmental leadership in the face of considerable pressure,"" Jon Sohn of Friends of the Earth said after the panel's vote."	good friendship	0
I set him free.	I settled gim to sit in free.	0
I set him free.	I settled him to sit in free.	0
I set him free.	I settled him to sit in free.	0
I set him free.	I set this place to set him free,	0
I set him free.	I set this place to set him free.	0
I set him free.	I SET HIM TO HIM FREE.	1
How comeyou're telling lies?	HOW COME YOU ARE TELLING LIES?	1
HiddenFlags	HIDDEN FLAGS	1
Juliana: In a way, yes.	JULIANA IN A WAY YES	1
"""Alex, that's pretty good."""	ALEX THAT PRETTY GOOD	1
"""You know them?”"	YOU KNOW THEM	0
"""You know them?”"	YOU KNOW THEM?	1
"""You know them?”"	YOU KNOW HOW TO HANDLE THEM?	0
"""You know them?”"	"""YOU KNOW HOW TO HANDLE THEM?"""	0
Congress twice before passed similar restrictions only to see President Bill Clinton veto them.	CONGRESS WINNING TWICE BEFORE IN PASSED THE ELECTION	0
All right. So, Liz, listen.	OKAY LIZ YOU CAN PLEASE LISTEN NOW?	1
Just what we could see in the headlights.	JUST WHAT YOU SEE IN THA HEADLIGHTS	1
Fuck off.		0
Fuck off.	"Back. Loading... Top definition. fuck off. 1. An offensive term to tell someone to go away. ""Excuse me sir, do you have a minute to talk about our lord and savi"	0
My little sanctuary, he always called it.	Yet will I be to them as a little sanctuary in the countries where they shall ... For all that tyrants and persecutors have ever done, yet the Jew is still extant ... Is it not still true of us, as well as of our Saviour, “Out of Egypt have I called my Son	0
My little sanctuary, he always called it.	My little sanctuary, he always called it. Just saying the word “sanctuary” brings one a sense of peace and safety. It can bring back conflicted memories for some, but for most of us the idea of sanctuary conjures up feelings of being protected	0
Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped from 29.4 to 32.6, while those claiming work was plentiful slipped from 13 to 12.6.	A change in consumer opinions on the difficulty of finding jobs differed from 29.4 to 32.6, and consumers claiming and abundance of work differed from 13 to 12.6.	1
Consumers who said jobs are difficult to find jumped from 29.4 to 32.6, while those claiming work was plentiful slipped from 13 to 12.6.	A change in consumer opinions on the difficulty of finding jobs differed from 29.4 to 32.6, and consumers claiming an abundance of work differed from 13 to 12.6.	1
My little sanctuary, he always called it.	HE CALLED THE LITTLE SANCTUARY	0
Not because he's good looking, but... because he's more myself than I am.	I like him because he is more like me than I am.	0
Not because he's good looking, but... because he's more myself than I am.	Not because of his looks, but because he is very much like myself.	1
Microsoft, which acquired Virtual PC from Connectix in February, said a fix for the problem is not around the corner.	Even though Microsoft acquired Virtual PC, which was owned by Connectix, in February, the company thinks there will still be kinks in the system.	0
"SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a ""building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."""	"The SEC Chairman, William Donaldson, said there is a ""growing confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."""	1
But it is our duty and our honour.	Insisting that it is our responsibility and honor.	1
Get out!	leave now!	1
Microsoft, which acquired Virtual PC from Connectix in February, said a fix for the problem is not around the corner.	A resolution for the problem is not eminent even though Microsoft acquired Virtual PC from Connectix in February.	1
"SEC Chairman William Donaldson said there is a ""building confidence out there that the cop is on the beat."""	"There is a ""growing faith out there that the cop is on the beat,"" says SEC Chairman William Donaldson."	1
In May, Mr. Hatfill said he was struck by a vehicle being driven by an FBI employee who was tailing him in Georgetown.	Mr. Hatfill stated in May that he was hit by a vehicle driven by an employee of the FBI that was following him in Georgetown.	1
If TRUE, the password will expire.	The password will lapse if true.	1
In May, Mr. Hatfill said he was struck by a vehicle being driven by an FBI employee who was tailing him in Georgetown.	Mr. Hatfill stated in May that he was in a vehicle accident caused by an employee of the FBI that was following him in Georgetown.	1
Lady Margolotta drifted closer.	Lady Margolotta slowly came nearer.	1
In May, Mr. Hatfill said he was struck by a vehicle being driven by an FBI employee who was tailing him in Georgetown.	Mr. Hatfill stated in May that he was in a vehicle accident caused by an employee of the FBI that was following him in Georgetown.	1
Lady Margolotta drifted closer.	Lady Margolotta came closer.	1
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	The PowderJect shareholders accepted 20 percent from Chiron.	0
Lady Margolotta drifted closer.	She came nearer, Lady Margolotta.	1
Pharmacy Guild president Richard Heslop said many pharmacy customers were also returning recalled products.	Many patrons of the pharmacy were also bringing back recalled products, said Pharmacy Guild president Richard Heslop.	1
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	Chiron received 20 percent of acceptances from shareholders.	0
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	Chiron received 20 percent of acceptances from shareholders.	0
It is publishing the studies in the July issue of its Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology.	It is going to release their findings in the July issue of its Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology.	1
Chiron already has nearly 20 percent acceptances from PowderJect's shareholders.	Chiron received 20 percent of acceptances from shareholders of PowderJect.	0
"""We have found the smoking gun,"" board member Scott Hubbard said."	Scott Hubbard enthusiastically announced that they found the evidence to the rest of the board.	0
State health officials said Monday a young northeast Kansas woman likely has the state's first case of monkeypox among humans or animals.	The state's first likely case of monkeypox among both humans or animals is a young Kansas woman, state health officials announced on Monday.	0
Of 456 women who had experienced stress, 24 (5.3%) had developed breast cancer.	24 (5.3 percent) of 456 women who had undergone stress had developed breast cancer.	1
"""We have found the smoking gun,"" board member Scott Hubbard said."	"""We have the evidence we need"", said board member Scott Hubard."	0
"""We have found the smoking gun,"" board member Scott Hubbard said."	"""We have the evidence we need"", said board member Scott Hubard."	0
"""We have found the smoking gun,"" board member Scott Hubbard said."	"""We have the evidence we need"", said board member Scott Hubbard."	0
Of 456 women who had experienced stress, 24 (5.3%) had developed breast cancer.	24 (5.3 percent) of 456 women who had undergone mental strain had developed breast cancer.	1
Of 456 women who had experienced stress, 24 (5.3%) had developed breast cancer.		0
Of 456 women who had experienced stress, 24 (5.3%) had developed breast cancer.	24 (5.3 percent) of 456 women who had undergone mental strain had developed breast cancer.	1
"""We have found the smoking gun,"" board member Scott Hubbard said."	"Scott Hubbard told the other board members, ""We have found the smoking gun""."	0
Of 456 women who had experienced stress, 24 (5.3%) had developed breast cancer.	Around 5.3 percent i.e 24 out of 456 women who had undergone mental strain had developed breast cancer.	1
"""We have found the smoking gun,"" board member Scott Hubbard said."	"Board member Scott Hubbard told the others , ""We have found the smoking gun""."	0
"""We have found the smoking gun,"" board member Scott Hubbard said."	"""We have found the evidence we need"" board member Scott Hubbard said."	0
"""We have found the smoking gun,"" board member Scott Hubbard said."	"""We have found the evidence we need"" board member Scott Hubbard said."	0
“Beats me,” Smithback said.	“I'm stumped,” Smithback said.	1
"""We have found the smoking gun,"" board member Scott Hubbard said."	I think we have the smoking gun, Scott Hubbard told the rest of the board	0
"""We have found the smoking gun,"" board member Scott Hubbard said."	I think we have the smoking gun, Scott Hubbard told the rest of the board	0
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.	The prices of energy plummeted by 8.6% which is the largest fall since 1986.	0
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.	The prices of energy plummeted by 8.6%, which is the largest fall since 1986.	0
Article 1 Benzoic acid shall be approved as an active substance for use in biocidal products for product-types 3 and 4, subject to the specifications and conditions set out in the Annex.	Article 1 Benzoic acid is pending approval as an active substance for use in biocidal products for the 3 and 4 varities of products, and the conditions set out in the Annex still apply as always.	1
Water samples are being tested in a state lab to determine what caused the reaction.	Samples of water are being used to figure out how the reaction occurred, this is being done in a state lab.	1
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.	The energy prices plummeted by 8.6%, which is the largest fall since 1986.	0
Water samples are being tested in a state lab to determine what caused the reaction.	Samples of water are being used to figure out how the reaction occurred, this is all being done in a state lab to make the determination.	1
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.	The energy expenses plummeted by 8.6%, which is the largest fall since 1986.	0
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.	The energy expenses plummeted by 8.6 percent, which is the largest fall since 1986.	0
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.		0
Energy prices dropped by 8.6 percent, the biggest decline since July 1986.	The energy cost plummeted by 8.6 percent, which is the largest fall since 1986.	0
It says the intervention force will confiscate weapons, reform the police, strengthen the courts and prison system and protect key institutions such as the Finance Ministry.	The finance ministry and other similar institutions will be protected by the intervention force, in addition they will empower the courts, the prison system, institute police reform, and confiscate weapons.	1
Besides, I’ve got a full load of supplies for now.”	Other than, I’ve got a full stack of supplies for now.”	1
Monday, the CIA said analysts concluded that Saddam is likely the speaker on the tape.	According to the CIA as of Monday, the most likely speaker on the tape is Saddam.	0
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.	According to the report, 659 females registered at the academy.	1
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.	According to the report, 659 females registered at the academy.	1
Monday, the CIA said analysts concluded that Saddam is likely the speaker on the tape.	According to the CIA's statement Monday, the likely speaker on the tape is Saddam.	0
Monday, the CIA said analysts concluded that Saddam is likely the speaker on the tape.	According to the CIA's analysts on Monday, the likely speaker on the tape is Saddam.	1
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.	According to the report, 659 females are enlisted at the institute.	0
Colloquially called the hobo spider.	This species is often called the hobo spider.	1
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.	According to the report, 659 females are enrolled at the institute.	0
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.	According to the report, 659 females are enrolled at the institute.	0
Sey...	Sey... was all that was there.	0
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.	According to the report, 659 females are enrolled at the institute.	0
Sey...	"""Sey..."""	1
Sey...	"""Sey..."" the speaker began"	1
There are a total of 659 women enrolled at the academy, the report said.	According to the report, 659 females are enlisted at the academy.	1
The farmers market reopened Saturday; at least 11 people remained hospitalized, three in critical condition.	Saturday, the farmers market reopened; at least 11 individuals remained hospitalized, three in critical condition.	1
Without the fleet, NASA has relied on the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory.	NASA has had to rely on the Russian program to get crew members as well as supplies for the International Space Station and the orbiting laboratory as they are now sans fleet.	1
God knows what they'il do with it.	To know what they plan to do would require divine omniscience.	0
God knows what they'il do with it.	To know what they plan to do would require the power of God.	0
God knows what they'il do with it.	I don't know what they plan to do with it as I'm not God.	0
God knows what they'il do with it.	Only God himself could tell what they plan to do with it.	1
Peterson, a former fertilizer salesman, is charged with murder in the deaths of his 27-year-old wife and the baby boy she was carrying.	In the homicide case of 27 years old female and his baby boy, her husband ex-fertilizer salesman Peterson is charged.	1
In the real world, with the floors creating resistance, a pancake collapse would lose speed - never would it gain speed	Realistically, the floors create resistance, and a pancake collapse would cause it to lose speed, never would it gain speed.	1
In the real world, with the floors creating resistance, a pancake collapse would lose speed - never would it gain speed	Realistically, the floors create resistance, and a pancake collapse would cause it to lose speed, never would it gain speed.	1
That sounds like fun.	It sounds kind of fun.	1
That sounds like fun.	It must be enjoyable.	0
That sounds like fun.	It must be fun.	0
That sounds like fun.	It sounds kind of fun.	1
In the real world, with the floors creating resistance, a pancake collapse would lose speed - never would it gain speed	The friction causes a pancake collapse, which causes it to lose speed, never again will it gain speed.	0
In the real world, with the floors creating resistance, a pancake collapse would lose speed - never would it gain speed	The friction causes a pancake collapse, which causes it to lose speed, never again will it gain speed.	0
In the real world, with the floors creating resistance, a pancake collapse would lose speed - never would it gain speed	In reality, with the floors causing friction. A pancake fall would lose velocity - never would it gain velocity.	1
In the real world, with the floors creating resistance, a pancake collapse would lose speed - never would it gain speed	In the real world, with the floors causing friction. A pancake fall would lose velocity - never would it gain velocity.	1
In the real world, with the floors creating resistance, a pancake collapse would lose speed - never would it gain speed	In the real world, with the floors causing friction. A pancake fall would lose speed - never would it gain velocity.	1
In the real world, with the floors creating resistance, a pancake collapse would lose speed - never would it gain speed	In the real world, with the floors creating friction. A pancake fall would lose speed - never would it gain velocity.	1
In the real world, with the floors creating resistance, a pancake collapse would lose speed - never would it gain speed	In the real world, with the floors creating friction. A pancake fall would lose speed - never would it gain speed.	1
In the real world, with the floors creating resistance, a pancake collapse would lose speed - never would it gain speed	In the real world, with the floors creating friction. A pancake fall would lose speed - never would it gain back velocity.	1
In the real world, with the floors creating resistance, a pancake collapse would lose speed - never would it gain speed	In the real world, with the floors creating friction. A pancake fall would lose velocity - never would it gain back velocity.	1
In the real world, with the floors creating resistance, a pancake collapse would lose speed - never would it gain speed	In the reality, with the floors creating friction. A pancake fall would lose velocity - never would it gain back velocity.	1
In the real world, with the floors creating resistance, a pancake collapse would lose speed - never would it gain speed	In reality, with the floors creating friction. A pancake fall would lose velocity - never would it gain back velocity.	1
The first name that came up was Jack Warch, former Special Agent in Charge of President Hayes’s Secret Service detail and recently promoted deputy director of the United States Secret Service.	Newly-appointed deputy director of the United States Secret Service Jack Warch was the first choice who also happened to be an ex-Special Agent in Charge of President Hayes’s Secret Service detail.	1
I don't understand any of this.	I can't comprehend this	1
I don't understand any of this.	I can't comprehend any of this	1
I don't understand any of this.	I don't understand at all	1
I don't understand any of this.	I don't understand at all.	1
I don't understand any of this.	I don't understand any of this at all	1
"""This is extraordinarily fast,"" said Matt Geller, an analyst at CIBC World Markets."	"CIBC World Markets's analyst Matt Geller said ""This is exceptionally quick,"""	1
I don't understand any of this.	I don't comprehend any of this at all.	1
I don't understand any of this.	I don't comprehend any of this at all.	1
I don't understand any of this.	I can't comprehend any of this at all.	1
I don't understand any of this.	I can't comprehend any of this at all.	1
I don't understand any of this.	I can't comprehend what is going on.	1
I don't understand any of this.	I can't comprehend what is going on.	1
The high Saturday is expected to be about 92 degrees, and it will likely drop to 90 degrees Sunday and Monday.	The high for Saturday is 92 degrees, and will most likely drop to 90 degrees for Sunday and Monday	1
Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton said a firefighter was struck by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.	According to Franklin County Judge-Executive Teresa Barton, a firefighter was hit by lightning and was taken to the Frankfort Regional Medical Center.	1
And you chose to unilaterally override their religious concerns?	And have you decided to circumvent their religious concerns unilaterally?	1
And you chose to unilaterally override their religious concerns?	And have you decided to go around their apprehensions about religions yourself?	1
Both were declared dead about 6 p.m. at Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center.	At Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center, both were announced dead.	0
Both were declared dead about 6 p.m. at Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center.	At Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center, both were announced dead around 6 p.m.	1
Both were declared dead about 6 p.m. at Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center.	At Brookdale University Hospital and Medical Center, both were pronounced dead around 6 p.m.	1
"And if we don't do this, innocent people on the ground are going to die, too."""		0
I'm a human being.	I am a man.	0
I'm a human being.	I'm a homo sapien.	1
Shut up.	Hold your tongue.	1
There you are.	I found you.	0
There you are.	You are here.	1
Initial reports said the attackers fired from a mosque within in the city, 30 miles west of Baghdad.	First accounts reported that the attack came from, 30 miles west of Baghdad, from inside a mosque.	1
Initial reports said the attackers fired from a mosque within in the city, 30 miles west of Baghdad.	First accounts reported that the attack came from, 30 miles west of Baghdad, from inside a mosque.	1
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.	By law, smoking inside bars is not only not allowed in Montgomery but also in cities like New York	0
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Intel updated investors halfway through the quarterand indicated business was on target.	1
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Intel updated investors halfway through the quarterand indicated business was on target.	1
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Intel updated investors halfway through the quarterand indicated business was on target.	1
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Intel updated investors halfway through the quarter and indicated business was on target.	1
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.	By law, smoking inside bars is prohibited not only in Montgomery but also in cities like New York.	0
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Intel updated investors halfway through the quarter and indicated business was moving ahead as planned.	1
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Intel updated investors halfway through the quarter and indicated business was moving ahead as planned.	1
Montgomery was one of the first places to enact such a law, but many places, including New York City, now ban smoking in bars.	One of the first cities to enforce such a law was Montgomery, but several places now prohibit smoking in bars, like New York City.	1
"Dunlap won both the swimsuit competition and the talent portion of the competition, singing ""If I Could."""	"After singing, ""If I Could"", Dunlap clinched the talent competition after already winning the swimsuit competition."	1
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Intel updated investors halfway through the quarter and indicated business was moving ahead exactly as outlined.	1
The House Government Reform Committee rapidly approved the legislation this morning.	The legislation approved by The House Government Reform Committee in this morning.	0
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Intel updated their  investors halfway through the quarter and indicated business was moving ahead exactly as outlined.	1
...arm.	...limb.	0
"Officials at Brandeis said this was an ""extremely heartrending"" time for the campus."	According to Brandeis officials, this was a highly disturbing time for the campus.	0
...arm.	We could not mention his arm.	0
"Officials at Brandeis said this was an ""extremely heartrending"" time for the campus."	"According to Brandeis officials, this was a ""highly disturbing"" time for the campus."	0
Intel updated investors midway through the quarter and said business was proceeding exactly as planned.	Business was moving ahead exactly as outlined according to Intel's mid quarter update.	1
"Officials at Brandeis said this was an ""extremely heartrending"" time for the campus."	"According to Brandeis officials, this was a ""highly disturbing"" moment for the campus."	0
"Officials at Brandeis said this was an ""extremely heartrending"" time for the campus."	"According to Brandeis officials, this was a ""highly upsetting"" moment for the campus."	1
"Officials at Brandeis said this was an ""extremely heartrending"" time for the campus."	"According to Brandeis officials, this was a ""highly distressing"" moment for the campus."	0
"Officials at Brandeis said this was an ""extremely heartrending"" time for the campus."	"According to Brandeis officials, this was a ""highly upsetting"" moment for the campus."	1
There was a clap at the door.	Suddenly, there was a sharp knock at the door.	0
There was a clap at the door.	There was a knock at the door.	0
Protesters had been calling for an end to the country's hard-line establishment and for supreme leader Khamenei's death.	Protesters have been calling for an end to the hard-line establishment of the country and the assassination of Supreme Leader Khamenei.	1
There was a clap at the door.	A knock was heard at the door.	0
Furthermore, chest tightness after exercise and prevalence of asthma were both linked to the amount of time spent at the pool.	In addition, post-exercise chest tightness and asthma prevalence were also related to the amount of time spent in the pool.	1
Furthermore, chest tightness after exercise and prevalence of asthma were both linked to the amount of time spent at the pool.	In addition, post-exercise chest tightness and asthma prevalence were also associated with the amount of time spent in the pool.	1
Come on, spread 'em!	You're under arrest, up against the wall.	0
Come on, spread 'em!	Stand with your arms and legs apart.	0
Come on, spread 'em!	Come over here and spread your legs.	1
Frank Quattrone, the former Credit Suisse First Boston technology investment-banking guru, reportedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and witness tampering.	Frank Quattrone, the former investment-banking technology guru of Credit Suisse First Boston, allegedly pleaded not guilty Tuesday to charges of obstruction of justice and tampering with witnesses.	1
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Microsoft shares, traded on the Nasdaq, fell a penny to close at $25.65 today.	1
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Microsoft stock shares, traded on the Nasdaq, fell a penny to close at $25.65 today.	1
Bring him on.	Let him come at me.	1
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Microsoft stock shares, traded on the Nasdaq Exchange, fell a penny to close at $25.65 today.	1
Not necessary.	Definitely not needed.	1
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Microsoft stock shares, traded on the Nasdaq Exchange, fell 1 cent and it  closed at $25.65 today.	1
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of Microsoft stock , traded on the Nasdaq Exchange, fell 1 cent and it  closed at $25.65 today.	1
Not necessary.	Totally not required.	1
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of Microsoft stock , traded on the Nasdaq Exchange, fell 1 cent and closed at $25.65 today.	1
It's not too far now.	It is so relatively close.	1
Captain needs you to keep an eye on him.	Captain wants you to supervise him.	1
Captain needs you to keep an eye on him.	In order to keep an eye on him the captain needs you.	1
Captain needs you to keep an eye on him.	In order to keep an eye on him, the captain needs you.	1
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of Microsoft stock  fell 1 cent and closed at $25.65 today.	0
Captain needs you to keep an eye on him.	In order to keep an eye on him the captain needs you.	1
Stevie's dead.	Stevie is pushing up daisies.	0
Stevie's dead.	Stevie is no longer with us.	0
Adviser to the city planning commission.	Town planning commission counselor.	0
Stevie's dead.	Stevie is deceased.	1
Adviser to the city planning commission.	Town planning commission consultant.	0
Stevie's dead.	I think Stevie expired.	0
Adviser to the city planning commission.	The town planning commission adviser.	0
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Microsoft stock which is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market, fell 1 cent to close at $25.65.	1
Adviser to the city planning commission.	The town planning commission advisor.	0
Adviser to the city planning commission.	The town planning commission advisor.	0
Stevie's dead.	Stevie died.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail says that the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	1
Adviser to the city planning commission.	Counselor to the city planning commission.	0
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Microsoft stock which is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market, lost only  1 cent per share to close at $25.65.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business usage only.	1
Adviser to the city planning commission.	An Aid to the city planning commission.	1
Adviser to the city planning commission.	An aid to the city planning commission.	1
Sendmail said the system can even be set up to permit business-only usage.	Sendmail says that the system can even be set up to permit business usage only.	1
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Microsoft stock ,traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market, lost only  1 cent per share to close at $25.65.	1
"""High-tech scam artists who think they can hijack the Internet should think again,"" Ashcroft said."	"As""hcroft replied, Hackers think they can pirate cyberspace but I say they better watch out""."	0
Hampton Township is just northeast of Bay City and about 100 miles from Bloomfield Township.	Hampton Township is just northeast of Bay City about 100 miles from Bloomfield Township.	1
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Trading at $25.65 per share, microsoft stock is a good addition to a technology portfolio of stocks.	0
I'm sorry. It's just that nothing funny ever happens in this town.	I apologize for for the somber nature of this town.	0
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Trading at $25.65 per share, Microsoft is a good addition to a technology portfolio of stocks.	0
I'm sorry. It's just that nothing funny ever happens in this town.	I apologize.  This town rarely has amusing events.	0
I'm sorry. It's just that nothing funny ever happens in this town.	I apologize.  This town rarely has amusing events.	0
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	One Nasdaq stock suffered a small loss today, Microsoft fell 1 penny.	0
I'm sorry. It's just that nothing funny ever happens in this town.	I apologize but this is not a fun town.	0
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Microsoft declined 1 cent today, closing at $25.65.	0
He is temporarily serving as Chechnya's acting president while his boss, Akhmad Kadyrov, is on the campaign trail.	While Akhmad Kadyrov is away campaigning, his subordinate was left behind to temporarily serve as Chechnya's acting president	1
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Microsoft stock declined 1 cent today, closing at $25.65.	0
Shares of Microsoft fell 1 cent to close at $25.65 on the Nasdaq Stock Market.	Shares of Microsoft stock declined 1 cent today, closing at $25.65.	0
Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	Analysts on Wall Street predict sales of $28.15 billion for 2004.	1
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	A woman became the seventh victim of the fire after she succumbed from her burns at the Children's Hospital Medical Center o Akron.	0
Wall Street analysts expect 2004 revenue of $28.15 billion.	Analysts on Wall Street predict sales of $28.15 billion for 2004.	1
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	A woman became the seventh victim on Tuesday, in Akron, after she died in the burn unit at Children's Hospital Center.	0
About 10 percent of high school and 16 percent of elementary students must be proficient at math.	A small number of students must be proficient in math.	0
About 10 percent of high school and 16 percent of elementary students must be proficient at math.	A small number of high school and elementary students must be proficient in math.	0
On July 10, a team of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad.	A team consisting of 32 Singaporean police officers was sent to Baghdad on July 10.	1
About 10 percent of high school and 16 percent of elementary students must be proficient at math.	More elementary students than high school students are required to be proficient in math.	0
Some 50 million phone numbers are registered on the list, which was to take effect Oct. 1.	A list of 50 million phone numbers are going tp take effect on Oct. 1.	1
Passed in 1999 but never put into effect, the law would have made it illegal for bar and restaurant patrons to light up.	Passed in 1999 but never put into practice, the act would have made it illegal to light up for bar and restaurant customers.	1
You know who you are?	I think you are aware of who you are.	0
You know who you are?	You are self aware.	0
About 10 percent of high school and 16 percent of elementary students must be proficient at math.	One tenth of high school students must be proficient in math, with a higher number reuired for elementary.	1
You know who you are?	You are aware of yourself.	1
No, he's gone.	He went away.	1
No, he's gone.	No, he's away.	1
No, he's gone.	He already went away.	1
Belgium said Saturday it has decided to scrap a controversial war crimes law which has seen cases launched against President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	Belgium is repealing a contentious war crimes law which has prosecuted President Bush and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	0
Wally, come here.	Follow me, Wally.	1
Belgium said Saturday it has decided to scrap a controversial war crimes law which has seen cases launched against President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	Belgium is repealing a contentious war crimes law under which President Bush and Prime Minister Ariel Sharon were prosecuted.	0
The comment period was to have expired on Monday.	The time for comments should have ended on Monday.	1
Belgium said Saturday it has decided to scrap a controversial war crimes law which has seen cases launched against President Bush and Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon.	Belgium is repealing a contentious war crimes law .	0
Name	Identification	1
Tell her - our blue-ribbon cook...	Tell our award winning chef....	1
New legit download service launches with PC users in mind.	By considering computer users, a new legal download service has begun.	1
You hear me?	Do you get me?	1
Honestly, the higher the better.	In truth, the more the merrier.	1
We took an earlier train because there wasn't anything until after 1 :00.	As there was no train after 1 o'clock, we took the earlier train.	1
We can. How?	It can be done.  We need direction.	0
We can. How?	Yes.  But how?	0
We can. How?	Yes we are able.  But how?	1
The driver has died, unfortunately.	Sadly, the driver is deceased.	1
The driver has died, unfortunately.	Sadly, the driver has passed away.	1
(a) paragraph 4 is replaced by the following:	(a) the following shall be replaced by paragraph 4:	0
The driver has died, unfortunately.	Sadly, the chauffer has passed away.	1
not destroy it.	Don't cause destruction.	1
It's an apartment, Obelix.	Obelix, it is a condo.	0
not destroy it.	Don't cause annihilation.	1
It's an apartment, Obelix.	Obelix, this is a condo.	0
It's an apartment, Obelix.	Obelix, this is a condominium.	0
One of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device or lock down the device should a user lose it.	The device has security features that enable you to lock it down or delete data.	0
I'll see you later, Drew.	Drew, see you later alligator.	0
I'll see you later, Drew.	See you tomorrow, Drew.	0
It's an apartment, Obelix.	Obelix, this is flat.	0
I'll see you later, Drew.	See you in a while, Drew.	1
One of the features is the ability to delete data on a handheld device or lock down the device should a user lose it.	Features include the capability to delete data on the device or lock it down should it get lost.	0
Mr. Marshall demonstrated a preference for results over rhetoric in preparing the Civil Rights Act.	In organizing the Civil Rights Act, Mr. Marshall showed a preference for outcomes over rhetoric.	1
That quarry is filled with hardworking people trying to provide for their families.	Industrious people come to the quarry to make a living for themelves.	1
Eric, this is Alcide, our friend.	Eric, let me introduce you to our friend, Alcide.	1
Eric, this is Alcide, our friend.	Eric, let me introduce you to our friend Alcide.	1
You can't run from that forever.	You can't run from that perpetually.	1
You can't run from that forever.	You can't bolt from that perpetually.	1
You can't run from that forever.	You can't hide from that perpetually.	1
For the second year in a row, rises in hospital costs accounted for much of the inflation, accounting for 51 percent of the overall cost increase.	Rising hospital costs were responsible for 51 percent overall cost of infla6ion for the second straight year.	1
I was in my zone.	I was just being myself.	1
You all right?	Are you ok?	1
You all right?	Are you doing fine?	1
You all right?	Are you doing okay?	1
Ratliff's daughters, Margaret and Martha Ratliff, were adopted by Peterson after their mother's death.	Peterson adopted the 2 Ratliff daughters after their mother passed away.	0
Stop saying that.	Don't say that.	1
It may harm them, even if their signs of illness are the same as yours.	If they are as sick as you it might harm them.	1
Ratliff's daughters, Margaret and Martha Ratliff, were adopted by Peterson after their mother's death.	The 2 Ratliff daughters were adopted by Peterson after their mother passed away.	0
He thinks you have his daughter.	He believes his daughter is with you.	1
Ratliff's daughters, Margaret and Martha Ratliff, were adopted by Peterson after their mother's death.	Peterson became the girls new father after their mother passed away.	0
Stop saying that.	Put an end to what you're saying.	1
While you were at Lake Tahoe.	The moment when you were at Lake Tahoe	0
CLECE did not offer her an alternative job.	CLECE did not have any other employment for her.	1
Good evening.	Have a pleasant evening.	1
The venture owns five oil refineries and more than 2,100 filling stations in Russia and Ukraine.	The company holds multiply oil refineries and thousands of gas stations in Russia and Ukraine.	1
All right. That's it, right?	That is fine. It's done, right?	1
All right. That's it, right?	That is okay. It's over, right?	1
They've seen pictures, have they?	Do you know if they've already seen these photographs?	1
While you were at Lake Tahoe.	During the time ,When you were at Lake Tahoe	1
It's an earring.	It's an ear ornnament.	1
It's an earring.	It's an ear ornament.	1
The Modesto Bee and NBC were notified their calls had been intercepted, Goold said.	NBC and the Modesto Bee were informed about their intercepted calls.	0
You stop eating that icing.	Already finish eating that icing.	1
Don't you think we should give that thing to Jamal?	I hope you believe that Jamal should be given that.	1
I need you to sign off on my master's thesis.	Please approve my master's thesis.	1
I was expecting you.	I knew you would come.	0
I was expecting you.	I knew you would.	1
Then why are you in Bodega Bay?	Is there a reason you are in Bodega Bay?	1
Mr English brought his boat in closer.	Mr English steered his boat ashore.	0
Mr English brought his boat in closer.	Mr English steered his boat nearer	1
Without the fleet, NASA has relied on the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory.	NASA has relied upon the Russian space program to rotate crew members for International space station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory	0
Mr English brought his boat in closer.	Mr English moved his boat nearer.	1
Without the fleet, NASA has relied on the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International Space Station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory.	NASA has relied upon the Russian space program to rotate crew members for the International space station and to send supplies to the orbiting laboratory	0
Ah, your radiant beauty,	Whoa! your mesmerizing charm.	1
Mr English brought his boat in closer.	The boat that Mr English piloted, came closer.	1
Run!	Flee	1
Where's Nydia?	where is nydia?	1
Run!	Scamper!	0
Where's Nydia?	where can nydia be?	1
Ah, your radiant beauty,	Whoa! your mesmerizing glamor.	1
Run!	Jet!	0
Run!	Evade!	0
Run!	Take flight.	0
Where is she?	Where has she been?	1
Run!	Flee!	1
Run!	Flee!	1
Run!	Flee	1
Where is she?	She's nowhere to found.	0
Run!	Scamper	0
"""You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life,"" Limbaugh said Friday on his program."	"During Limbaugh's program , He said "" You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life."""	0
Run!	Bolt	1
Where is she?	I have no idea of her whereabouts.	1
"""You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life,"" Limbaugh said Friday on his program."	"During Limbaugh's program ,He said "" You know I have always tried to be honest with you and open about my life."""	0
How's business?	How's it going?	0
I'm so scared. oh God, I'm so scared.	He praised the lord in fear	0
How's business?	How's your work?	1
Don't move.	Stay wherever you are.	1
Has a Masters in International Relations from Harvard.	He has a Harvard Masters of International Relations.	1
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.	IN AN INTERVIEW ,HEALEY WHO IS A CRIMINOLOGIST RECOGNIZED THAT MUCH OF THE SENTIMENT AMONG LEGISLATORS HERE AND ACROSS THE COUNTRY WAS WARINESS TOWARD CAPITAL PUNISHMENT	1
Daniel - C'mon, move!	Let's go Daniel!	1
Shares of National were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	National stock market crash began on afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading by 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73	0
Daniel - C'mon, move!	Let's go, Daniel!	1
Daniel - C'mon, move!	Let's go, Daniel!	1
Shares of National were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	National stock market crash began on afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading by  losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73	0
Shares of National were losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73 in afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading.	shares of National crash began on afternoon New York Stock Exchange trading by  losing 95 cents, or 3.9%, to $23.73	0
That's good, I'll rewrap it later!	Nice, I shall wrap it again laer.	1
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.	IN A PRESS MEET, HALEY WHO IS A CRIMINOLOGIST , RECOGNIZED ALL LEGISLATORS WERE OPPOSING OF CAPITAL PUNISHMENT IN AN ENTIRE WORLD	0
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.	IN A PRESS MEET, HALEY WHO IS A CRIMINOLOGIST , RECOGNIZED ALL LEGISLATORS WERE WARINESS TOWARDS  CAPITAL PUNISHMENT IN AN ENTIRE WORLD	0
There's more.	It is plentiful.	0
Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.	Maemi rapidly weakened to tropical storm status while moving over land, and was undergoing extratropical transition by the time it entered the Sea of Japan.	0
In an interview, Healey, who is a criminologist, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among legislators here and across the country was wariness toward capital punishment.	In an interview, Healy, a criminal expert, acknowledged that much of the sentiment among lawmakers here and across the country is militancy against the death penalty.	1
There's more.	More are there.	1
At 5 p.m. EDT, the center of Hurricane Fabian was located near latitude 15.7 north, longitude 45.2 west or about 1,075 miles east of the Lesser Antilles.	5 p.m. EDT, the epicenter of Hurricane Fabian, is located 15.7 north latitude, 45.2 west or 1,075 miles east of the Lesser Antilles.	1
Their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the fight after his wife's euthanasia bid left their son in a coma and he was put on life-support.	After the euthanasia offer from his wife left their son in a coma and he was placed on life-support, their father had pleaded with the doctors to stop the war.	1
Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.	Maemi rapidly weakened to tropical storm status while moving over land, and was weakened by the time it entered the Sea of Japan.	0
Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.	Maemi rapidly weakened to tropical storm status while moving over land, and was weakened by the time it entered the Sea of Japan , said the meteorology department	0
Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.	Typhoon Maemi rapidly weakened to tropical storm status while moving over land, and was weakened by the time it entered the Sea of Japan , said the meteorology department	0
A BMI of 25 or above is considered overweight; 30 or above is considered obese.	A BMI of 25 or higher is considered overweight; People over 30 or older are considered obese.	1
Typhoon Maemi later moved out over the Sea of Japan, where it weakened considerably, the meteorology department said.	Typhoon Maemi rapidly weakened to tropical storm status while moving over land, said the meteorology department	0
House Democrats renewed their push Wednesday for a deeper investigation into the handling of intelligence on Iraq's weapons program.	House Democrats on Wednesday renewed their drive for an in-depth investigation into the handling of intelligence in Iraq's arms program.	1
I'll handle my mother.	I'LL  TAKE CARE OF MY MOTHER	1
I'll handle my mother.	I'LL  TAKE CARE OF MY MOM	1
At the library.	At the bibliotheca.	1
"We've no chance."""	We're done.	0
He was very dirty, and Garion could clearly see the fleas peeking out of his beard.	GARION  SAW HIM LOOKS LIKE HE IS DIRTY AND SEE THE FLEAS PEEKING OUT OF HIS BEARD	1
"We've no chance."""	We're out of luck.	1
My mistake, no doubt.	I definitely know it was my fault.	1
Dotson was arrested Monday in his native Maryland and charged with murder.	Dotson was apprehended Monday in his native Maryland and charged with murder.	1
Well, goodbye, all my fans.	Godspeed to all of my supporters.	1
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. has filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	1
Researchers at Sweden's Karolinska Institute reanalyzed data from more than 2,000 infants who had been treated with radiation for a benign birthmark condition between 1930 and 1959.	BETWEEN 1930 AND 1959 THEY WERE 2000 INFANTS TREATED RADIATION OF BENIGN BIRTHMARK CONDITION	0
Nope, I'm back.	Nah, I am back.	1
Uno.		0
Her lawyer, William Zabel, could not be reached.	WILLIAM ZABEL WHO IS HER LAWYER AND HE CANT BE REACHED STILL	1
Yes, but the police are busy.	Yeah, but cops are occupied.	1
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	the two airways namely World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. has filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	1
Yes, but the police are busy.	Yeah, but cops are occupied at the moment.	1
Yes, but the police are busy.	Yeah, but cops are occupied.	1
This hero you speak of, he doesn’t happen to have a name, does he?	THE HERO HAS NO NAME WHO IS YOU ARE SPEAKING	1
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	the two airways namely World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	1
World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. also have filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	the two airways namely World Airways Inc. and North American Airlines Inc. has filed applications seeking authority to provide service to Iraq.	1
Uno.	One	1
The association said 28.2 million DVDs were rented in the week that ended June 15, compared with 27.3 million VHS cassettes.	JUNE 15 28.2 MILLION WERE RENTED BY THE ASSOCIATION	0
Do you believe in God, Martin?	Martin, are you a believer?	0
I hope it was all worth it.	hopefully it will be all worth it	1
I hope it was all worth it.	it will be all worth it	0
"""We are very pleased that the court dismissed the vast majority of the plaintiff's claims,"" Coke spokeswoman Sonya Soutus said."	SONYA SOUTUS SAID THE COURT WAS DISMISSED BECAUSE OF THE VAST MAJORITY OF THE PLAINTIFF CLAIMS	0
It's an American song about a local girl.	The song is native to America and it is about a local girl.	1
They will help draft a plan to attack obesity that Kraft will implement over three to four years.	They will help develop an obesity plan that Kraft will implement in three to four years.	1
This is just a motherfucking decoy.	This is a nuisance lure	0
He sat in the hip bath and cleaned the blood from his hair and beard.	HE CLEANED HIS HAIR AND BEARD IN HIP BATH BECAUSE HIS BLOOD IS FLOWING	0
He's not going to the hotel, no way!	I don't think he'll go to the hotel.	1
Right.	MORALLY GOOD	0
Right.	RIGHT	1
Right.	TRUE	1
Even without call center requests, companies using the handset option must have 95 percent of their customers using the technology by the end of 2005.	95 PERCENT OF THEIR CUSTOMERS USING THE HANDSET OPTION BY THE END OF 2005	0
Tom.	THOMAS	1
This is just a motherfucking decoy.	This is just a motherfucking tempt	1
I need to find out what we're dealing with here.	I WANNA FIND THE DEALING HERE	1
What's that supposed to mean?	What do you mean?	1
I hope it was all worth it.	it will be worthwhile	0
"""APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable,"" Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders."	"APEC leaders are painfully aware that security and prosperity are inseparable,"" Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra told business leaders."	1
So he claimed.	so he said	1
They send you mad.	they had delivered you mad	1
Cubs outfielder Sammy Sosa was suspended for eight games by major league baseball Friday for using a corked bat.	MAJOR LEAGUE BASEBALL SUSPENDED CUBS OUTFIELDER SAMMYS SOSA FOR EIGHT GAMES FOR USING A CORKED BAT FRIDAY	1
Today, we preserve essential tools to foster voice competition in the local market.	IN LOCAL MARKET WE MAINTAIN TOOLS TO FOSTER VOICE COMPETITION	1
The women then had follow-up examinations after five, 12 and 24 years.	THEY WOMEN HAD FOLLOW-UP EXAMINATIONS AFTER 5,12,24 YEARS	1
The victim, who was also not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital in critical condition.	the victim wastaken to kings county hospital in critical condition and unrecognizable state	0
What do you mean?	WHAT DO YOU SAID?	1
Operating and control elements shall be clearly marked, so that they are identifiable by the driver.	DRIVER SHOULD BE IDENTIFIED BY OPERATING AND CONTROL ELEMENTS ARE CLEARLY MARKED	1
The victim, who was also not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital in critical condition.	the victim was taken to kings county hospital in critical condition and was not able to be identified who it was.	1
It's McGee.	IT IS MICHAEL GEE	0
Way.	METHOD	0
The lady in question, Professor Samantha Van der Feldt, flunked you because instead of studying like the rest of us, you sent her love letters.	The lady in question, Professor Samantha Van der Feldt, flunked you because instead of studying like the rest of us, you sent her love letters	1
Goodbye, Frank.	BYE TO FRANK	1
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	On Monday shares in Juniper Networks skipped by 10% after the web equipment maker inked a sales and marketing trade in with Lucent Technologies	0
Some come back.	SOME COME LATER	0
Some come back.	SOME WILL COME LATER	0
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	Shares in Juniper Networks skipped more than 10% on Monday after the web equipment maker inked a sales and marketing trade in with Lucent Technologies	0
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	Shares in Juniper Networks skipped more than ten per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing trade in with Lucent Technologies	0
Defense attorneys said Durst accidentally shot Black in the face as they struggled for a gun after the elderly man illegally entered his apartment.	durst accientally shot black in the face as they struggled for a gun after the elderly man illegally entered his apartment said defense attorneys.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.	he blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average eased 44 points, or 0.47 percent, to 9,543, after scoring five consecutive up sessions.	1
I'm too old for this.	i'm old too for this.	1
|Socio-economic Research	SOCIAL ECONOMICAL RESEARCH STUDY	1
It's pretty shitty out there, huh?	it's pretty out there shitty,huh?	1
The surcharge is applicable to all weight categories.	THE SURCHAGE TO ALL WEIGHT CATEGORIES IS APPLICABLE,	1
There was no immediate response from North Korea or the United States.	USA OR NORTH KOREA DID NOT RESPOND IMMEDIATELY	1
SARS has also taken a toll on Taiwan's economy, as it has on economies across the region, hammering consumer spending and leaving shops, restaurants and airports empty.	SARS HAS ALSO TAKEN A TOLL ON TAIWAN'S ECONOMY, AS IT HAS ON ECONOMIES ACROSS THE REGION, HAMMERING CONSUMER SPENDIND AND RESTAURANTS LEAVINNG STOPS AND AIRPORTS EMPTY.	1
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	During transactions between Jupiter Networks s and Lucent Technologies shares skipped more than ten percent after the system equipment maker inked failed	0
Air Transport Association spokeswoman Diana Cronan said that travel was down in May through July and that she also expected it to be off over Labor Day.	LABOR DAY WAS CELEBRATED BY DIANA CRONON	0
Shares in Juniper Networks jumped more than 10 per cent on Monday after the networking equipment maker inked a sales and marketing deal with Lucent Technologies.	Juniper Networks shares transaction deal did not go through after the system failed on Monday with Lucent Technologies	0
You are the carver.	THE CARVER ARE YOU.	1
"""It's just too important to keeping crime down,"" he said of Operation Impact, which began Jan. 3."	The imperative of Operation impact is to keep crime down.	0
Keep your head up, Herrin.	HERRIN, KEEP YOUR HEAD UP.	1
Keep your head up, Herrin.	KEEP YOUR UP HEAD, HERRIN.	1
It was expected to raise the $90 million McGreevey expected.	McGreevey was sure they would raise the 90 million.	0
Couldn't get the condoms to work.	The rubber broke.	0
You know this.	KNOW YOU THIS.	1
Couldn't get the condoms to work.	The condom broke.	0
Couldn't get the condoms to work.	I was unable to use the condom.	1
Fools!	1FOOLS.	1
The review outlines the tariffs' impact on domestic steel industry and steel consumers halfway through the three-year program.	The analysis profile the tariffs' influence on domestic steel industry and steel consumers halfway through the three-year program.	1
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.	She demanded the publication not occur until after her death.	1
Business groups and border cities have raised concerns that US-VISIT will mean longer waits to cross borders and will hurt commerce.	BUSINESS GROUPS AND BORDER CITIES HAVE RAISED CONCERNS THAT US-VISIT WILL MEAN LONGER WAITS TO  CROSS AND WILL HURT COMMERCE BORERS.	1
She insisted, though, that it not be published until after her death.	She implored the publication come after her death.	1
Everyone's happy.	HAPPY EVERYONE'S.	1
The right chord sequence, the right few seconds of a song and you are right there.	If you find the right notes and a few moments of a song and you got it.	1
Dad.	Papa	1
The review outlines the tariffs' impact on domestic steel industry and steel consumers halfway through the three-year program.	The analysis profile the tariffs' influence on domestic steel industry and steel consumers halfway through a period of three years.	1
Dad.	Paterfamilias	0
Dad.	Father	1
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	WHILE THE TSX VENTURE EXCHANGE COMPOSITE GAINED 44.49 POINTS, THE S&P/TSX  COMPOSITE ROSE 87.74 POINTS ON THE WEEK.	1
Dad.	Papa	1
The S&P/TSX composite rose 87.74 points on the week, while the TSX Venture Exchange composite gained 44.49 points.	WHILE THE TSX VENTURE EXCHANGE COMPOSITE GAINED 44.49 POINT COMPOSITE ROSE 87.74 POINTS ON THE WEEK.	1
Tell me about these two.	What's the deal about those two?	0
Tell me about these two.	Tell me about the pair.	1
Tell me about these two.	Tell me about this pair.	1
Tell me about these two.	What about these two?	1
Other recall suits are pending in federal court.	There are recall suits coming in federal court.	1
The technician used handfuls of kitchen towel, wiping the bag and pushing the thick liquid into the drain.	WIPING THE BAG AND PUSHING THE THICK LIQUID INTO THE DRAIN, THE TECHNICIAN USED HANDFULS OF KITCHEN TOWEL.	1
Spansion products are to be available from both AMD and Fujitsu, AMD said.	SPANSION PRODUCTS ARE TO BE AMD AND FUJISTU, AMD SAID FROM THE AVAIBABLE.	1
No doubt about it!	Absolutely for sure.	1
The review outlines the tariffs' impact on domestic steel industry and steel consumers halfway through the three-year program.	The analysis outlines thetariifs' influnce on the domestic stteel industry and steel consumer halfway through the three-year period	1
All those infected had recent close contact with prairie dogs.	The prairie dogs infected those who had close contact	0
Only applications that fulfillthe eligibility criteria will be considered for a grant.	ONLY APPLICATIONS THAT FULFILLTHE ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA WILL BE GRANT FOR A CONSDIERED.	0
He's gonna slap you.	He's going  to blow you	0
Only applications that fulfillthe eligibility criteria will be considered for a grant.	ONLY APPLICATIONS THAT CONSIDEREDTHE ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA WILL BE GRANT FOR A FULLFILTHE.	0
He's gonna slap you.	He's going  to hit you	0
Only applications that fulfillthe eligibility criteria will be considered for a grant.	THAT CONSIDEREDTHE ELIGIBILITY CRITERIA WILL BE GRANT FOR A FULLFILTHE ONLY APPLICATIONS.	0
Only applications that fulfillthe eligibility criteria will be considered for a grant.	WILL BE CONSIDERED FOR A GRANT ONLY APPLICATIONS THAT FULFILLTHE ELIGIBLITY CRITERIA.	1
He's gonna slap you.	He's gonna punch  to you	0
He's gonna slap you.	He's gonna punch you	0
He's gonna slap you.	He's gonna clout you	1
I just need to talk to my friend.	I need a chat with my buddy	1
I just need to talk to my friend.	I need to speak with my buddy	1
I'll just get the tea.	THE TEA GET I'LL JUST.	1
I just need to talk to my friend.	I only need to speak with my buddy	1
I just need to talk to my friend.	I need to speak with my buddy	1
I just need to talk to my friend.	Its a friend I need to speak to only	0
I just need to talk to my friend.	I need to talk to my friend only	0
I just need to talk to my friend.	I need to talk to my friend.	1
The format must be an open standard that has been formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization, and IP must be licensed under reasonable, non-discriminatory terms.	IP MUST BE LICENSED UNDER REASONABLE, NON-DISCRIMINATORY TERMS AND THE FORMAT MUST  BE AN OPEN STANDARD THAT HAS BEEN FORMALLY RATIFIED BY AN INTERNATIONALLY RECOGNISED STANDARDS ORGANISATION.	1
I just need to talk to my friend.	I need to speak to my friend only.	0
I just need to talk to my friend.	I need to speak to my friend.	1
The format must be an open standard that has been formally ratified by an internationally recognized standards organization, and IP must be licensed under reasonable, non-discriminatory terms.	IP MUST BE LICENSED UNDER REASONABLE, NON-DISCRIMINATORY TERMS AND THE FORMAT MUST  BE AN OPEN STANDARD THAT HAS BEEN FORMALLY RATIFIED BY AN INTERNATIONALLY  STANDARDS ORGANISATION RECOGANISED.	1
I just need to talk to my friend.	I need to have a word with my friend.	1
I just need to talk to my friend.	I just need to have a word with my friend.	1
Conditioning yourself to remember. Learning through repetition.	LEARNING THROUGH REPETITION YOURSELF CONDITIONING YOURSELF TO REMEMBER.	1
Backs straight!	STRAIGHT BACKS!	1
I just need to talk to my friend.	Its my buddy whom I want to speak with.	1
It is rare for a legal challenge to occur before a bill becomes law.	Legal challenge is infrequent to occur before a bill becomes law	1
What could it possibly matter if I'm a Tutankhamen ?	I'M A TUTANKHAMEN WHAT COULD IT POSSIBY MATTER?	1
It is rare for a legal challenge to occur before a bill becomes law.	Legal summos is infrequent to occur before a bill becomes law	1
It is rare for a legal challenge to occur before a bill becomes law.	Legal summons is infrequent to occur before a bill becomes law	1
It is rare for a legal challenge to occur before a bill becomes law.	Legal summons is infrequent to occur before a bill suits law	1
It is rare for a legal challenge to occur before a bill becomes law.	Legal summons is infrequent to occur before a bill suits law	1
Recall backers say they have collected 1,600,000 signatures, approaching twice the 897,158 needed to force an election.	THEY HAVE SAY BACKERS RECALL COLLECTED 1,600.000 SIGNATURES APPROACHING TWICE THE 897,158 NEEDED TO FORCE AN ELECTION.	1
Recall backers say they have collected 1,600,000 signatures, approaching twice the 897,158 needed to force an election.	THEY HAVE SAY BACKERS RECALL COLLECTED 1,600.000 SIGNATURES APPROACHING TWICE THE 897,158 NEEDED TO FORCE.	0
Recall backers say they have collected 1,600,000 signatures, approaching twice the 897,158 needed to force an election.	THEY HAVE SAY COLLECTED 1,600.000 SIGNATURES APPROACHING TWICE THE 897,158 NEEDED TO FORCE.	0
Recall backers say they have collected 1,600,000 signatures, approaching twice the 897,158 needed to force an election.	THEY HAVE SAY COLLECTED 1,600.000 SIGNATURES APPROACHING TWICE THE 897,158 NEEDED TO FORCE.RECALL BACKERS.	0
Recall backers say they have collected 1,600,000 signatures, approaching twice the 897,158 needed to force an election.	THEY HAVE SAY COLLECTED 1,600.000 SIGNATURES APPROACHING 897,158 NEEDED TO FORCE.RECALL BACKERS THE FOCE.	0
Recall backers say they have collected 1,600,000 signatures, approaching twice the 897,158 needed to force an election.	APPROACHING THE TWICE THE 897.158.	0
It's time to tell BlueBell...	TIME BLUEBELL TO TELL IT'S.	1
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	WAS SELECTED WITH THE SIXTH PICK UP THE RYAN HARVEY, AN OUTFIELDER HIGH SCHOOL IN FLORIDA.	0
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	WAS SELECTED WITH THE SIXTH PICK UP THE RYAN HARVEY, AN OUTFIELDER HIGH SCHOOL IN FLORIDA CHICAGO CUBS.	0
Ryan Harvey, an outfielder from Dunedin High School in Florida, was selected with the sixth pick by the Chicago Cubs.	WITH THE SIXTH PICK UP THE RYAN HARVEY, AN OUTFIELDER HIGH SCHOOL IN FLORIDA CHICAGO CUBS WAS SELECTED .	0
The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns, a decided advantage for millionaires like Mr. Schwarzenegger and Mr. Ueberroth, both Republican candidates.	A DECIDED ADVANTAGE FOR MILLIONARIES LIKE MR. SCHWARZENEGGAR AND MR. UEBERROTH BOTH REPUBLICAN CANDIDATES.	0
The law does not regulate how much individuals can contribute to their own campaigns, a decided advantage for millionaires like Mr. Schwarzenegger and Mr. Ueberroth, both Republican candidates.	A DECIDED ADVANTAGE FOR MILLIONARIES LIKE MR. SCHWARZENEGGAR AND MR. UEBERROTH BOTH REPUBLICAN CANDIDATES. THE  DOES NOT REGULATE HOW MUCH INDIVIDUALS CAN CONTRIBUTE TO THEIR OWN CAMPAIGNS	1
Burns believed that confessing a crime he did not commit was the only way out, Richardson said.	HE DID NOT COMMIT WAS THE ONLY WAY OUT, RICHARDSON SAID BURNS BELEIVED THAT CONFESSION THAT A CRIME.	1
The Web site is registered to Parson under his home address, allowing investigators to trace him easily.	The investigators could trace him easily since the victim had registered to a website named parson under his home address	0
The Web site is registered to Parson under his home address, allowing investigators to trace him easily.	The investigators could trace him easily since the victim had registered to a web site named parson under his home address	0
She's not spending the night in jail, and they pretended to believe me when I told them the smell in her car was skunk air freshener.	WHEN I TOLD THEM THE SMELL IN HER CAR WAS SKUNK AIR FRESHER SHE'S NOT SPENDING THE NIGHT IN JAIL AND THEY PRETENDED TO BELEIVE ME.	1
The Web site is registered to Parson under his home address, allowing investigators to trace him easily.	The investigators could trace him easily since the victim had registered to a web site parson under his home address	0
All... ice water...	cold water	0
The Web site is registered to Parson under his home address, allowing investigators to trace him easily.	The investigators could trace him easily since the victim had registered to Parson under his home address	0
All... ice water...	cubes	0
The Web site is registered to Parson under his home address, allowing investigators to trace him easily.	The investigators could trace him easily since the Web site is registered to Parson under his home address	1
All... ice water...	All...cold water	1
If you hate the idea, it's okay.	You can tell me if you dont like the idea	0
The Web site is registered to Parson under his home address, allowing investigators to trace him easily.	The investigators could trace him easily because the Web site is registered to Parson under his home address	1
If you hate the idea, it's okay.	Its ok if you dont like the idea	1
No, it's not.	NO, It cannot be.	1
No, it's not.	NO, It cannot be possible.	0
No, it's not.	NO, It cannot be .	0
No, it's not.	NO, It cannot be.	1
No, it's not.	No, It cannot be.	0
No, it's not.	No,It cannot be.	0
If you hate the idea, it's okay.	Its ok if you hate the idea	1
No, it's not.	NO, It does not resemble	1
If you hate the idea, it's okay.	You dont have to like the idea	0
If you hate the idea, it's okay.	Its ok if you hate the idea	1
If you hate the idea, it's okay.	Its ok if you dont like the idea	1
Remember Shake?	Does shake ring a bell?	0
It is also noted that differences in packing cannot be considered as a critical element when defining product concerned, especially when formats of packing were already taken into account when defining the product concerned as set out in recital (16) of the provisional Regulation.	IT IS ALSO NOTED THAT DIFFERENCES IN PACKING CANNOT BE CONSIDERED.	0
Remember Shake?	Do you remember Shake?	1
Remember Shake?	Do you recall Shake?	1
What they talked about, maybe?	Maybe that's what they discussed	1
It is also noted that differences in packing cannot be considered as a critical element when defining product concerned, especially when formats of packing were already taken into account when defining the product concerned as set out in recital (16) of the provisional Regulation.	product concerned, especially when formats of packing were already taken into account when defining the product concerned as set out in recital (16) of the provisional Regulation.	0
What they talked about, maybe?	Maybe that's what they discussed.	1
Those are the two categories.	TWO ARE THOSE THE CATEGORIES.	1
The victim, who was also not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital in critical condition.	The victim was in a critical condition when he was taken to Kings County Hospital	0
"""Prime Minister Abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples,"" Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said after Tuesday's meeting."	Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon after Tuesday's meeting told Prime Minister Abbas, a better opportunity for the people in the future	0
The victim, who was also not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital in critical condition.	The victim was in a critical condition when he was taken to Kings County Hospital and he was unidentifiable	1
For purchased corporate receivables that comply in addition with the conditions set out in paragraph 12, and where it would be unduly burdensome for a credit institution to use the risk quantification standards for corporate exposures as set out in Part 4 for these receivables, the risk quantification standards for retail exposures as set out in Part 4 may be used.	WHERE IT WOULD BE UNDULY BURDENSOME FOR A CREDIT INSTITUTION TO USE THE RISK QUANTIFICATION STANDARDS FOR CORPORATE EXPOSURES AS SET OUT IN PART 4 FOR THESE RECEIVABLES THE RISK QUANTIFICATION STANDARDS FOR RETAIL EXPOSURES AS SET OUT IN PART 4 MAY BE USED FOR PURCHASED CORPORATE RECEIVABLES.	1
The victim, who was also not identified, was taken to Kings County Hospital in critical condition.	The victim was in a critical condition when he was taken to Kings County Hospital and he was in unidentifiable state	1
Here you are, in case you ever need it again.	YOU EVER NEED IT AGAIN IN CASE ARE YOU HERE.	1
At the hearing yesterday, High Court Judge Frank Kapanda ordered the men immediately released on bail, evidently unaware they had already left the country.	High Court Judge Frank Kapanda ordered the men immediately released on bail because he was evidently unaware they had already left the country.	0
At the hearing yesterday, High Court Judge Frank Kapanda ordered the men immediately released on bail, evidently unaware they had already left the country.	At the hearing yesterday, High Court Judge Frank Kapanda ordered the men immediately released on bail because he was evidently unaware they had already left the country.	1
The blue-chip Dow Jones industrial average .DJI fell 86.56 points, or 0.94 percent, to 9,109.99, after giving up more than 1 percent earlier.	AFTER GIVING UP MORE THAN 1 PERCENT EARLIER THE BLUE-SHIP DOW JONES ONDUSTRIAL AVERAGE. DJI FELL 86.56 POINTS, OR 0.94 PERCENT.	1
At the hearing yesterday, High Court Judge Frank Kapanda ordered the men immediately released on bail, evidently unaware they had already left the country.	At the hearing yesterday, High Court Judge Frank Kapanda ordered the men to be released on bail because he was evidently unaware they had already left the country.	1
A year earlier, it posted a profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.	IT POSTED A PROFIT OF $102 MILLION OR 13 CENTS A SHARE A YEAR EARLIER.	1
A year earlier, it posted a profit of $102 million, or 13 cents a share.	IT POSTED A PROFIT OF $102 MILLION OR 13 CENTS A SHARE A YEAR EARLIER.	1
"""Prime Minister Abbas, we are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples,"" Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon said after Tuesday's meeting."	We are facing a new opportunity today, a better future for both peoples, is what Israeli Prime Minister Ariel Sharon told Prime Minister Abbas after Tuesday's meeting.	1
A key to that effort was the company's introduction of a 10-year, 100,000-mile warranty, meant to reassure buyers that they could trust the Korean company.	THEY COULD TRUST THE KOREAN COMPANY REASSURE BUYERS MEANT TO A KEY TO THAT  EFFORT WAS THE COMPANY'S INTRODUCTION OF A 10-YEAR, 100,000 MILE WARRANTLY.	1
Mom, it's clear.	CLEAR ITS, MOM.	0
Mom, it's clear.	IT'S MOM CLEAR.	1
I'll need the dress.	THE DRESS I'LL NEED.	1
Just need your signatures then.	YOUR SIGNATURES THEN JUST NEED.	1
The injured were taken to hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia, a college town about 30 miles to the north.	Hospitals in Jefferson City and Columbia ,where injured patients admitted which is a college town about 30 miles to the north.	1
The single currency dropped to 136.94 yen compared with its late U.S. level of 137.64.	YEN COMPARED WITH LATE U.S LEVEL OF 137.64 THE SINGLE CURRENCY DROPPED TO 136.94.	1
The single currency dropped to 136.94 yen compared with its late U.S. level of 137.64.	YEN COMPARED WITH LATE U.S LEVEL OF 137.64 THE SINGLE CURRENCY DROPPED.	0
The single currency dropped to 136.94 yen compared with its late U.S. level of 137.64.	YEN COMPARED WITH LATE U.S LEVE THE SINGLE CURRENCY DROPPED.	0
Charles O. Prince, 53, was named as Mr. Weill's successor.	WAS NAMED AS MR. WEILLS SUCCESSOR , CHARLES O.PRINCE 53.	1
Mr Berlusconi is accused of bribing judges to influence the sale of the state-controlled SME food company in 1985.	the state-controlled SME food company in 1985 was influenced by Mr Berlusconi  who is accusedof bribing judges to influence the sale	1
Mr Berlusconi is accused of bribing judges to influence the sale of the state-controlled SME food company in 1985.	the state-controlled SME food company in 1985 was influenced by Mr Berlusconi  who is accused of bribing judges to influence the sale	1
I need to concentrate on my applications.	CONCENTRATE ON MY APPLICATIONS TO I NEED.	1
Mr Berlusconi is accused of bribing judges to influence the sale of the state-controlled SME food company in 1985.	the state-controlled SME food company in 1985 was influenced by Mr.Berlusconi  who is accused of bribing judges to influence the sale	1
Mr Berlusconi is accused of bribing judges to influence the sale of the state-controlled SME food company in 1985.	the state-controlled SME food company in 1985 was influenced by Mr.Berlusconi who is accused of bribing judges to influence the sale	1
Much like you?	YOU LIKE MUCH?	1
Mr Berlusconi is accused of bribing judges to influence the sale of the state-controlled SME food company in 1985.	The state-controlled SME food company in 1985 was influenced by Mr.Berlusconi who is accused of bribing judges to influence the sale	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	The Standard & Poor's 500 composite index closed down to 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	0
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	The Standard & Poor's 500 index closed down to 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	1
The Standard & Poor's 500 index declined 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, having shed 19.67 in the previous session.	The Standard & Poor's 500 index closed down to 6.11, or 0.6 per cent, to 1003.27, which had shed 19.67 in the previous session.	1
The losses occurred overnight in Willow Canyon, one of three areas in the Santa Catalina Mountains threatened by the 2-week-old fire that already had blackened 70,000 acres.	THE LOSSES OCCURED OVERNIGHT  IN WILLIAM CANYON ONE OF THREE AREAS IN THE SANTA CATALINA MOUNTAINS THREATENED BY THE ALREADY HAD BLACKENED 70,000 ACRES 2-WEEK-OLD FIRE THAT.	1
Possibly.	Perhaps.	1
Possibly.	It might be true.	1
What is that?	What could that be?	1
What is that?	What on earth could that be?	1
It was the centerpiece of your speech.	it was the centerpiece of your speech.	1
"The day after Wilkie resigned, Howard said in a televised address that Iraq possessed ""chemical and biological weapons capable of causing death and destruction on a mammoth scale""."	""" CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL WEAPONS CAPABLE OF CAUSING DEATH AND DESTRUCTION ON A MAMMONTH SCALE THE DAY AFTER WILKIE ABOUT THA T RESIGNED HOWARD SAID IN A TELEVISED ADDRESS THAT IRAQ POSSESSED."	1
BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese in Boston has offered $55 million to settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits, according to a document obtained by The Associated Press.	according to a document obtained by The Associated Press ,$55 million has been offered to  settle more than 500 clergy sex abuse lawsuits by BOSTON The Catholic archdiocese	1
Hi, I'm Tom.	I'M TOM ,HI.	1
Hi, I'm Tom.	I'M TOM ,HI.	1
If I look at myself, I become visible again.	When I look at my face, I can see clearly again.	0
And there's only one vet in Vegas that does cat thyroid chemo.	There is a well known vet who is the only one to perform  cat thyroid chemo.	0
If I look at myself, I become visible again.	When I search for myself, I can see clearly again.	1
And there's only one vet in Vegas that does cat thyroid chemo.	There is a well known vet who performs cat thyroid chemo in vegas	0
And there's only one vet in Vegas that does cat thyroid chemo.	There is a well known vet who performs cat thyroid chemo in vegas	0
And there's only one vet in Vegas that does cat thyroid chemo.	There is a well known vet  in vegas who performs cat thyroid chemo	0
And there's only one vet in Vegas that does cat thyroid chemo.	There is a well known vet  in Vegas who performs cat thyroid chemo	0
They returned in 1999 after rebel raids on a neighboring Russian region and a series of deadly apartment-building bombings that were blamed on the rebels.	THAT WERE BLAMED ON THE REBELS THEY RETURNED IN 1999 AFTER REBEL RAIDS ON A NEIGHBOURING  RUSSIAN REGION AND A SERIES OF DEADLY APARTMENT-BUILDING BOMBINGS.	1
I can't believe this is the same car.	It is unimaginable to believe it is the same car	1
With the economy sluggish, producers have had a tough time trying to raise prices.	Growers have struggled to increase prices in this weakened economy.	1
I can't believe this is the same car.	It is impossible to believe it is the same car	1
Poland (36.9%), Germany (30.7%) and Slovakia (23.4%) recorded modest increases in the same period.	Poland, Germany and Slovakia recorded 91% modest increase in the same time	0
Whoever is selected will report directly to Robert Liscouski, the assistant secretary of homeland security for infrastructure protection.	Whoever is  selected will report directly to Robert Liscouski, the assistant secretary of homeland security for infrastructure protection.	1
You're not the Darling I want anyway.	I WANT ANYWAY NOT THE YOU'RE DARLING.	1
No, no, no, I'm not talking about arrest reports.	Please stop, I'm not referring to arrest records.	1
Poland (36.9%), Germany (30.7%) and Slovakia (23.4%) recorded modest increases in the same period.	Poland (36.9%), Germany (30.7%) and Slovakia (23.4%) set down modest increases in the same period.	1
Poland (36.9%), Germany (30.7%) and Slovakia (23.4%) recorded modest increases in the same period.	Poland (36.9%), Germany (30.7%) and Slovakia (23.4%) set down adequate appreciates in the same period.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	Law enforcement agencies have	0
Official Journal L 115/4 Ma ISSN 1725-2555 Official Journal of the European Union L 115 English edition Legislation Volume 48 4 May 2005 Contents II Acts whose publication is not obligatory page Commission Commission Decision of 11 April 2005 establishing ecological criteria and the related assessment and verification requirements for the award of the Community eco-label to personal computers (notified under document C(2005)	COMMISSION DECISION OF 11 APRIL 2005 ESTABLISHING ECOLOGICAL CITERIA AND THE RELATED ASSESSMENT AND VERIFICATION REQUIREMENTS FOR THE AWARD OF THE COMMUNITY ECO-LABEL TO PERSONAL COMPUTERS (NOTIFIED UNDER DOCUMENT C (2005).	0
Official Journal L 115/4 Ma ISSN 1725-2555 Official Journal of the European Union L 115 English edition Legislation Volume 48 4 May 2005 Contents II Acts whose publication is not obligatory page Commission Commission Decision of 11 April 2005 establishing ecological criteria and the related assessment and verification requirements for the award of the Community eco-label to personal computers (notified under document C(2005)	COMMISSION DECISION OF 11 APRIL 2005 ESTABLISHING ECOLOGICAL CITERIA AND THE RELATED ASSESSMENT AND VERIFICATION REQUIREMENTS FOR THE AWARD OF THE COMMUNITY ECO-LABEL TO PERSONAL COMPUTERS (NOTIFIED UNDER DOCUMENT C (2005).	0
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	Law enforcement agencies have arrested in excess of 130 people and confiscated $17 million in nationwide operations	0
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	Federal Bureau of Investigation and Law enforcement agency have arrested in excess of 130 people and confiscated $17 million in nationwide operations	0
Hello, this is Yoon-hye Song.	It's nice to meet you and my name is Yoon-hye Song.	0
Hello, this is Yoon-hye Song.	Greeting, I am Yoon-hye Song.	1
Hello, this is Yoon-hye Song.	Greetings, I am Yoon-hye Song.	1
Karabast! Chopper's down!	Listen, Karabast!  The helicopter has crashed!	0
Karabast! Chopper's down!	Karabast!  The helicopter has crashed!	0
Karabast! Chopper's down!	Karabast!  The plane crashed!	0
Karabast! Chopper's down!	The helicopter crashed, Karabast!	0
Official Journal L 115/4 Ma ISSN 1725-2555 Official Journal of the European Union L 115 English edition Legislation Volume 48 4 May 2005 Contents II Acts whose publication is not obligatory page Commission Commission Decision of 11 April 2005 establishing ecological criteria and the related assessment and verification requirements for the award of the Community eco-label to personal computers (notified under document C(2005)	COMMISSION DECISION OF 11 APRIL 2005 ESTABLISHING ECOLOGICAL CITERIA AND THE RELATED ASSESSMENT AND VERIFICATION REQUIREMENTS FOR THE AWARD OF THE COMMUNITY ECO-LABEL TO PERSONAL COMPUTERS (NOTIFIED UNDER DOCUMENT C (2005). OFFICAIL JOURNAL 115/4 MA ISSN 1725-2555 OFFICIAL JOURNAL OF THE EUROPEAN UNION L 115 ENGLISH EDITION LEGISLATION VOLUME 48  4 MAY 2005 CONTENTS 11 ACTS WHOSE PUBLICATION IS NOT OBIGATORY PAGE COMMISSION.	0
Karabast! Chopper's down!	The helicopter crashed!	0
And it isn't just the tadpole that grows like this.	And it isn't just the toad that grows like this	0
Elizabeth...	ELIZABETH IS VERY PRETTY QWEEN.	0
Elizabeth...	ELIZABETH IS VERY PRETTY QUEEN.	0
Elizabeth...	ELIZABETH	1
And it isn't just the tadpole that grows like this.	And it isn't just the pollywog that grows like this	0
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and Law enforcement agency have arrested in excess of 130 people and confiscated $17 million in nationwide operations	0
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and Law enforcement agency have arrested more than 130 people and confiscated $17 million in nationwide operations	0
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and Law enforcement agency have arrested more than 130 people and seized $17 million in nationwide operations	0
And it isn't just the tadpole that grows like this.	And it isn't just the tadpole that develops like this	1
And it isn't just the tadpole that grows like this.	And it isn't just the toad that develops like this	1
Evacuation went smoothly, although passengers weren't told what was going on, Hunt said.	WHAT WAS GOING ON EVACUATION WENT SMOOTHLY ALTHOUGH PASSENGERS WEREN'T TOLD HUNT SAID.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and Law enforcement agency have arrested more than 130 people and seized $17 million in nationwide operations	0
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and Law enforcement agency have arrested more than 130 people and seized $17 million	0
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	More than 130 people and $17000000 have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	0
He couldn't believe he'd been fired.	HE HAD BEEN FIRED HE COULD NOT BELEIVE.	1
You can reach her at (248) 647-7221 or send e-mail to lberman@detnews.com.	you can reach her at (248) 647-7221 or send e-mail to lberman@detnews.com	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	More than 130 people and $17000000 have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	0
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	More than 130 people and $17000000 have been seized countrywide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	0
The California Farm Bureau did not immediately return calls seeking comment.	RETURN CALLS SEEKING COMMENT THE CALIFORNIA FARM BUREAU DID NOT IMMEDIATELY.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	More than 130 people and $17000000 have been seized countrywide operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	0
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	More than 130 people and $17000000 have been seized countrywide operations by FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	0
Sometimes, when I wake up in the mornings... ... I cannot breathe.	I CANNOT BREATHE SOMETIMES, WHEN I WAKE UP IN THE MORNINGS............	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	More than 130 people and $17000000 have been seized countrywide operations by FBI and other agencies in-order to stop cybercrime.	0
Sometimes, when I wake up in the mornings... ... I cannot breathe.	I CANNOT BREATHE SOMETIMES, WHEN I WAKE UP IN THE MORNINGS	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	More than 130 people and $17 million  have been seized countrywide operations by FBI and other agencies in-order to stop cybercrime.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	More than 130 people and $17000000 have been seized countrywide operations by FBI and other agencies in-order to stop cybercrime.	0
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	130+ people and $17000000 have been seized countrywide operations by FBI and other agencies in-order to stop cybercrime.	1
Ms. Haque, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom.	HER TURQOUISE CELLPHONE WITH THE SMILEY FACES ORGANIZING THE PORN MS.HAQUE MEANWHILE WAS ON.	0
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	130+ people and $17000000 have been seized countrywide operations by Law enforcement agencies in-order to stop cybercrime.	0
Ms. Haque, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom.	HER TURQOUISE CELLPHONE WITH THE SMILEY FACES ORGANIZING THE PORN MS.HAQUE MEANWHILE WAS ON HER ABOUT.	0
Ms. Haque, meanwhile, was on her turquoise cellphone with the smiley faces organizing the prom.	HER TURQOUISE CELLPHONE  FACES ORGANIZING THE PORN MS.HAQUE MEANWHILE WAS ON HER ABOUT WITH THE SMILEY FACES.	0
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	130+ people and $17000000 have been seized countrywide operations by Federal Bureau of Investigation in-order to stop cybercrime.	0
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	130+ people and $17000000 have been seized countrywide operations by FBI and other agencies in-order to stop cybercrime.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	130+ people and $17000000 have been seized countrywide operations by FBI and other agencies in-order to stop cybercrimes.	1
Now, the conventional wisdom was that Nigerians don't read literature.	DO NOT READ LITERATURE THE CONVENTIONAL WISDOM WAS THAT NIGERIANS NOW.	1
Should you be jealous?	Are you feeling envious?	1
The attack by the three militant groups took place here at Erez, the main border crossing between Israel and Gaza.	THE MAIN BORDER CROSSING BETWEEN ISRAEL AND GAZA THE ATTACK BY THE THREE MILITANT GROUPS TOOK PLACE HERE AT EREZ.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	130+ people and $17000000 have been seized countrywide operations by FBI and other agencies in-order to stop cybercrimes.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	130+ people arrested and $17000000 have been seized countrywide operations by FBI and other agencies in-order to stop cybercrimes.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and other agencies, in-order to stop cybercrimes, have arretsed 130+ people arrested and $17000000 have been seized countrywide operations by	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and other agencies, in-order to stop cybercrimes, have arrested 130+ people and $17000000 have been seized countrywide operations by	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and other agencies, in-order to stop cybercrimes, have arrested more than 130+ people and $17000000 have been seized countrywide operations by	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and other agencies, in-order to stop cybercrimes, have arrested more than 130 people and $17000000 have been seized countrywide operations by	0
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and other agencies, in-order to stop cybercrimes, have arrested 130+ people and $17000000 have been seized countrywide operations by	1
"""Kahuku Ranch has world - class qualities - tremendous resources, tremendous beauty and tremendous value to global biodiversity."""	"""TRENENDOUS BEAUTY AND TREMENDOUS VALUE TO GLOBAL BIODERVERSITY TRENENDOUS RESOURCES-CLASS QUALITIES KAHUKU RANCH HAS WORLD"""	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and other agencies, in-order to stop cybercrimes, have arrested 130+ people and $17000000 have been confiscated countrywide operations by	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and other agencies, in-order to stop cybercrimes, have arrested 130+ people and $17000000 have been confiscated countrywide operations.	1
This chick's a mercenary.	MERCENARY CHICK'S THIS.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and other agencies, in-order to stop cybercrimes, have arrested 130+ people and $17000000 have been confiscated countrywide activities.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and other agencies, in-order to stop cybercrimes, have arrested 130+ people and $17000000 have been confiscated countrywide actions.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and other agencies, in-order to stop cybercrimes, have arrested 130+ people and $17000000 have been confiscated in across country actions.	1
After all this time?	Now that all these years have gone by?	0
After all this time?	Now that all this time has gone by?	1
Oracle shares fell 27 cents, or 2 percent, to $13.09.	2 PERCENT TO $13.09 ORACLE SHARES FELL 27 CENTS.	1
To create a new future.	To make way for upcoming events.	0
The three priests were careful to go through church channels first as they exercised their rights under canon law.	THEY EXERCISED THEIR RIGHTS UNDER THE THREE PRIESTS WERE CAREFUL TO GO  THROUGH CHURCH CHANNELS FIRST AS.	0
The three priests were careful to go through church channels first as they exercised their rights under canon law.	THEY EXERCISED THEIR RIGHTS UNDER THE THREE PRIESTS WERE CAREFUL TO GO  THROUGH CHURCH CHANNELS FIRST.	0
The three priests were careful to go through church channels first as they exercised their rights under canon law.	THEY EXERCISED THEIR RIGHTS UNDER THE THREE PRIESTS WERE CAREFUL TO GO  THROUGH CHURCH CHANNELS FIRST AS CANNON LAW.	1
To create a new future.	To provide for a new way of life.	0
Third, distortions carried over from the former non-market economy system were found in respect of the company’s land-use rights.	Third, distortions carried over from the from the former non-market economy system were found in respect of the company's land-use rights.	1
My sister's a middle child, so she has issues.	My sister struggles because she is the middle child.	1
In 1995, Schwarzenegger expanded the program nationwide to serve 200,000 children in 15 cities, most who come from housing projects or homeless shelters.	MOST WHO COME FROM THE HOUSING PROJECTS OR HOMWLESS SHELTERS IN 1995 SCHWARZENEGGAR EXPANDED THE PROGRAM NATIONWHILE TO SERVE 200,000 CHILDREN IN 15 CITIES.	1
"""Plenty, I'd say."""	More than enough, I believe.	1
Where appropriate, and with the agreement of the parties concerned, the Organization may make this information available to such other organizations as well as to Members.	THE ORGANISATION MAY MAKES THIS INFORMATION AVAIABLE TO SUCH OTHER ORGANISATIONS AS WELL AS TO MEMBERS WHERE APPROPRITE AND WITH THE AGREETMENT  OF THE PARTIES CONCERNED  THE ORGANIZATION MAY MAKE THIS INFORMATION .	1
She said the store ordered 520 copies and reserved another 300.	THE STORE ORDERED 520 COPIES AND RESERVED ANOTHER 300 SHE SAID.	1
She said the store ordered 520 copies and reserved another 300.	THE STORE ORDERED 520 COPIES AND RESERVED ANOTHER 300 SHE SAID ABOUT.	1
Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq.	Saddam Hussein has been videotaped by both of them in which he tells Iraqis to wage war against U.S. troops stationed in Iraq.	0
Both have aired videotapes of ex-president Saddam Hussein encouraging Iraqis to fight the U.S. occupation of Iraq.	Saddam Hussein tells Iraqis to wage war against U.S. troops stationed in Iraq. on both of their videotapes.	0
It would also lay down harmonised criteria for entry, a common set of rights, a maximum duration of stay and provisions with respect to certain social and economic rights.	A MAXIMUM  DURATION OF STAY AND PROVISION WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN SOCIAL AND ECONOMIC RIGHTS , IT WOULD ALSO LAY DOWN HARMONISED  CRITERIA FOR ENTRY A COMMON SET OF RIGHTS.	0
It would also lay down harmonised criteria for entry, a common set of rights, a maximum duration of stay and provisions with respect to certain social and economic rights.	A MAXIMUM  DURATION OF STAY AND PROVISION WITH RESPECT TO CERTAIN SOCIAL AND ECONOMIC RIGHTS , IT WOULD ALSO LAY DOWN HARMONISED  CRITERIA FOR ENTRY A COMMON SET OF RIGHTS ABOUT THAT PROVISIONS.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and other agencies, in-order to stop cybercrimes, have arrested 130+ people and $17000000 have been confiscated in across country actions.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and other agencies, in-order to stop cybercrimes, have arrested 130+ people and $17000000 have been confiscated in across the US.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and other agencies, in-order to stop cybercrimes, have arrested 130+ people and $17000000 have been confiscated in across the USA.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and other agencies, in-order to stop cybercrimes, have arrested 130+ people and $17000000 have been claimed in across the USA.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and other agencies, in-order to stop cybercrimes, have arrested higher than 130 people and $17000000 have been claimed in across the USA.	1
Nelson had received a technical foul with 2:46 to go in the first quarter.	With 2:46 remaining on the clock in the first quarter, Nelson was given a technical foul.	1
Emmy and Golden Globe Award-winners James Brolin and Judy Davis star as Ronald and Nancy Reagan in The Reagans.	Emmy and Golden Award-winners James Brolin and Judy Davis star as Ronald and Nancy Reagan in The Reagans.	1
Nelson had received a technical foul with 2:46 to go in the first quarter.	With 2:46 remaining in the game's first quarter, Nelson had earned a technical foul.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and other agencies, in-order to stop cyber-crimes, have arrested higher than 130 people and $17000000 have been claimed in across the USA.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and other agencies, in-order to stop cyber related crimes, have arrested higher than 130 people and $17000000 have been claimed in across the USA.	1
Boeing's board is also expected to decide at its December meeting whether to offer the airplane for sale to airlines.	At their December meeting, Boeing's board of directors will decide whether to market the airplane to airline companines.	1
More than 130 people and $17 million have been seized nationwide in operations by the FBI and other agencies to stop cybercrime.	FBI and other agencies, in-order to stop cyber related crimes, have arrested higher than 130 people and $17000000 have been claimed across the USA.	1
The zoo?	Should we go to the Zoo?	0
The zoo?	Zoo?	1
The zoo?	the Zoo?	1
"SEIU President Andrew Stern said the unions are ""totally comfortable"" with Dean's positions."	SEIU President Andrew Stern said the unions feel very safe with Dean's policy positions.	1
The zoo?	is the option an option?	0
The zoo?	is the zoo an option?	1
The blaze was only 5 percent contained early Monday.	By early Monday the fire was doused by only 5%	1
The blaze was only 5 percent contained early Monday.	By Monday the fire was doused by only 5%	1
Bosley.Either tell him he's an idiot, or tell me why I'm wrong.	Just tell Bosley he's stupid or explain to me what I'm misunderstanding.	1
The blaze was only 5 percent contained early Monday.	By Monday morning the fire was doused by only 5%	1
The blaze was only 5 percent contained early Monday.	By Monday morning the fire was doused by only 5%	1
"""Frank Quattrone is innocent,"" Keker said in a statement."	"Keker said in a statement. ""Frank Quattrone is innocent,"""	1
"""Frank Quattrone is innocent,"" Keker said in a statement."	"Keker made a statement. ""Frank Quattrone is innocent,"""	1
Come on.	Give me a break.	0
"""Frank Quattrone is innocent,"" Keker said in a statement."	"Keker made a statement saying ""Frank Quattrone is innocent,"""	1
Come on.	You're kidding.	0
"""Frank Quattrone is innocent,"" Keker said in a statement."	"Keker made a strong statement saying ""Frank Quattrone is innocent,"""	0
Come on.	Hurry up.	1
"""Frank Quattrone is innocent,"" Keker said in a statement."	"Keker stated ""Frank Quattrone is innocent,"""	1
What's his name?	Do you know him?	0
"""Frank Quattrone is innocent,"" Keker said in a statement."	"Keker stated that ""Frank Quattrone is innocent,"""	1
What's his name?	Do you know who he is?	1
Do not, please.	Do no, please.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought that His antics were a foolish waste of power, , and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought that His antics were a foolish waste of power, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought that His antics were a foolish waste of power, and certainly not the way to win her heart and esteem.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought that His antics were a foolish waste of power, and certainly not the way to win her heart and respect.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought that His antics were a stupid and waste of power, and certainly not the way to win her heart and respect.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought that His antics were a stupid and wasteful of power, and certainly not the way to win her heart and respect.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought that His antics were a stupid, and certainly not the way to win her heart and respect.	0
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought that His antics were a stupid, and surely not the way to win her heart and respect.	0
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought that His antics were a stupid waste of power he had, and surely not the way to win her heart and respect.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought that His antics were a stupid waste of power he had, and surely no way to win her heart and respect.	1
I have a chromosomal malfunction.	I have a genetic defect.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought that His antics were a stupid waste of power he had, and surely no way to win her love and respect.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought to himself that His antics were a stupid waste of power he had, and surely no way to win her love and respect.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought to himself that His antics were a stupid in nature and waste of power he had, and surely no way to win her love and respect.	1
Do with them?	Shall I go ahead and proceed with them?	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought to himself that His antics were a stupid in nature and waste of power he heldd, and surely no way to win her love and respect.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought to himself that His antics were a stupid in nature and waste of power he held, and surely no way to win her love and respect.	1
The awards are being announced today by the Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation.	The Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation will report the awards later today.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought to himself that His antics were a stupid in nature and unnecessary of power he held, and surely no way to win her love and respect.	1
The awards are being announced today by the Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation.	The Albert and Mary Lasker Foundation will notify the award winners later today.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought to himself that His antics were a stupidity in nature and unnecessary of power he held, and surely no way to win her love and respect.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought to himself that His antics were a stupidity in nature and unnecessary of power he held, and for sure no way to win her love and respect.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought to himself that His antics were a stupidity in nature and unnecessary of power he held, and for sure not way to win her love and respect.	1
We could tell by the mangled eye.	The mangled eye was the part that made it easy to be able to tell.	0
Massachusetts does not have a state death penalty, and only once before - in Michigan - has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment.	Massachusetts does not have a state death penalty, and only once before - in Michigan- has the federal death penalty been given in a state without capital punishment.	1
We could tell by the mangled eye.	It was easier to tell with the mangled eye.	0
We could tell by the mangled eye.	It was easier to see by the mangled eye.	0
We could tell by the mangled eye.	The mangled eye allowed us to tell.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 27.13 points, or 1.64 percent, at 1,626.49, based on the latest data.	According to the most recent reports, the technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 27.13 points, or 1.64 percent, at 1,626.49.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought to himself that His antics were a stupidity in nature and unnecessary of power he held, and for sure were not  way to win her love and respect.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought to himself that His antics were a stupidity in nature and unnecessary of power he held, and for sure were not way to win her love and respect.	1
The technology-laced Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC was down 27.13 points, or 1.64 percent, at 1,626.49, based on the latest data.	According to the most recent reports, the Nasdaq Composite Index .IXIC decreased by 27.13 points, or 1.64 percent, to 1,626.49.	0
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought to himself that His antics were a stupidity in nature and unnecessary of power he holds, and for sure were not way to win her love and respect.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought to himself that His antics were a stupidity in nature and unnecessary of power he holds, and for sure were not way to wining her love and respect.	1
His antics were a foolish waste of power, Sallah thought, and certainly not the way to her heart and esteem.	Sallah thought to himself that His antics were a stupidity in nature and unnecessary of power he holds, and for sure were not way to wining the love and respect.	1
It's a miracle of the space age.	The futuristic world gave us a sign.	0
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	Spitzer spokesman, Darren Dopp, declined to comment late Thursday.	1
In Chatsworth, 52km north-west of Los Angeles, residents of multimillion-dollar homes there were being told to begin gathering their belongings.	In Chatsworth, which is 52km north-west of LA, there were people who lived there in multimillion-dollar homes, who were told to get all of their stuff packed up.	1
In Britain, temperatures threatened to top the 37.1 C (98.8 F) all-time high.	In Britain, temperatures threatened to top the 37.1C (98.8F) all-time high.	1
Big Blue says the SEC calls the action a fact-finding investigation and has not reached any conclusions related to this matter.	According to Big Blue, the SEC is trying to find the truth but has not yet reached a decision.	1
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	Darren Dopp, the representative for Spitzer, refused to somment	0
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	Darren Dopp, the representative for Spitzer, refused to comment	0
Think of the sexiest girl Think of the sexiest girl you ever seen in your life the sexiest and I'm telling you Shorty was sexier than that.	Shorty is the sexiest woman you can imagine!	0
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	Darren Dopp, the representative for Spitzer, refused to comment on Thursday evening	1
Think of the sexiest girl Think of the sexiest girl you ever seen in your life the sexiest and I'm telling you Shorty was sexier than that.	Shorty is the sexiest woman you can imagine.	0
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	Darren Dopp, the representative for Spitzer, refused to make any comment on Thursday evening	1
Think of the sexiest girl Think of the sexiest girl you ever seen in your life the sexiest and I'm telling you Shorty was sexier than that.	Shorty is the sexiest girl you can imagine.	0
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	On Thursday evening Darren Dopp, the representative for Spitzer, refused to make any comment	1
Think of the sexiest girl Think of the sexiest girl you ever seen in your life the sexiest and I'm telling you Shorty was sexier than that.	Shorty is the sexiest girl you will ever see.	0
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	On Thursday evening Darren Dopp, the representative for Spitzer, refused to make any comment.	1
Such provisions are one possible way of ensuring that the practice of a liberal profession is not guided purely by economic imperatives.	Certain provisions are a possibly way to make sure economic imperatives are not guided by the practice of a left leaning profession.	1
Think of the sexiest girl Think of the sexiest girl you ever seen in your life the sexiest and I'm telling you Shorty was sexier than that.	Think about the sexiest girl you can imagine.  Shorty is even sexier.	0
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	On Thursday evening Darren Dopp, the representative for Spitzer, refused to make any comment.	1
I spend most of my time taking care of ava.	I help take care of ava in my free time.	0
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	On Thursday evening Darren Dopp, the representative for Spitzer, refused to make any comment on the topic	1
There's also a flaw that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	The flaw originates because IE doesn't have a dialog box when a file downloads.	0
I spend most of my time taking care of ava.	I am Ava's caretaker.	0
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	On Thursday evening Darren Dopp, the representative for Spitzer, refused to make any comment on the topic	1
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	On Thursday evening Darren Dopp, the representative for Spitzer, refused to make any comment on the topic.	1
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	On Thursday evening, Darren Dopp, the representative for Spitzer, refused to make any comment on the topic.	1
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	On Thursday evening Darren Dopp, the representative for Spitzer, refused to make any comment on the topic.	1
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	On Thursday evening Darren Dopp, the Spitzer representative for , refused to make any comment on the topic.	0
There's also a flaw that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	The flaw originates because IE doesn't have an appropriate block for a dialog box when a file downloads.	1
On the contrary... she'd be the Soubeyran beauty.	That's not true...she's actually the Soubeyran beauty.	1
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	On Thursday evening Darren Dopp, the Spitzer representative, refused to make any comment on the topic.	1
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	On Thursday evening Darren Dopp, the Spitzer representative, refused to talk on the topic.	1
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	On Thursday evening Darren Dopp, the Spitzer representative, refused to talk on the topic.	1
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	On Thursday evening Darren Dopp, the representative for Spitzer, refused to talk on the topic.	1
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	Refusing make any comments, On Thursday evening Darren Dopp, the representative for Spitzer, refused to talk on the topic.	1
Darren Dopp, a Spitzer spokesman, declined to comment late Thursday.	On Thursday evening Darren Dopp, the representative for Spitzer, refused to talk on the topic.	1
In Britain, temperatures threatened to top the 37.1 C (98.8 F) all-time high.	Every time Britain has the high temperature	0
There's also a flaw that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	IE doesn't have an appropriate block for a file download box that is a known flaw.	1
There's also a flaw that results because IE does not implement an appropriate block on a file download dialog box.	Internet Explorer doesn't have an appropriate block for a file download box that is a known flaw.	1
About 18 percent of men taking finasteride developed prostate cancer, compared with 24 percent on placebo.	Finasteride has 6 percent less men develop prostate cancer than the ones who just took the placebo.	0
About 18 percent of men taking finasteride developed prostate cancer, compared with 24 percent on placebo.	Finasteride had only 18 percent in the men tested, develop prostate cancer than the 24 percent who got prostate cancer, who just took the placebo.	1
Compared with the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.	Cisco earned 729 million dollars on $4.82 billion in the exact same quarter directly compared to last year.	0
Compared with the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.	Cisco earned 729 million dollars, or 10 cents a share, on $4.82 billion in the exact same quarter directly compared to last year.	1
Compared with the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.	Cisco profitted 729 million dollars, or 10 cents a share, on $4.82 billion in the exact same quarter directly compared to last year.	1
Compared with the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.	Cisco profited 729 million dollars, or 10 cents a share, on $4.82 billion in the exact same quarter directly compared to last year.	1
Compared with the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.	Cisco profited 729 million dollars, on $4.82 billion or 10 cents a share, in the exact same quarter directly compared to last year.	1
Compared with the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.	Cisco profited 729 million dollars, on $4.82 billion or 10 cents a share, in the exact same quarter from 12 months ago.	1
Compared with the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.	Cisco profited 729 million dollars, on $4.82 billion, or 10 cents a share, in the exact same quarter from 12 months ago.	1
Compared with the same quarter last year, Cisco earned $729 million, or 10 cents a share, on revenue of $4.82 billion.	Cisco profited 729 million dollars, on $4.82 billion, or 10 cents a share, in the same quarter from exactly 12 months ago.	1
UF_NORMAL_ACCOUNT - default account type that representing a typical user.	UF_NORMAL_ACCOUNT is better known as the default account type for a standard user.	1
What's he up to?	What is he doing now?	1
What's he up to?	What is he cooking now?	0
What's he up to?	What is he doing now?	1
You know her then?	Do you know her name?	0
And there are some things women are universally known for faking, and this girl is a professional.	Would it be said that some things women do are universally known for faking?	0
You know her then?	Do you know who she is?	1
What's he up to?	Is he doing something now?	1
And there are some things women are universally known for faking, and this girl is a professional.	And there are some things women are always known for faking, and this girl is a professional.	1
What's he up to?	what Is he doing something now?	1
And there are some things women are universally known for faking, and this girl is a professional.	Are there some things women are always known for faking, and this girl is a professional.	1
What's he up to?	what is he doing something now?	1
And there are some things women are universally known for faking, and this girl is a professional.	Are there some things women are always known for faking, especially professional ones?	0
And there are some things women are universally known for faking, and this girl is a professional.	Are there some things women are always known for faking, and even this professional girl?	1
And there are some things women are universally known for faking, and this girl is a professional.	Are there some things women are always known for making up, and even this professional girl?	1
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	the Iraqi authority international legitimacy .Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen	1
And there are some things women are universally known for faking, and this girl is a professional.	Are there some things that females are always known for making up, and even this professional girl?	1
And there are some things women are universally known for faking, and this girl is a professional.	Are there some things that women are always known for making up, and even this professional girl?	1
And there are some things women are universally known for faking, and this girl is a professional.	Are there some things females are always known for making up, and even this professional girl?	1
And there are some things women are universally known for faking, and this girl is a professional.	Are there some things women are always known for making up, and even this professional girl?	1
And there are some things women are universally known for faking, and this girl is a professional.	Are there some things women are known for always making up, and even this professional girl?	1
The University of Michigan released a new undergraduate admission process Thursday, dropping a point system the U.S. Supreme Court found unconstitutional in June.	On thursday, the University of Michigan unveiled new undergraduate admission criteria after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled their point system was unconstitutional in June.	1
The University of Michigan released a new undergraduate admission process Thursday, dropping a point system the U.S. Supreme Court found unconstitutional in June.	On Thursday, the University of Michigan unveiled new undergraduate admission criteria after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled their point system was unconstitutional in June.	1
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	the Iraqi authority international legitimacy were proposed a higher role at the UN by Russia, France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen	1
I mean, I could play poker with Alex.	Poker with Alex is something I could play.	1
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	the Iraqi authority international legitimacy were proposed a higher role at the UN by Russia, France, China and others, U.S.-chosen	1
I mean, I could play poker with Alex.	Poker with Alex is something I could do.	1
I mean, I could play poker with Alex.	Poker with Alex is an event I could do.	1
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	the Iraqi authority international legitimacy, chosen by U.S., were proposed a higher role at the UN by Russia, France, China and others,	1
Fun!	How exciting!	1
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	The Iraqi authority international legitimacy, chosen by U.S., were proposed a higher role at the UN by Russia, France, China and others,	1
I mean, I could play poker with Alex.	Playing poker with Alex is an event I could do.	1
I mean, I could play poker with Alex.	Poker with Alex is an event I could do.	1
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	The Iraqi authority international legitimacy, chosen by U.S., were proposed a higher role at the U.N. by Russia, France, China and others,	1
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	The Iraqi authority international legitimacy, chosen by U.S., were proposed a higher role at the U.N., by Russia, France, China and others,	1
People need someone to look up to.	Everyone needs a role model.	1
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	The Iraqi authority international legitimacy, chosen by U.S., were proposed a higher role at the U.N., by Russia, France, China and other nations,	1
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	The Iraqi authority international legitimacy, chosen by U.S., were proposed a higher role at the U.N., by Russia, France, China and other nations,	1
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	The Iraqi authority international legitimacy, chosen by U.S., were proposed a higher role at the U.N., by Russia, France, China and other nations	1
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	The Iraqi authority international legitimacy, chosen by U.S., were proposed a higher role at the U.N., by Russia, France, China and other nations.	1
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	The Iraqi authority international legitimacy, chosen by U.S., were proposed for a higher role at the U.N., by Russia, France, China and other nations.	1
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	The Iraqi authority international legitimacy, chosen by U.S., were proposed for a higher U.N. role, by Russia, France, China and other nations.	1
Russia, along with France, China and others, advocate a stronger U.N. role to give a U.S.-chosen Iraqi authority international legitimacy.	The Iraqi authority international legitimacy, chosen by U.S., were proposed for a higher role at the U.N., by Russia, France, China and other nations.	1
There's hot babes everywhere, except for at sea when you're stuck on a boat with four dudes and a cooler.	THERE'S HOT BABES EVERYWHEE,EXCEPT FOR AT SEA WHEN YOU'RE STUCK BOAT ON A WITH FOUR DUDES AND A COOLER	1
Attackers detonated a second roadside bomb later Sunday as a U.S. convoy was traveling near Fallujah, killing an American soldier and wounding three others.	ATTAACKERS DETONATED A SECOND ROADSIDE BOMB LATER SUNDAY AS A U S CONVOY WAS TRAVELING NEAR FALLUJAH, AND AMERICAN SOLDER WOUNDING OTHERS	0
Attackers detonated a second roadside bomb later Sunday as a U.S. convoy was traveling near Fallujah, killing an American soldier and wounding three others.	ATTAACKERS DETONATED A SECOND ROADSIDE BOMB LATER SUNDAY AS A U S CONVOY WAS TRAVELING NEAR FALLUJAH, AND AMERICAN SOLDER WOUNDING OTHERS ROADSIDE.	0
Julien, you... did it!	HAI JULIEN DID IT	1
"A second Indonesian, Imam Samudra, the so-called ""field commander"" of the bombings, was sentenced to death last month."	The mastermind behind the bombings named Imam Samudra was the second Indonesian sentenced to death last month.	1
MAX Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured today in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities in the United States said.	Andrew Luster, who was an accused fugitive rapist, was captured today in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities in the United States said.	0
10 The Commission, for its part, contended that, in essence, Law 67/2007 did not constitute an adequate and complete measure to comply with the 2004 judgment.	The Commission declared that Law 67/2007 was not sufficiently written to adhere to the 2004 judgment.	1
MAX Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured today in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities in the United States said.	The fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured today in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities in the United States said.	0
MAX Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured today in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities in the United States said.	MAX Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was arrested today in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities in the United States said.	1
MAX Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured today in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities in the United States said.	MAX Factor cosmetics heir, Andrew Luster was arrested today for being a fugitive rapist, in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities in the United States said.	1
MAX Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured today in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities in the United States said.	MAX Factor cosmetics heir, Andrew Luster was arrested today for being a fugitive rapist, in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico is what the US authorities had stated.	1
MAX Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured today in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities in the United States said.	MAX Factor make up heir, Andrew Luster was arrested today for being a fugitive rapist, in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico is what the US authorities had stated.	1
MAX Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured today in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities in the United States said.	MAX Factor make up heir, Andrew Luster was busted today for being a fugitive rapist, in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico is what the US authorities had stated.	1
MAX Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured today in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities in the United States said.	MAX Factor make up heir, Andrew Luster was caught today for being a fugitive rapist, in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico is what the US authorities had stated.	1
MAX Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured today in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities in the United States said.	MAX Factor make up heir, Andrew Luster was caught today for being an accused fugitive rapist, in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico is what the US authorities had stated.	1
And the guy is an ethics professor.	That man teaches ethics.	1
MAX Factor cosmetics heir and fugitive rapist Andrew Luster was captured today in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, authorities in the United States said.	MAX Factor make up heir, Andrew Luster was caught today for being an accused fugitive rapist, in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, is what the US authorities had stated.	1
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	The systems usually combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	1
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	The systems usually combine institutional and community-based care, which are funded by a combination of private and government dollars.	0
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	The systems usually combine institutional and community-based care, which are funded by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	1
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	The systems usually combine institutional and community-based care, which are funded by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars working together.	0
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	Calvin Hollins Jr. had no connection with the company who owns E2, according to Thomas Royce, his attorney.	0
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	The systems usually combine institutional and community-based care, which are funded by a combo of state, federal, and private dollars.	1
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	The systems usually combine institutional and community-based care, which are funded by a combo of government and private dollars.	0
Calvin Hollins Jr.'s attorney, Thomas Royce, has repeatedly said his client had no link with the company that owned and operated E2.	Calvin Hollins Jr. had no connection with the company who owns and controls E2, according to Thomas Royce, his attorney.	0
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	The systems usually combine the 2, institutional and community-based care, which are funded by a combo of state, federal, and private dollars.	1
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	The systems usually combine the two, institutional and community-based care, which are funded by a combo of state, federal, and private dollars.	1
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	The systems usually combine the 2, institutional and community-based care, which are funded exclusively by a combo of state, federal, and private dollars.	0
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	The systems usually combine the 2, institutional and community-based care, which are funded by a combo of state, federal, and private dollars.	1
She practices Japanese martial arts and nothing else.	She doesn't participate in anything other than Japanese martial arts.	1
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	The systems often combine the 2, institutional and community-based care, which are funded by a combo of state, federal, and private dollars.	1
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	The systems often combine the 2, institutional and community-based care, that are funded by a combo of state, federal, and private dollars.	1
Unless you had a reason not to, and, sure looks like you did.	It really seems like you had a reason not to.	0
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	The systems often combine the 2, institutional and community-based care, that are funded by an amalgamation of state, federal, and private dollars.	1
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	The systems often combine the 2, institutional and community-based care, that are funded by a combo of state, federal, and private dollars.	1
Those systems typically combine institutional and community-based care and are financed by a combination of state, federal, and private dollars.	The systems often combine the 2, institutional and community-based care, that are funded by a integration of state, federal, and private dollars.	1
We'd talk about the stars... ...and whether there might be somebody else like us out in space,... ...places we wanted to go and... it made our trials seem smaller.	We often would talk about the stars and whether there might be somebody else like us out in space, places we wanted to go and it made our trials seem smaller.	1
We'd talk about the stars... ...and whether there might be somebody else like us out in space,... ...places we wanted to go and... it made our trials seem smaller.	We often would talk about the stars and if somebody else is similar to us out in space, places we wanted to go and it made our trials seem smaller.	1
We'd talk about the stars... ...and whether there might be somebody else like us out in space,... ...places we wanted to go and... it made our trials seem smaller.	We often would talk about the stars and if somebody else is similar to us out in the universe, places we wanted to go and it made our trials seem smaller.	1
We'd talk about the stars... ...and whether there might be somebody else like us out in space,... ...places we wanted to go and... it made our trials seem smaller.	We often would talk about the stars and if somebody else is similar to us out in the universe, locations we desired to go and it made our trials seem smaller.	1
We'd talk about the stars... ...and whether there might be somebody else like us out in space,... ...places we wanted to go and... it made our trials seem smaller.	We often would talk about the stars and if somebody else is similar to us out in the universe, places we wanted to go and it made our trials seem smaller.	1
We'd talk about the stars... ...and whether there might be somebody else like us out in space,... ...places we wanted to go and... it made our trials seem smaller.	We often would talk about the stars and if somebody else is similar to us out in the universe, places we desired to go and it made our trials seem smaller.	1
We'd talk about the stars... ...and whether there might be somebody else like us out in space,... ...places we wanted to go and... it made our trials seem smaller.	We often would talk about the stars and if somebody else is similar to us out in the universe, places we wanted to go and it made our trials seem smaller.	1
We'd talk about the stars... ...and whether there might be somebody else like us out in space,... ...places we wanted to go and... it made our trials seem smaller.	We often would talk about the stars and if somebody else is similar to us out in the universe, places we sought to go and it made our trials seem smaller.	1
We'd talk about the stars... ...and whether there might be somebody else like us out in space,... ...places we wanted to go and... it made our trials seem smaller.	We often would talk about the stars and if somebody else is similar to us out in the universe, places we wanted to visit and it made our trials seem smaller.	1
We'd talk about the stars... ...and whether there might be somebody else like us out in space,... ...places we wanted to go and... it made our trials seem smaller.	We often would talk about the stars and if somebody else is similar to us out in the universe, places we wanted to visit and it made our problems seem smaller.	1
Oh! we spent all night, used all the fancy machines.	We spent all night using the luxurious equipment.	1
We'd talk about the stars... ...and whether there might be somebody else like us out in space,... ...places we wanted to go and... it made our trials seem smaller.	We often would talk about the stars and if somebody else is similar to us out in the universe, places we wanted to visit and it made our problems seem minisucule.	1
We'd talk about the stars... ...and whether there might be somebody else like us out in space,... ...places we wanted to go and... it made our trials seem smaller.	We often would talk about the stars and if somebody else is similar to us out in the universe, places we wanted to visit and it made our problems seem minuscule.	1
How was the club?	Did you enjoy the association?	1
We'd talk about the stars... ...and whether there might be somebody else like us out in space,... ...places we wanted to go and... it made our trials seem smaller.	We often would talk about the stars and if there were others similar to us out in the universe, places we wanted to visit and it made our problems seem minuscule.	1
We'd talk about the stars... ...and whether there might be somebody else like us out in space,... ...places we wanted to go and... it made our trials seem smaller.	We often would talk about the stars and if somebody else is similar to us out in the universe, places we wanted to visit and it made our problems seem minuscule.	1
The second ground, as set out in the appeal, is divided into five limbs.	The second ground was divided in to 5 limbs	0
The second ground, as set out in the appeal, is divided into five limbs.	The second ground was divided in to 5 limbs, which was set out in appeals.	1
The second ground, as set out in the appeal, is divided into five limbs.	The second ground was turned in to 5 limbs, which was set out in appeals.	1
The second ground, as set out in the appeal, is divided into five limbs.	The second ground was turned in to 5 limbs, which was laid out in appeals.	1
The second ground, as set out in the appeal, is divided into five limbs.	The second ground was turned in to 5 segments, which was laid out in appeals.	1
Sir, you have to buy 'em from me. -	Actually you have to purchase them from me.	0
Sir, you have to buy 'em from me. -	Sir you have to purchase them from me.	1
Sir, you have to buy 'em from me. -	you have to purchase them from me.	0
Sir, you have to buy 'em from me. -	You have to purchase them from me.	0
Sir, you have to buy 'em from me. -	You have to purchase them from me, sir.	1
On Saturday, the International Committee of the Red Cross said it was temporarily closing its offices in Baghdad and Basra.	The International Committee of the Red Cross said on Saturday that it would temporarily shut down operations at its offices in Baghdad and Basra.	1
Sir, you have to buy 'em from me. -	You have to purchase them, sir.	0
Sir, you have to buy 'em from me. -	You have to purchase them only from me, sir.	0
Sir, you have to buy 'em from me. -	I'm the only one you can purchase them from, sir.	0
Sir, you have to buy 'em from me. -	Sir, I'm the one who you must buy them from.	1
Sir, you have to buy 'em from me. -	Sir, I'm the one who you must purchase them from.	1
Sir, you have to buy 'em from me. -	Sir, I'm the one whom you must purchase them from.	1
Sir, you have to buy 'em from me. -	Sir, I'm the person whom you must purchase them from.	1
Sir, you have to buy 'em from me. -	Sir, I am the person whom you must purchase them from.	1
Sir, you have to buy 'em from me. -	Sir, I am the person whom you must obtain them from.	1
Wall Street regained a positive track yesterday after two of Saddam Hussein's sons were killed in a firefight in Iraq.	Wall Street earned a positive track yesterday after two of Saddam Hussein's sons were killed in a firefight in Iraq.	1
Back when Wyatt and I were together, his dad got my family a really good deal on homeowner's insurance just to impress me.	In an effort to impress me, Wyatt asked his dad to give my family a discount on homeowner's insurance while we were dating.	0
Back when Wyatt and I were together, his dad got my family a really good deal on homeowner's insurance just to impress me.	In an effort to impress me, Wyatt's dad gave my family a discount on homeowner's insurance while Wyatt and I were dating.	1
Back when Wyatt and I were together, his dad got my family a really good deal on homeowner's insurance just to impress me.	In an effort to impress me, Wyatt's dad gave my family a discount on homeowner's insurance while Wyatt and I were dating.	1
He's nothing. He's just the cook.	He doesn't have any status because he's only the cook.	1
No, let's not do that.	Oh no, we can't do that.	1
No, let's not do that.	No, we must do something else.	0
No, let's not do that.	Oh no, we can't do that.	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	Revenue zoomed by 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	1
The Foreign Office says that Heaton is in detention but has not yet been charged with any offence.	Although the Foreign Office hasn't brought criminal charges, Heaton is in detention.	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	Revenue zoomed by 26 percent to $817000000, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	0
Too much coffee.	Drinking excess coffee.	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	South San Francisco-based company stated that the evenue zoomed by 26 percent to $817000000, the  said in a statement.	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	South San Francisco-based company stated that the revenue zoomed by 26 percent to $817000000, the  said in a statement.	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	South San Francisco-based company stated that the revenue zoomed by 26 percent to $817000000	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	South San Francisco-based company stated that the revenue increased by 26 percent to $817000000	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	South San Francisco-based company stated that the revenue increased by 26% to $817000000	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	South San Francisco-based company stated that the revenue increased by 26% to 817 MUSD	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	The company based in South San Francisco stated that the revenue increased by 26% to 817 MUSD	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	The South San Francisco-based company stated that the revenue increased by 26% to 817 MUSD	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	The South San Francisco-based company stated that the revenue increased by 26% to 817 MUSD	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	The South San Francisco-based company stated that the revenue has increased by 26% to 817 MUSD	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	The South San Francisco-based company stated that the revenue has increased to 817 MUSD that is a 26% jump	1
Revenue jumped 26 percent to $817 million, the South San Francisco-based company said in a statement.	The South San Francisco-based company stated that the revenue has increased to 817 MUSD, that is a 26% jump	1
Come on.	Move quickly.	0
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"Describing the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn.""Microsoft has"	1
Come on.	Act fast.	0
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"Describing the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."" Microsoft has"	1
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"Describing the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."" Microsoft"	1
Come on.	Please hurry.	1
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"Microsoft,describing the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	1
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"Microsoft, describing the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	1
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"Microsoft, said the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	1
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"Microsoft, said the technology is ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	1
Keep in line, woman!	Be obedient, my dear!	1
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"Microsoft has made rich said the technology is ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	0
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"Microsoft has made rich praise said the technology is ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	0
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"Microsoft has made rich praise saying the technology is ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	0
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"Microsoft made rich praise saying the technology is ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	0
Would you please turn your head? Why?	Could you look the other way? Why should I?	1
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"Microsoft made rich praise saying that the new technique is ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	0
"""Carrying any cargo?"""	Do you have any luggage with you?	1
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"Microsoft  ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	0
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"Microsoft made rich praise saying the technology is ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	0
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"Microsoft has made rich praise saying the technology is ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	0
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"Microsoft has made rich said the technology is ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	0
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"Microsoft, said the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	1
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"Microsoft, said the technology is ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	1
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."" Microsoft, said the technology is"	1
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."" Thats how Microsoift stated the new techas the technology is"	1
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."" Thats how Microsoft stated the new tech as."	1
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."" Thats how Microsoft stated the new techonology as."	1
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."" Thats how Microsoft stated the new technology as."	1
Robin Saunders, head of the bank's London-based principal finance unit, is also expected to quit.	It's reported that the leader of the bank's London-based principal finance unit, Robin Saunders, will step down.	1
"Microsoft has described the technology as ""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."""	"""a brand new client platform for building smart, connected, media rich applications in Longhorn."" Thats how Microsoft stated the new tech as."	1
You'd like that, wouldn't you?	That would make you happy, wouldn't it?	1
Violently.	fiercely	1
Violently.	strongly	1
Violently.	intensely	1
Violently.	forcibly	1
Violently.	turbulently	1
No.	Certainly not.	1
"""We're just dealing with bragging rights here, who wins and who loses."""	All we care about are the winners and the losers.	0
I'm gonna use him.	I'm going to use him	1
I'm gonna use him.	I'm pushing to use him	0
I travelled in my youth, took to the stage, and finally became a reporter on an evening paper in London.	When I was young, I travelled and performed on-stage, and eventually became a reporter for one of London's evening papers.	1
That's so cool.	that's magnificent	1
Let me go!	set me free	1
Let me go!	get off me	1
A group of investors wants to start a TV network aimed at the estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States.	The estimated 8 million Muslims living in the United States are the target audience for an investment group's plan to start a new TV network.	1
John.	toilet	0
John.	jonny	0
John.	trick	0
Page Tree	page arboreal	1
They were released to authorities after officers delivered the soda to the gunman, using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door.	The gunman released them after police officers passed him a six-pack of soda through a door.	0
Open up.	unlock	0
Open up.	blow off steam	0
Open up.	open wide	0
Open up.	start	1
Yes! Yes! Yes!	yeah yeah	1
Yes! Yes! Yes!	yeah yeah yeah	1
Yes! Yes! Yes!	yeah! yeah! yeah!	1
Yes! Yes! Yes!	yeah	1
Yes! Yes! Yes!	we get the idea	0
Yes! Yes! Yes!	ja ja	0
Cisco pared spending to compensate for sluggish sales.	In order to off-set decreasing sales, Cisco cut down on spending.	1
Yes! Yes! Yes!	yes yes	1
Yes! Yes! Yes!	yeah yeah	1
Your Holiness.	your grace	0
Your Holiness.	eminency	1
"""It's unfortunate that Senator Clinton would seek to politicize such a qualified nominee as Governor Leavitt,"" said Taylor Gross, a White House spokesman."	"Taylor Gross, a White House spokesman said ""It's wrong for Senator Clinton to politicize such a sincere nominee as Governor Leavitt."""	1
Yes.	indubitably	0
Yes.	naturally	0
Yes.	yep	1
Yes.	definitely	1
Yes.	of course	0
Yes.	affirmative	1
Yes.	certainly	1
Yes.	absolutely	1
Yes.	agreed	1
Midnight?	dead of night	0
Midnight?	graveyard shift	0
Midnight?	skinny dipping	0
Midnight?	middle of the night	1
We came here to find the Ark.	We travelled to this place to discover the Ark.	1
We came here to find the Ark.	We travelled to this place because we're looking for the Ark.	1
We came here to find the Ark.	We're looking for the Ark, so we travelled to this place.	1
They fear the treatment would leave 12-year-old Parker Jensen sterile and stunt his growth.	They feared that 12-year-old Parker Jensen would become sterile and his growth would stunt because of the treatment.	1
We came here to find the Ark.	We're looking for the Ark, so we travelled to this place.	1
What it ate?	PANANA IT ATE	0
What it ate?	EAT IN BANANA	0
Whatwas that?	what exactly does that	0
What it ate?	WHAT IT ATE THIS	1
Whatwas that?	what the fuck is that	1
"""The Republicans went into a closet, met with themselves, and announced a 'compromise.'"""	THE REPUBLICANS WENT INTO A CLOSET MED WITH THEMSELVES AND ANNOUNCED A COMPROMISE	1
Tristan, Emily, get over here.	Come here immediately Tristan and Emily.	1
Their fine threads of polypropylene mesh capture beads of fog water, much as a spider's web captures droplets of dew.	THEIR FINE THREADS OF POLYPROPYLENE MESH CAPTURE BEADS OF FOG WATER MUCH AS A SPIDER WEB CAPTURES DROPLETS OF DEW.	1
Their fine threads of polypropylene mesh capture beads of fog water, much as a spider's web captures droplets of dew.	THEIR FINE THREADS OF POLYPROPYLENE MESH CAPTURE BEADS OF FOG WATER MUCH AS A SPIDER WEB CAPTURES DROPLETS OF AND ONE DEW.	1
Beyond good and evil.	culturally constructed rather than inherently	0
Coming here with you?	here you come	1
Want to see Miss Liberty today?	Would you like to visit the Statue of Liberty today?	1
I'm here for you, too.	You’re not alone	0
I'm here for you, too.	You are not alone	0
I'm here for you, too.	You are not alone, too	0
I'm here for you, too.	I’m here to help, too	1
ML, come here?	Come over here, ML	1
Of course.	indeed	1
Of course.	doubtless	0
Of course.	precisely	0
Of course.	beyond doubt	0
Of course.	by all means	0
Of course.	certainly	1
Of course.	without a doubt	0
Of course.	indubitably	0
Of course.	assuredly	0
Of course.	definitely	1
We have done them a great wrong.	They have suffered a great wrong from us.	1
Of course.	surely	1
Of course.	sure thing	1
We have done them a great wrong.	They have suffered a great injustice from us.	1
We have done them a great wrong.	They have suffered a great injustice from us.	1
We have done them a great wrong.	They have received a great wrong from us.	1
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	He has made a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	1
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	He has made a group to revise the constitution, and possibly to protect private property.	1
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	He has made a group to revise the constitution, and possibly to protect private property of citizens.	0
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	He made a group to revise the constitution, and possibly to protect private property.	1
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	He made a group to revise the constitution, and also possibly to protect private property.	1
It's bleeding!	It's nosebleed	0
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	He made a group to revisit the constitution, and also possibly to protect private property.	1
It's bleeding!	It's bleed out	1
It's bleeding!	It's bleed out!	1
It's bleeding!	It's bleed out	1
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	A group was made by him to review  the constitution, and also possibly to protect private property.	1
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	A group was made by him to review the constitution, and also possibly to protect private property.	1
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	A group was made by him to review the constitution, and also probably to protect private property.	1
Let me carry that for you.	I can carry that for you.	1
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	A group was made by him to review the constitution, and probably to protect private property also.	1
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	A group was initiated by him to review the constitution, and probably to protect private property also.	1
Oh, that's Davis.	wow, that's Davis	1
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	A group was initiated by him to revse the constitution, and probably to protect private property also.	1
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	A group was initiated by him to revise the constitution, and probably to protect private property also.	1
Let me carry that for you.	I can hold that for you.	1
Oh, that's Davis.	ahhh, that's Davis	1
Oh, that's Davis.	ah, that's Davis	1
Oh, that's Davis.	hello there, that's Davis	0
Let me carry that for you.	Allow me to hold that for you.	1
Let me carry that for you.	I can hold that for you.	1
Oh, that's Davis.	yikes, that's Davis	1
Let me carry that for you.	Here, I can hold that for you.	1
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	A group was initiated by him to revise the laws of the nation, and probably to protect private property also.	1
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	A group was initiated by him to review and update the laws of the nation, and probably to protect private property also.	0
He has established a group to revise the constitution, possibly to protect private property.	A group was initiated by him to revise the laws of the nation, and probably to protect private property also.	1
Let me carry that for you.	Hold on, I can hold that for you.	0
Hello.	what's up	0
Let me carry that for you.	Hold on, I can carry that for you.	1
Hello.	good day	0
Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts.	Adrian Lamo aged 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts.	1
Hello.	howdy	1
Let me carry that for you.	Hey, I can hold that for you.	1
Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts.	Adrian Lamo aged 22, had told reporters he has thought to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento on Friday, but he then had second thoughts.	1
Let me carry that for you.	Hey, I can hold that for you if you want	1
Let me carry that for you.	Hey, I can hold that for you if you want?	1
No.	not at all	0
Let me carry that for you.	Hey, I can hold that for you, if you want?	1
Let me carry that for you.	Hey, I can hold that for you if you want?	1
No.	certainly not	1
Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts.	Before his second thought of fleeing, Adrian Lamo aged 22, had told reporters he has thought to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento on Friday	1
It's manual!	It's guidebook	0
Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts.	Before his second thought of fleeing, Adrian Lamo aged 22, had told reporters he has thought to surrender to the FBI in the city of Sacramento on Friday	1
Adrian Lamo, 22, had told reporters he planned to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento Friday, but he then had second thoughts.	Before his second thought of fleeing, Adrian Lamo aged 22, had told reporters he has thought to surrender to the FBI in Sacramento on Friday	1
It's manual!	It's primer	0
It's manual!	It's handbook	1
It's manual!	It's handbook!	1
It's manual!	It's hand book!	1
You, the final three, have proven yourselves worthy Contenders.	The final three, have proven yourselves worthy Contenders.	1
You, the final three, have proven yourselves worthy Contenders.	The final three of you, have proven yourselves worthy Contenders.	1
You, the final three, have proven yourselves worthy Contenders.	The final three, have proven yourselves worthy contestants	1
No, not yet.	No, not been	1
You, the final three, have proven yourselves worthy Contenders.	The final three of you, have proven yourselves worthy contestants	1
No, not yet.	No, outstanding	0
You, the final three, have proven yourselves worthy Contenders.	The final three of you all, have proven yourselves worthy contestants	1
No, not yet.	No, has not been	1
You, the final three, have proven yourselves worthy Contenders.	The final three of all, have proven yourselves worthy contestants	1
No, not yet.	No, still does not	1
No, not yet.	No, has yet	1
No, not yet.	No, has so far	0
No, not yet.	No, has so far not	1
That's a good idea.	That is a good idea.	1
No, not yet.	No, yet to be	1
That's a good idea.	its a good idea.	1
"UBS Warburg downgraded Altria, a Dow member, to ""neutral"" from ""buy,"" based on valuation."	"Considering the valuation, Dow member Altria was downgraded from UBS Warburg to ""neutral"" that was previously ""buy""."	1
That's a good idea.	its' a good idea.	1
It's just as bad.	It's just as hard	1
It's just as bad.	It's as anxious	0
It's just as bad.	It's it worse	0
It's just as bad.	It's equally hard	1
It's just as bad.	It's little better	0
It's just as bad.	It's this is worse	0
It's just as bad.	It's just as much	0
Everywhere.	worldwide	0
Everywhere.	anywhere	1
Everywhere.	all over the place	1
I'm sorry.	I'm remorseful	1
I'm sorry.	I'm gloomy	0
I'm sorry.	I'm dismal	0
I'm sorry.	I'm regretful	1
I'm sorry.	I'm sorrowful	1
Don't mention it, Hemsley.	not talk about it, Hemsley.	1
Don't mention it, Hemsley.	not talk about it, Hemsley	1
Don't mention it, Hemsley.	my pleasure, Hemsley	0
Don't mention it, Hemsley.	it doesn't matter, Hemsley	0
Don't mention it, Hemsley.	don't worry about it, Hemsley	1
Don't mention it, Hemsley.	think nothing of it, Hemsley	0
Don't mention it, Hemsley.	i quite understand, Hemsley	0
Don't mention it, Hemsley.	forget about it, Hemsley	1
Don't mention it, Hemsley.	not a thing, Hemsley	0
Don't mention it, Hemsley.	don't apologize, Hemsley	0
Don't mention it, Hemsley.	no thanks necessary, Hemsley	0
Don't mention it, Hemsley.	you couldn't help it, Hemsley	0
Don't mention it, Hemsley.	my pleasure, Hemsley	0
Don't mention it, Hemsley.	no worries, Hemsley	0
Don't mention it, Hemsley.	never mind, Hemsley	1
Just great.	really amazing	1
Just great.	pretty amazing	1
Just great.	just terrific	1
Just great.	so great	1
Just great.	just lovely	1
Just great.	amazing	1
Just great.	gorgeous	0
Just great.	terrific	1
Just great.	quite wonderful	1
Just great.	pretty great	1
Just great.	just perfect	1
Just great.	truly impressive	1
Just great.	just dandy	1
My sweets are burning.	scorching	0
My sweets are burning.	My sweets are scorching	1
My sweets are burning.	My sweets are combustion	1
My sweets are burning.	My sweets are searing	1
My sweets are burning.	My sweets are fervent	1
Money!	resources	0
Money!	resources	0
Money!	income	1
Money!	dollar	0
Money!	purse	0
Money!	coins	1
I don't believe this guy.	i never thought this guy	0
I don't believe this guy.	i do not think so this guy	1
I don't believe this guy.	i don't considerthis guy	1
I don't believe this guy.	i don't consider this guy	1
I don't believe this guy.	i don't considerthis guy	1
But there's nothing interesting.	But lack thereof interesting.	1
But there's nothing interesting.	But there is none interesting.	1
But there's nothing interesting.	But lack thereof appealing	1
I think I want to learn French.	in my opinion I want to learn French	1
I think I want to learn French.	in my opinion, I want to learn French	1
I think I want to learn French.	my mind I want to learn French	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	Fiorina exclaimed with confidence that HP is no longer an integration story.	1
I think I want to learn French.	in my view I want to learn French	1
I think I want to learn French.	from my perspectiveI want to learn French	1
I think I want to learn French.	from my perspective I want to learn French	1
I think I want to learn French.	from my perspective, I want to learn French	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	"Fiorina exclaimed with confidence that ""HP is no longer an integration story."""	1
I think I want to learn French.	i was thinking, I want to learn French	1
I think I want to learn French.	i was thinking I want to learn French	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	"Fiorina felt confident to say that ""HP is no longer an integration story."""	1
I think I want to learn French.	my way of thinking I want to learn French	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	Fiorina felt confident to say that HP is no longer an integration story.	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	Fiorina felt confident to say that HP is no longer an integration story.	1
I think I want to learn French.	i regard I want to learn French	1
I think I want to learn French.	in my point of view I want to learn French	1
I think I want to learn French.	i feel I want to learn French	1
I think I want to learn French.	i feel, I want to learn French	1
I think I want to learn French.	my mind I want to learn French	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	Fiorina felt confident sayin that HP is no longer an integration story.	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	Fiorina felt confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story.	1
I think I want to learn French.	it seems to me I want to learn French	1
What happened?	what up	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	"Fiorina said, confidently, ""HP is no longer an integration story."""	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	"Fiorina said, confidently, ""HP is no longer an integration story"""	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	"Fiorina said, confidently, ""HP is no longer an integration story""."	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	"Fiorina said, confidently, ""HP is no longer an integration story"""	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	"Fiorina said confidently, ""HP is no longer an integration story"""	1
Go!	proceed	1
Go!	take off	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	"Fiorina spoke, confidently, ""HP is no longer an integration story"""	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	"Fiorina exclaimed, confidently, ""HP is no longer an integration story"""	1
She's very ill.	She's  pretty sick	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	"Fiorina spoke, confidently, and said ""HP is no longer an integration story"""	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	"Fiorina spoke, confidently, and said ""HP is no longer an integration story"""	1
She's very ill.	She's terribly ill	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	"Fiorina spoke, confidently, and said ""HP is no longer an integration story""."	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	"Fiorina spoke, confidently, and said ""HP is no longer an integration story."""	1
She's very ill.	She's very unwell	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	"Fiorina spoke, confidently, and said ""HP is no longer an integration story."""	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	"Fiorina spoke, confidently, and said ""HP is no longer an integration story"""	1
She's very ill.	She's really bad	1
"""I feel confident saying that HP is no longer an integration story,"" Fiorina said."	"Fiorina spoke, confidently, and said ""HP is no longer an integration story"""	1
Yeah?	ok, anything else?	0
Especially the...	specifically	0
Especially the...	notably	0
Especially the...	notably the	1
Especially the...	particular the	1
Especially the...	peculiarly the	0
He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept.	He is suggesting that it may look to be unrealistic due to lack of effort focusing on the concept.	1
Especially the...	first and foremost the	1
Especially the...	chiefly the	1
He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept.	He is suggesting that it looks to be unrealistic due to lack of effort focusing on the concept.	1
Especially the...	strikingly the	0
He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept.	He is suggesting that it looks to be fake due to lack of effort focusing on the concept.	1
Especially the...	distinctly the	1
He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept.	He is suggesting that it looks to be poorly done due to lack of effort focusing on the concept.	0
She's got ectopia cordis.	She's got heart disease	0
What do you know?	what you got	1
He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept.	He is suggesting that the lack of effort focusing on the concept is making it seem unrealistic.	1
Get me out!	set me free	1
He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept.	He is suggesting that due to the lack of effort focusing on the concept, it is making it seem unrealistic.	1
Can I help you?	you guys need anything	0
He claims it may seem unrealistic only because little effort has been devoted to the concept.	He is claiming that due to the lack of effort focusing on the concept, it is making it seem unrealistic.	1
Can I help you?	there something you need	0
Can I help you?	you want something	0
Can I help you?	need any help	0
Can I help you?	what can i do	0
Can I help you?	be of service	0
Can I help you?	be of service?	1
You better watch it!	you to beware	1
Function Modules	operate Modules	0
Function Modules	task Modules	0
Function Modules	Function components	1
Function Modules	Function templates	0
Function Modules	Function mock-ups	1
Resigning along with Brendsel was Vaughn Clarke, the company's executive vice president and chief financial officer.	Vaughn Clarke, the executive vice president and the chief financial officer of the company, resigned along with Brendsel.	1
You creep. You used me.	you bastard	0
You creep. You used me.	disgusting	0
Yeah?	ok?	1
Yeah?	oh really?	1
Yeah?	oh really?	1
Yeah?	really?	1
Yeah?	is it?	0
Yeah?	is that so?	1
What's wrong?	in the hell is wrong	1
Good.	thats really good!	1
Good.	thats really nice!	0
Good.	nice!	1
His heart was under great stress.	His heart was greatly stressed	1
Good.	nice	1
His heart was under great stress.	His heart was greatly stressed.	1
Good.	thats really good!	1
His heart was under great stress.	His heart accompanied so much great stress.	1
One! Two!	two! one!	1
Apparently, I am the only one among us who can spell.	It looks like I am the only one among us who can spell.	1
One! Two!	three! four!	0
His heart was under great stress.	His heart accompanied so much stress.	1
Apparently, I am the only one among us who can spell.	It looks like I am the only one among us who know how to spell.	1
Apparently, I am the only one among us who can spell.	It looks like I am the only one, who know how to spell, among us	1
His heart was under great stress.	His heart accompanied a great deal of stress.	1
You stay out of there.	do not go in there	1
Apparently, I am the only one among us who can spell.	It looks like am i the only one, who know how to spell, among us	1
His heart was under great stress.	His heart accompanied a deal of great stress.	1
Apparently, I am the only one among us who can spell.	It looks like am i the only one, who know how to spell, among us?	1
His heart was under great stress.	His heart accompanied a deal of great stress.	1
Apparently, I am the only one among us who can spell.	It looks like am i the only one, who know how to spell, among us.	1
His heart was under great stress.	His heart accompanied great stress.	1
Apparently, I am the only one among us who can spell.	It looks like am i the only one, who know how to spell, among us	1
His heart was under great stress.	His heart accompanied a lot of great stress.	1
His heart was under great stress.	His heart accompanied so much great stress.	1
And instead of being a man about it, he sold you out!	Can't believe he sold you out instead of being a man about it!	1
You guys always find some reason to toss me in the can.	Always trying to find a way throw me in the can, huh guys?	1
You guys always find some reason to toss me in the can.	Always trying to find a way to throw me in the can, huh guys?	1
You guys always find some reason to toss me in the can.	Always trying throw me in the can, huh guys?	1
You guys always find some reason to toss me in the can.	Always trying to throw me in the can, huh guys?	1
Suddenly I heard news about you staying in the north.	Can't believe you guys are staying in the north, I heard news about it.	0
Suddenly I heard news about you staying in the north.	I heard news about you guys are staying in the north.	0
Suddenly I heard news about you staying in the north.	I heard news about you guys are staying in the north.	0
I don't think you need an invitation to your reception.	Do you really need an an invitation to your reception.	1
I don't think you need an invitation to your reception.	Do you really need an an invitation to your reception?	1
I don't think you need an invitation to your reception.	Do you really need an an invitation to your reception.	1
The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health care worker, said Dr. Colin D’Cunha, Ontario’s commissioner of public health.	A not health care worker woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital, said DR. Colin D'Cinha, Ontario's commissioner of public health	1
Suddenly I heard news about you staying in the north.	Since when do you stay in the north suddenly?	0
Suddenly I heard news about you staying in the north.	Since when do you stay in the north, I heard about it, suddenly?	0
Suddenly I heard news about you staying in the north.	All of a sudden I heard about you living in the north	1
Suddenly I heard news about you staying in the north.	I suddenly heard about you living in the north	1
The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health care worker, said Dr. Colin D’Cunha, Ontario’s commissioner of public health.	A not healthcare worker woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital, said DR. Colin D'Cinha, Ontario's commissioner of public health	1
Suddenly I heard news about you staying in the north.	I heard some news about you living in the north	0
Suddenly I heard news about you staying in the north.	I heard news about you living in the north .	0
The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health care worker, said Dr. Colin D’Cunha, Ontario’s commissioner of public health.	A not healthcare worker woman was exposed to a virus while in the hospital, said DR. Colin D'Cinha, Ontario's commissioner of public health	0
Suddenly I heard news about you staying in the north.	I heard news about you living in the north region	0
Suddenly I heard news about you staying in the north.	I suddenly heard news about you living in the north region	1
Suddenly I heard news about you staying in the north.	I suddenly heard news about you living in the northern region.	1
Suddenly I heard news about you staying in the north.	I suddenly heard about you living in the northern region.	1
The woman was exposed to the SARS virus while in the hospital but was not a health care worker, said Dr. Colin D’Cunha, Ontario’s commissioner of public health.	A woman got the SARS virus while in the hospital, said DR. Colin D'Cinha, Ontario's commissioner of public health and she was not even a health care worker	1
Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $120,000.	Telemarketers can face up to $120,000 in FCC fines if they call listed numbers.	1
Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $120,000.	Telemarketers can accumulate up to $120,000 in FCC fines if they call listed numbers.	1
Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $120,000.	Telemarketers can accumulate up to $120,000 fines from the FCC if they call listed numbers.	1
Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $120,000.	Telemarketers can accumulate up to $120,000 in fines from the FCC if they call listed numbers.	1
Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $120,000.	Telemarketers can accumulate up to $120,000 in fines from the FCC granted they call listed numbers.	1
Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $120,000.	Telemarketers can accumulate up to $120,000 in fines from the FCC when they call listed numbers.	1
Telemarketers who call listed numbers could face FCC fines of up to $120,000.	Did you know that telemarketers can accumulate up to $120,000 in fines from the FCC granted they call listed numbers?	1
That provision now reads as follows:	Following the stipulation that reads:	1
That provision now reads as follows:	Following the new stipulation that reads:	1
Right away, Grandma...	Granny, I'll do it as soon as possible.	0
Right away, Grandma...	Grandma, I'll do it as soon as possible.	0
Right away, Grandma...	Grandma, I'll do it right away.	0
"Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement ""will be a compromise, like the real world requires."""	"As demand in the real world the accord ""will be an agreement"" that's what Mr. Bloomberg said to the reporters"	0
Right away, Grandma...	I'll do it right away, Grandma	0
Right away, Grandma...	I'll do it right away, Grandma, no problem.	0
Right away, Grandma...	Right away, Grandma, no problem.	0
Right away, Grandma...	Right away, Grandma	1
"Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement ""will be a compromise, like the real world requires."""	"As demand in the real world, the accord ""will be an agreement"" said Mr. Bloomberg to the reporters"	0
Right away, Grandma...	Right away, Grandma, no problem	0
"Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement ""will be a compromise, like the real world requires."""	"As demand in the real world, the agreement ""will be a compromise"" said Mr. Bloomberg to the reporters"	0
Right away, Grandma...	I'll get to it, Grandma...	0
Right away, Grandma...	Right to it, Grandma...	1
"Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement ""will be a compromise, like the real world requires."""	"Mr. Bloomberg later told reporters that the agreement ""will be an understanding, like expected in the real world"""	1
If convicted, Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said.	If declared guilty, Ciabanu could face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said.	0
"Mr Martin said the company is ""cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003""."	"Mr Martin reported that the company is remaining to stay ""cautiously optimistic"" due to the improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003."	1
"Mr Martin said the company is ""cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003""."	"Mr Martin reported that the company is remaining to stay ""cautiously optimistic"" due to the huge improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003."	0
"Mr Martin said the company is ""cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003""."	"Mr Martin reported that the company is remaining to stay ""cautiously optimistic"" due to the improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003."	1
"Mr Martin said the company is ""cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003""."	"Mr Martin reported that the company is committed to staying ""cautiously optimistic"" due to the improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003."	1
"Mr Martin said the company is ""cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003""."	"Mr Martin reported that the company is remaining to stay ""cautiously optimistic"" due to the improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003."	1
"Mr Martin said the company is ""cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003""."	"Mr Martin reported that the company is remaining to stay ""cautiously optimistic"" due to the improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of year 2003."	1
"Mr Martin said the company is ""cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003""."	"Mr Martin reported that the company is remaining to stay ""cautiously optimistic"" due to the increase in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of year 2003."	1
"Mr Martin said the company is ""cautiously optimistic regarding some improvement in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of 2003""."	"Mr Martin reported that the company is remaining to stay ""cautiously optimistic"" due to the increase in sales and operating performance trends in the second half of year 2003."	1
If convicted, Ciobanu could face up to 15 years in prison based on new laws in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Softwin said.	Because of the new law in Romania designed to prosecute cybercrime, Ciobanu, If convicted, could face up to 15 years in prison, said Softwin	1
Where have you been?	Where did you go?	1
Where have you been?	You have been gone, why?	0
Where have you been?	It's dark outside, where have you been?	0
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.	Pratt &Whitney had announced that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.	1
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.	Pratt &Whitney had announced that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe and the final assembly being in Germany.	1
Where have you been?	Your mom has been asking about your whereabouts	0
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.	Pratt &Whitney had announced that 75% of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe and the final assembly being in Germany.	1
Where have you been?	Have you seen your mom since you have been gone?	0
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.	Pratt &Whitney had announced that the final assembly will be in Germany and 75% of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe	1
General Sutherland, sir!	Sir, I am General Sutherland.	1
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.	Pratt &Whitney had announced that the final assembly will be in Germany and 75% of the engine equipment would be outsourced to other European countries.	1
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.	Pratt & Whitney had announced that the final assembly will be in Germany and 75% of the engine equipment would be outsourced to other European countries.	1
Where have you been?	Where have you been hiding?	0
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.	Pratt & Whitney had earlier announced that the final assembly will be in Germany and 75% of the engine equipment would be outsourced to other European countries.	1
Where have you been?	Have you been hiding?	0
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.	Pratt & Whitney had earlier announced that the final assembly will be made in Germany and 75% of the engine equipment would be outsourced to other European countries.	1
Pratt &Whitney had said that 75 per cent of the engine equipment would be outsourced to Europe, with final assembly in Germany.	Pratt & Whitney had earlier announced that the final assembly will be made in the country of Germany and also 75% of the engine equipment would be outsourced to other European countries.	1
Where have you been?	Have you been where you said you were?	0
Where have you been?	Have you been here before?	0
Where have you been?	Where have you visited?	1
The condition is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.	If the symptoms were heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations may be associated with that condition.	0
The condition is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.	Based on the association with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations may be that condition.	0
The condition is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.	Based on the association with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations maybe that condition.	0
The condition is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.	The disease is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.	1
The condition is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.	The disease is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.	1
The condition is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.	The disease is related to heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.	1
The condition is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.	The sickness is related to heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.	1
The condition is associated with heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.	The infirmity is related to heart disease, chronic kidney disease, blindness, and amputations.	1
Come along, Peter.	Come along, Peter	1
Come along, Peter.	Peter, Come along,	1
Come along, Peter.	Peter, Come along	1
Come along, Peter.	Peter, Come along now	1
Come along, Peter.	Peter ignore that and come along now	0
Come along, Peter.	Peter please come along now	1
In March, 67 percent connected through cable, up from 63 percent a year earlier.	67 percent connected through cable, In March, up from 63 percent a year earlier.	1
In March, 67 percent connected through cable, up from 63 percent a year earlier.	67 percent connected through a cable, In March, up from 63 percent a year earlier.	1
When Biggs's body was found, authorities had no leads until four months later, when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party.	, when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party When Biggs's body was found, authorities had no leads until four months later	1
When Biggs's body was found, authorities had no leads until four months later, when a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party.	When a tipster said Mallard talked about the incident at a party When Biggs's body was found, authorities had no leads until four months later	1
They were released to authorities after officers delivered the soda to the gunman, using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door.	They were released to authorities after officers delivered the soda, using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door, to the gunman	1
They were released to authorities after officers delivered the soda to the gunman, using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door.	They were given to officials after police officers delivered the soda, using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door, to the gunman	1
Surprise!	Gotcha!	1
They were released to authorities after officers delivered the soda to the gunman, using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door.	They were given to officials after police officers delivered the soda to them, using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door, to the gunman	0
Surprise!	Gotcha!	1
They were released to authorities after officers delivered the soda to the gunman, using a long stick to pass the six-pack through a door.	They were given to officials after police officers delivered the soda, using a long stick to push the six-pack through a door, to the gunman	1
Legislation can be compliant with provisions of the Decision, but practice might show a different picture.	Legislation can be compliant with provisions of the Decision, but practice might show a different image.	1
Legislation can be compliant with provisions of the Decision, but practice might show a different picture.	Legislation can be compliant with the stipulations of the Decision, but practice might show a different image.	1
Legislation can be compliant with provisions of the Decision, but practice might show a different picture.	Legislation can be complying with the stipulations of the Decision, but practice might show a different image.	1
Legislation can be compliant with provisions of the Decision, but practice might show a different picture.	Legislation can be complying with the stipulations of the Decision, but practice might show a different viewpoint.	1
Legislation can be compliant with provisions of the Decision, but practice might show a different picture.	Legislation can be complying with the stipulations of the Decision, but practice may show a unique viewpoint.	1
The group ambitiously expects to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004.	The group has ambitious plans to issue guidelines by the end of the year and release products by late 2004	1
From the... from the cognac region of France.	I believe it's from the cognac region of France.	0
From the... from the cognac region of France.	It's from the cognac region of France.	1
Can I get my coat back?	Can I have my coat?	1
Can I get my coat back?	Can I retrieve my coat?	1
Can I get my coat back?	Can I have my coat?	1
Can I get my coat back?	Can you give me my coat back?	1
Can I get my coat back?	Can I have my coat back?	1
Can I get my coat back?	Can I have my coat?	1
Damn it!	Shoot!	1
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	Bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping under Mexican law.	1
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	Bounty hunting is considered to be a version of kidnapping under Mexican law.	1
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	Bounty hunting is considered a version of kidnapping under Mexican law.	1
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	Bounty hunting is a version of kidnapping under Mexican law.	1
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	Bounty hunting is considered a version of kidnapping under Mexican law.	1
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	Bounty hunting is considered a type of kidnapping under Mexican law.	1
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	Bounty hunting, under Mexican law, is considered a type of kidnapping.	1
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	Bounty hunting, under Mexican law, is considered a type of kidnapping act.	1
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	Bounty hunting, under Mexican law, is classified as a type of kidnapping act.	1
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	Bounty hunting, under Mexican law, is classified as a type of kidnapping.	1
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	Bounty hunting is classified under Mexican law as a type of kidnapping.	1
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	Did you know that bounty hunting is classified under Mexican law as a type of kidnapping?	1
Under Mexican law, bounty hunting is considered a form of kidnapping.	Did you know that bounty hunting is classified under Mexican law as a type of kidnapping act?	1
PT's 36 and the rest are off the wall.	All are of the wall except the PT's 36.	1
What are you looking at?	You looking at me?	0
What are you looking at?	What are you gazing your eyes upon?	1
What are you looking at?	What are you gazing your eyesight upon?	1
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.	The way the public and the doctors check for melanomas will change due to research.	1
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.	The way the public and the doctors look for melanomas will change due to research.	1
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.	The way the public and the doctors examine for melanomas will change due to research.	1
The rats that consumed the tomato powder had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death than the control rats, researchers found.	According to the researchers found, tomato powder had a 26 percent lower risk of prostate cancer death in rats that consumed it than the control rats	1
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.	The way the public and the doctors search for melanomas will change due to research.	1
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.	The way the public and the doctors check for melanomas will be different due to research.	1
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.	The way the public and the doctors check for melanomas will be changed due to research.	1
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.	The way the public and the doctors check for melanomas will change due to research.	1
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.	The way the public and the doctors check for melanomas will change due to new research.	1
The research is set to change how the public and doctors check for melanomas.	The way the public and the doctors check for melanomas will change due to research.	1
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.	Even though Mr. Qurei is very much respected and has a impressive history of negotiating with the Israelis, a  warm welcome should not be expected.	1
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.	Even though Mr. Qurei is respected a great deal and has a impressive history of negotiating with the Israelis, a  warm welcome should not be expected.	1
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.	Mr. Qurei is respected a great deal and has a impressive history of negotiating with the Israelis, but a warm welcome should not be expected.	1
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.	Although Mr. Qurei is respected by a great amount and has a impressive history of negotiating with the Israelis, a warm welcome should not be expected.	1
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.	Although Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a impressive history of negotiating with the Israelis, a warm welcome should not be expected.	1
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.	Although Mr. Qurei is very respected and has a impressive history of negotiating with the Israelis, a warm welcome should not be expected.	1
While Mr. Qurei is widely respected and has a long history of negotiating with the Israelis, he cannot expect such a warm welcome.	Although Mr. Qurei is shown a lot of respect and has a impressive history of negotiating with the Israelis, a warm welcome should not be expected.	1
Jubal needed the extra day to plan tactics.	To plan tactics Jubal needed an extra day.	1
Jubal needed the extra day to plan tactics.	To plan tactics, Jubal needed an extra day.	1
Jubal needed the extra day to plan tactics.	To plan the appropriate tactics Jubal needed an extra day.	0
Jubal needed the extra day to plan tactics.	To successfully plan the tactics Jubal needed an extra day.	0
Jubal needed the extra day to plan tactics.	To plan the tactics Jubal needed to set out for an extra day.	0
Jubal needed the extra day to plan tactics.	To plan the tactics, a extra day was needed from Jubal.	1
In Washington, the federal government remained closed for a second day.	The federal government in Washington remained closed for a second day.	1
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	A woman passed away on Tuesday night, she was the seventh victim in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	1
In Washington, the federal government remained closed for a second day.	The federal government in Washington remained closed for a second consecutive day.	1
But the singer says artists like himself are not the ones to blame.	However, the singer believes that artists like himself should not be to blame.	1
In Washington, the federal government remained closed for a second day.	The federal government in Washington was closed for a second consecutive day.	1
But the singer says artists like himself are not the ones to blame.	However, the singer believes that artists like himself should not be subject of the blame.	1
In Washington, the federal government remained closed for a second day.	The federal government in Washington was closed for a second day running.	1
A seventh victim, a woman, died Tuesday night in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	A woman passed away on Tuesday night she was the seventh victim in the burn unit at childrens Hospital Medical Center of Akron.	1
But the singer says artists like himself are not the ones to blame.	However, the singer believes that artists like himself should not receive any blame.	1
But the singer says artists like himself are not the ones to blame.	However, the singer believes that artists similar to himself should not receive any blame.	1
But the singer says artists like himself are not the ones to blame.	However, the singer believes that artists similar to hisself should not receive any blame.	1
But the singer says artists like himself are not the ones to blame.	However, the singer believes that artists similar to his self should not receive any blame.	1
But the singer says artists like himself are not the ones to blame.	However, the singer believes that artists similar to himself should not receive any blame.	1
But the singer says artists like himself are not the ones to blame.	However, the singer believes that artists similar to his self should not receive any blame.	1
Because we are brothers	because we are silings	0
Because we are brothers	because we are siblings	0
But the singer says artists like himself are not the ones to blame.	However, the singer believes that artists similar to him should not receive any blame.	1
Because we are brothers	because we are siblings	0
Because we are brothers	because we are related	0
But the singer says artists like himself are not the ones to blame.	However, the singer said that artists similar to him should not receive any blame.	1
Because we are brothers	because we are from the same mother	0
Because we are brothers	as we are from the same mother	0
Because we are brothers	we r=are brothers, thats why!	1
Because we are brothers	we are brothers, thats why!	1
Never!	Never ever!	1
Never!	No, never ever!	1
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.	Toys that were considered stealing market share: LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line, he said.	1
Never!	No, never again!	1
Never!	No, not again!	1
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.	Toys that were considered stealing market share: LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line, he listed.	1
Never!	No way, not again!	1
Never!	No way, not again	1
Jesus Christ.	Jesus H Christ.	1
Jesus Christ.	O my god, Jesus H Christ.	0
Jesus Christ.	O my god!	0
Jesus Christ.	Jesus H Christ.	1
Another $100-million in savings will come from management layoffs and pay cuts.	Management layoffs and pay cuts will add another $100-million to the savings.	1
Another $100-million in savings will come from management layoffs and pay cuts.	Management layoffs and pay cuts will add another $100-million to the savings account.	1
Leave the boy, Elston.	Elston ignore the boy, .	1
Another $100-million in savings will come from management layoffs and pay cuts.	Management layoffs and pay cuts will most likely add another $100-million to the savings account.	1
Leave the boy, Elston.	Elston ignore the boy.	1
Leave the boy, Elston.	Elston, ignore the boy.	1
Another $100-million in savings will come from management layoffs and pay cuts.	Management layoffs and pay cuts will definitely add another $100-million to the savings account.	1
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.	Toys that were considered in high demand currently: LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line, he listed.	0
Another $100-million in savings will come from management layoffs and pay cuts.	Management layoffs and pay cuts will definitely add another $100-million dollars to the savings account.	1
Another $100-million in savings will come from management layoffs and pay cuts.	Management layoffs and pay cuts will definitely add another $100-million to the savings account.	1
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.	Toys that are in high demand currently: LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line, he listed.	0
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.	Toys that are in high demand: LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line, he listed.	0
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.	He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that are in high demand currently.	0
Oh, you've heard about him, eh? Yes.	So you have an idea of who he is, yes?	0
Oh, you've heard about him, eh? Yes.	So you have heard about who he is, yes?	1
Oh, you've heard about him, eh? Yes.	So you have heard about who he is, huh?	1
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.	He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that are gain the market currently.	0
Oh, you've heard about him, eh? Yes.	Oh so you have heard about who he is, yes?	1
Oh, you've heard about him, eh? Yes.	So you have heard about who he is, yes?	1
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.	He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that are taking a big piece of the market.	1
He listed LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line as toys that were stealing market share.	Toys that are taking a big piece of the market: LeapFrog Enterprises' LF.N LeapPad books, Hasbro Inc.'s HAS.N Beyblade starter set, and MGA Entertainment's Bratz doll line, He listed.	1
"""We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures."	The a lot of work we got to do it is not in [designing new] instruction set architectures	1
"""We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures."	The great amount of work we got to do is not in [designing new] instruction set architectures	1
"""We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures."	The a lot of work we have to do is not in [designing new] instruction set architectures	1
Well, I'm not sure.	To be frank, I don't know.	1
"""We have an incredible amount of work to do, but it's not in [designing new] instruction set architectures."	The a lot of work we have to do is not in [create new design] instruction set architectures	1
Well, I'm not sure.	To be honest, I don't know.	1
Well, I'm not sure.	To be truthful, I don't know.	1
Well, I'm not sure.	To be frank, I am confused.	1
Well, I'm not sure.	To be frank, I don't know.	1
Well, I'm not sure.	To be frank, I am confused.	1
Given those circumstances, who wouldn't be feeling a little fatalistic?'	How not to feel a little fatalistic in that given circumstances?	0
Shame!	Disgusting!	1
Given those circumstances, who wouldn't be feeling a little fatalistic?'	How do you not feel a little fatalistic in those given circumstances?	1
Shame!	Scandalous!	1
Shame!	Shameful!	1
Shame!	Horrendous!	1
Shame!	Tragic!	1
Shame!	Horrendous!	1
North America, Mexico	Mexico is under North America.	0
The suspected militants ambushed the convoy Saturday near the town of Spinboldak, said U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforge.	According to the  U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforge those who ambushed the convoy Saturday near the town of Spinboldak are suspected militants.	1
Let me make you one.	I can create you one.	1
The suspected militants ambushed the convoy Saturday near the town of Spinboldak, said U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforge.	According to the  U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforgewho ambushed the convoy Saturday near the town of Spinboldak are suspected militants.	1
Let me make you one.	I can create you one if you want	1
Let me make you one.	I can create you one if you want.	1
The suspected militants ambushed the convoy Saturday near the town of Spinboldak, said U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforge.	According to the  U.S. military spokesman Lt. Col. Douglas Lefforgewho traped the convoy Saturday near the town of Spinboldak are suspected militants.	0
Let me make you one.	I can create you one if you want	1
Government workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower frantically dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled staircases and hallways, officials said.	Official said that Government workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower in a panic-stricken dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled staircases and hallways	1
Government workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower frantically dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled staircases and hallways, officials said.	Officials said that Government workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower in a panic-stricken dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled staircases and hallways	1
Government workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower frantically dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled staircases and hallways, officials said.	Official said that the Government workers trapped in a burning downtown office tower in a panic-stricken dialed 911 as they tried to make their way through smoke-filled staircases and hallways	1
"Where are they anywhere in this wretched land?"""	Where, in this god forsaken land, are they anywhere in this ?	1
"Where are they anywhere in this wretched land?"""	Where, in this god forsaken land, are they?	1
Judge gave him 10 years because we didn't recover all of the city's money.	We didn't recover all of the city's money and because of that the Judge gave him 10 years	1
Judge gave him 10 years because we didn't recover all of the city's money.	We didn't recover all the money of the city and because of that the Judge gave him 10 years	1
Judge gave him 10 years because we didn't recover all of the city's money.	We didn't recover all of the money of the city and because of that the Judge gave him 10 years	1
Judge gave him 10 years because we didn't recover all of the city's money.	We didn't recover all of the money of the city and because of that the Judge gave him only 10 years	1
In 1999, NIST found, the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.	In 1999, NIST found, the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 increasing to 1/2 inches.	1
In 1999, NIST found, the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.	In 1999, NIST found, the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 to 1/2 inches.	1
In 1999, NIST found, the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 1 1/2 inches.	In 1999, NIST found, the Port Authority issued guidelines to upgrade the fireproofing to a thickness of 0,5 inches.	0
The voice was a soft, mellifluous baritone.	The voice was a soft and calm baritone	1
The voice was a soft, mellifluous baritone.	The voice was a soft and sweet baritone	1
The voice was a soft, mellifluous baritone.	The voice was a soft, calm baritone	1
Right.	Take right	1
Right.	Take the right	1
Right.	Take the right turn	1
My secreis I take 'em out of the freezer.	My secreis I take 'em out of the cold wether	1
Hey, thanks for coming out, Darla.	Hey Darla, thanks for coming out,	1
Hey, thanks for coming out, Darla.	Hey Darla, thanks for coming out!	1
Hey, thanks for coming out, Darla.	Hey Darla, thanks a lot for coming out!	0
Hey, thanks for coming out, Darla.	Hey Darla, thank you for coming out!	1
Hey, thanks for coming out, Darla.	Hey Darla, thank you for coming out!	1
Hey, thanks for coming out, Darla.	Hey Darla, thank you for coming out	1
Hey, thanks for coming out, Darla.	Hey Darla, thank you for coming out.	1
"""We had nothing to do with @Stake's internal personnel decision,"" Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said."	"""Were not our blame that @Stake's internal personnel decision"" Microsoft spokesman Sean Sundwell said."	1
I lost my feed, Ben.	I have not desire to eat anymore, Ben.	0
I lost my feed, Ben.	I have not desire to eat anymore, Ben.	0
I lost my feed, Ben.	I lost my desire to eat, Ben.	1
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The Illinois Supreme Court understands that there is no need for a trial	0
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The Illinois Supreme Court close the case.	1
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The Illinois Supreme Court closes the case.	0
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The Illinois Supreme Court close the case with no charges.	0
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The Illinois Supreme Court close the case with no charge.	0
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The Illinois Supreme Court close the case.	1
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The case was close by the Illinois Supreme Court	0
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The case was dismissed by the Illinois Supreme Court	1
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The case were dismissed by the Illinois Supreme Court	1
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The Illinois Supreme Court doesn't found him guilty	0
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The Illinois Supreme Court doesn't found him guilty and so the case were dismissed	0
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The Illinois Supreme Court doesn't found him guilty and so the case was dismissed	0
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the trial.	0
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the trial of that case.	0
The Illinois Supreme Court dismissed the case.	The trial of that case was dismissed by The Illinois Supreme Court.	1
'I couldn't decide which size was best,' Kevin said.	Kevin said 'I couldn't determine which size was best'	1
'I couldn't decide which size was best,' Kevin said.	Kevin said 'I couldn't choose which size was best'	1
'I couldn't decide which size was best,' Kevin said.	Kevin said 'I couldn't decide which one to pick'	0
'I couldn't decide which size was best,' Kevin said.	Kevin said 'I couldn't decide which one of the size was best'	1
'I couldn't decide which size was best,' Kevin said.	He said 'I couldn't decide which one of the size was best'	0
'I couldn't decide which size was best,' Kevin said.	'I couldn't decide which size was best,' He said.	0
'I couldn't decide which size was best,' Kevin said.	Based on what Kevin said he couldn't decide which size was best	1
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.	A large amount of 120 potential jurors  were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.	1
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.	A large amount of 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.	1
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.	To complete a lengthy questionnaire, About 120 potential jurors were being asked.	1
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.	To complete a lengthy questionnaire, about 120 potential jurors were being asked.	1
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.	They asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire, about 120 potential jurors	1
About 120 potential jurors were being asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire.	They asked to complete a lengthy questionnaire, about 120 potential jurymen	1
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	Dayton said The transition is will begin happen no later than June 7	1
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	Dayton said The transition is will begin to happen no later than June 7	1
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	Dayton said that the transition is will begin to happen no later than June 7	1
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	Dayton said the transition is will happen no later than June 7	1
The transition is slated to begin no later than June 7, Dayton said.	Dayton said the transition is pretended to happen no later than June 7	1
What's she doing in a boys' school?	Why she went to a boys' school?	1
Tell them there isn't a moment to lose!	He said that this is not a moment them to lose	1
Tell them there isn't a moment to lose!	He said that this is not a moment for them to lose	1
Tell them there isn't a moment to lose!	He said that this is not a moment for them to lose	1
And my husband and my family and making a perfect home.	To make a perfect home I need my husband and my family	1
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.	nature medicine a scientific journal had the findings published online on June 1	1
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.	nature medicine a scientific journal had the final results published online on June 1	1
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.	nature medicine a journal had the final results published online on June 1	1
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.	nature medicine a journal had the final results published  on June 1	0
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.	nature medicine a journal had the final results published online on June 1	1
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.	nature medicine a journal had the final results published in the internet on June 1	1
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.	nature medicine a journal had the final results published in the internet on first of june	1
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.	nature medicine a journal had the results published in the internet on first of June	1
The findings were reported online in the June 1 edition of scientific journal Nature Medicine.	nature medicine a journal had the discovery published in the internet on first of June	1
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	one of the huge uprising of the centaury happened against the brutal killing of democratic activist in tiananmen square in beijing in 1989	0
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	one of the huge uprising happened against the brutal killing of democratic activist in tiananmen square in beijing in 1989	0
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	the huge uprising happened against the brutal killing of democratic activist in tiananmen square in beijing in 1989	0
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	the greatest uprising happened against the brutal killing of democratic activist in tiananmen square in beijing in 1989	0
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	the greatest protest happened against the brutal killing of democratic activist in tiananmen square in beijing in 1989	0
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	It was the greatest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	1
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	It was the greatest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy leaders occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	0
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	It was the greatest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy followers occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	1
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	It was the greatest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy followers staying in Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	1
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	It was the greatest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy followers staying in Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	1
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	It was the greatest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in anger over the massacre of democracy followers staying in Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	1
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	It was the greatest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in anger over the brutal slaughter of democracy followers staying in Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	1
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	It was the greatest protest since lakhs marched in anger over the brutal slaughter of democracy followers staying in Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	0
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	It was the greatest protest since 100000s marched in anger over the brutal slaughter of democracy followers staying in Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	1
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	It was the greatest protest since 100000s marched in anger over the brutal slaughter of democracy followers staying in Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	1
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	It was the biggest protest since 100000s marched in anger over the brutal slaughter of democracy followers staying in Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	1
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	It was the biggest dissent since 100000s marched in anger over the brutal slaughter of democracy followers staying in Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	1
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	It was the biggest dissent because 100000s marched in anger over the brutal slaughter of democracy followers staying in Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	1
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	It was the biggest dissent because millions marched in anger over the brutal slaughter of democracy followers staying in Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	0
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	It was the biggest dissent because huge crowd marched in anger over the brutal slaughter of democracy followers staying in Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	1
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	It was the biggest dissent because huge crowd marched in anguish over the brutal slaughter of democracy followers staying in Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	1
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	It was the greatest dissent because huge crowd marched in anguish over the brutal slaughter of democracy followers staying in Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	1
It was the biggest protest since hundreds of thousands marched in outrage over the massacre of democracy activists occupying Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	It was the greatest dissent because huge crowd marched in anguish over the brutal slaughter of democracy reformers staying in Tiananmen Square in Beijing in 1989.	1
Just a little spilt milk.	a milk puddle	0
Just a little spilt milk.	a spill of milk	1
So we got a blast zone of weird, and inside, fantasy becomes reality.	we got a area of uncanny and secret fantasy become reality	1
So we got a blast zone of weird, and inside, fantasy becomes reality.	we got a area of uncanny and secret imagination become reality	1
So we got a blast zone of weird, and inside, fantasy becomes reality.	we got a area of uncanny and secret imagination becoming reality	1
So we got a blast zone of weird, and inside, fantasy becomes reality.	we got an area of uncanny and secret imagination becoming reality	0
So we got a blast zone of weird, and inside, fantasy becomes reality.	we got a area of uncanny and secret imagination becoming reality	1
No. What for?	nah for what	1
No. What for?	nope for what	1
No. What for?	nah for what	1
we should have another.	we must have another	1
we should have another.	we must have one more	1
we should have another.	must have one more	1
we should have another.	must do one more	1
So how about following my girlfriend?	can we follow my girlfriend	1
So how about following my girlfriend?	can we stalk my girlfriend	1
So how about following my girlfriend?	can we stalk  girlfriend	1
I promise that it won't kill you.	it will not kill you i can assure you that	1
I promise that it won't kill you.	it will not end your life you i can assure you that	1
I promise that it won't kill you.	it will not end your life you  can assure you that	1
I promise that it won't kill you.	it will not end your life you  can assure that	1
I promise that it won't kill you.	will not end your life you  can assure that	1
Take cover.	shelter yourself	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	prime minister of canada is of the opinion that they will not send more troops to afghanistan until the current mission is over	0
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	prime minister of canada Jean chretien is of the opinion that they will not send more troops to afghanistan until the current mission is over	0
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	prime minister of canada Jean chretien is of the opinion that they will not send more troops to afghanistan until the current mission is over	0
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	prime minister of canada Jean chretien is of the opinion that they will not send more troops to afghanistan until the current yearl long mission is over	0
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	Yesterday prime minister of canada Jean chretien is of the opinion that they will not send more troops to afghanistan until the current yearl long mission is over	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	day before today prime minister of canada Jean chretien is of the opinion that they will not send more troops to afghanistan until the current yearl long mission is over	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	day before today prime minister of canada  is of the opinion that they will not send more troops to afghanistan until the current yearl long mission is over	0
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	day before today prime minister of canada Jean chretien is of the opinion that they will not send more troops to afghanistan until the current year long mission is over	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	day before today prime minister of Canada Jean chretien is of the opinion that they will not send more troops to Afghanistan until the current year long mission is over	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	day before today prime minister of Canada Jean chretien is of the opinion that they will not send more troops to Afghanistan until the ongoing year long mission is over	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	day before today prime minister of Canada Jean chretien is of the opinion that they will not send more troops to Afghanistan until the ongoing yearly mission is over	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	day before today prime minister of Canada Jean chretien is of the opinion that they will not send additional troops to Afghanistan until the ongoing yearly mission is over	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	day before today prime minister of Canada Jean chretien told that they will not send additional troops to Afghanistan until the ongoing yearly mission is over	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	day before today prime minister of Canada Jean chretien is of the opinion that they will not send additional troops to Afghanistan until the ongoing yearly mission ends	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	day before today prime minister of Canada Jean chretien is of the opinion that they will not send additional manpower to Afghanistan until the ongoing yearly mission ends	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	day before today prime minister of Canada Jean chretien is of the opinion that they will not send additional army to Afghanistan until the ongoing yearly mission ends	1
Canada won't commit more troops to Afghanistan until the current year-long mission is complete, Prime Minister Jean Chretien said yesterday.	day before today prime minister of Canada Jean chretien is of the opinion that they will not send additional army to Afghanistan till the ongoing yearly mission ends	1
Keyboard	input device	0
Keyboard	piano	0
Keyboard	computer aide	0
"The report by the Justice Department's inspector general found ""significant problems"" in the government's handling of foreigners who were jailed under blanket edicts adopted by the department after the attacks."	Significant problems were encountered by the Justice Department's inspector general in the way the government deals with foreigners arrested under general decrees adopted by the department after the attacks.	1
Keyboard	board with key	1
No, why?	negative, whats the reason?	1
I promise.	I give you my word.	1
I promise.	I swear.	1
I promise.	swear to you	0
I promise.	give my word	1
I promise.	I give you my word.	1
I promise.	give you my word.	1
I promise.	sware	0
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	Processors were shown in San jose at intel developers forum	0
I promise.	I vow	1
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	Processors were made know to people in San jose at intel developers forum	1
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	Processors were made know to people in San jose at intel  forum	0
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	Processors were made know to people in San jose at intel platform for developers	0
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	Processors were made know to people in San jose at intel forum for developers	1
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	Processors were made know to people in San jose at intel developers forum	1
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	Processors were made know to people in San jose at intel forum for developers	1
I promise.	my word is my bond	0
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	Processors were unveiled  to people in San jose at intel forum for developers	1
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	Processors were made know to people in San jose at intel forum for developers	1
I promise.	give you my word	1
I promise.	i give you my word	1
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	chipsets were made know to people in San jose at intel forum for developers	1
I promise.	give you my word	1
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	intel chipsets were made know to people in San jose at intel forum for developers	1
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	intel chipsets were unveild in San jose at intel forum for developers	1
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	intel chipsets were unveiled in San jose at intel forum for developers	1
For our date, remember?	do you remember we have a date?	1
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	intel chipsets were made known to people in San jose at intel forum for developers	1
For our date, remember?	do you remember we have our date?	1
For our date, remember?	remember we have our date?	1
The processors were announced in San Jose at the Intel Developer Forum.	intel chipsets were made known to people in San jose at intel forum for developers	1
For our date, remember?	do you remember our date?	1
For our date, remember?	do you remember we have a date?	1
For our date, remember?	do you remember we have our date?	1
For our date, remember?	do you remember? it is for our date	1
"Prince is replacing Sanford ""Sandy"" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman."	"prince is annunced as the succesor of Sanford ""Sandy"" Weill he will be the chairman of citigroup"	1
"Prince is replacing Sanford ""Sandy"" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman."	"prince is announced as the successor of Sanford ""Sandy"" Weill he will be the chairman of citigroup"	1
"Prince is replacing Sanford ""Sandy"" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman."	"prince is announced as the succesor of Sanford ""Sandy"" Weill he will be the chairman of citigroup"	1
"Prince is replacing Sanford ""Sandy"" Weill, who will remain Citigroup's chairman."	"prince is annunced as the succesor of Sanford ""Sandy"" Weill he will be the chairman of citigroup"	1
For our date, remember?	do you remember we have our date?	1
Power5, like Power4, includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon.	one piece of silicon in power5 and power4 have two processros	0
Thanks, baby.	thank you, honey.	1
Power5, like Power4, includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon.	one piece of silicon in power5 and power4 have two processors	1
Thanks, baby.	i apreciate it honey	0
Power5, like Power4, includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon.	one  silicon in power5 and power4 have two processors	1
Thanks, baby.	i appreciate it honey	1
Power5, like Power4, includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon.	one silicon in power5 and power4 have two processors cores	1
Thanks, baby.	i appreciate it, honey	1
Thanks, baby.	i appreciate it honey	1
Power5, like Power4, includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon.	one silicon in power5 and power4 have two processors	1
Power5, like Power4, includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon.	one silicon in power5 and power4 have dual processors	1
Power5, like Power4, includes two processor cores in a single slice of silicon.	one silicon in power5 and power4 have bi processors	1
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Lucent Technologies, a telecommunications equipment manufacturer, may have violated US bribery laws in its Saudi Arabia operations and is being investigated for this.	0
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	potential buyers are intereted only in attractive assets	0
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	potential buyers are interested only in attractive assets	0
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Lucent Technologies is a telecommunications equipment manufacturer who may have violated US bribery laws in its Saudi Arabia operations and is being investigated for this.	0
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	potential buyers are interested in picking only attractive assets	0
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	potential buyers are interested in picking only most attractive assets	0
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	potential buyers are interested only in picking most attractive assets	0
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	potential buyers are interested only in picking most attractive assets	0
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	potential buyers are interested only in nit picking most attractive assets	0
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	potential buyers are interested only in nit picking most attractive assets	0
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Lucent Technologies is a telecommunications equipment manufacturer is investigated for violate US bribery laws in its Saudi Arabia operations.	0
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	all other potential buyers are interested only in nit picking most attractive assets	0
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Lucent Technologies is a telecommunications equipment manufacturer and it's investigated for violate US bribery laws in its Saudi Arabia operations.	0
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	most other potential buyers are interested only in nit picking most attractive assets	1
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	most other potential buyers are interested only after most attractive assets	1
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	most other potential investors are interested only after most attractive assets	1
Most other potential buyers are interested only in cherry-picking the most attractive assets.	most other potential investors are interested only after most attractive investments	1
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Two federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible U.S. bribery laws violations in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	1
"It's supposed to say ""Tobias's Queen Mary."""	"it meant to be read ""Tobias's Queen Mary."""	1
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Some federal agencies are investigating telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible U.S. bribery laws violations in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	0
"It's supposed to say ""Tobias's Queen Mary."""	"meant to be read ""Tobias's Queen Mary."""	1
"It's supposed to say ""Tobias's Queen Mary."""	"meant to be ""Tobias's Queen Mary."""	1
"It's supposed to say ""Tobias's Queen Mary."""	"meant to be read ""Tobias's Queen Mary."""	1
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Two federal agencies are looking into telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for possible U.S. bribery laws violations in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	1
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Two federal agencies are looking into telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for potencial U.S. bribery laws violations in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	1
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Two federal agencies are looking into telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for potencial U.S. bribery laws breaks in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	1
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Two federal agencies are looking into telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for potencial U.S. bribery constitutional breaks in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	1
Welcome aboard, Mr. Broussant.	you are now part of this team Mr. Broussant	0
Welcome aboard, Mr. Broussant.	welcome Mr. Broussant	1
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Two federal agencies are looking into telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for potencial U.S. bribe constitutional breaks in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	1
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Two federal agencies are looking into telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for potencial U.S. bribe constitutional cracks in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	1
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Two federal agencies are looking into telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for potencial U.S. bribe constitutional cracks in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	1
Welcome aboard, Mr. Broussant.	come right in Mr. Broussant	1
Telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies is being investigated by two federal agencies for possible violations of U.S. bribery laws in its operations in Saudi Arabia.	Two federal agencies are looking into telecommunications gear maker Lucent Technologies for potencial U.S. bribe constitutional cracks in its Saudi Arabia activitys.	1
In recent years, he served on the faculty of the Manhattan School of Music.	recently he worked with manhattan school of music	0
In recent years, he served on the faculty of the Manhattan School of Music.	recently he worked with manhattan school of music as a teacher	1
Similar bills passed the House twice but died in the Senate.	Projects like this were accepted in the House twice but rejected in the Senate.	1
In recent years, he served on the faculty of the Manhattan School of Music.	recently he worked as teacher in manhattan school of music	1
In recent years, he served on the faculty of the Manhattan School of Music.	last few years he worked as teacher in manhattan school of music	1
In recent years, he served on the faculty of the Manhattan School of Music.	past few years he worked as teacher in manhattan school of music	1
Smile.	put on a happy face	1
In recent years, he served on the faculty of the Manhattan School of Music.	last few years he worked as teacher in manhattan school	0
In recent years, he served on the faculty of the Manhattan School of Music.	last few years he worked as a teacher in manhattan school of music	1
You gave me everything.	everything was given to me by you	1
In recent years, he served on the faculty of the Manhattan School of Music.	last few years he worked as  teacher in manhattan school of music	1
Yes.	yeah	1
Yes.	yep	1
Yes.	s	1
That's whyyou think I'm here?	so you think i am here for that	1
Two sugars.	two cubes	0
Two sugars.	two lumps of sugar	1
Two sugars.	two cubes of sugar	0
Two sugars.	two spoons of sugar	0
Two sugars.	two spoons of sugar	0
Two sugars.	two lumps of sugar	1
Two sugars.	few lumps of sugar	0
Two sugars.	dual lumps of sugar	1
Are you staying there overnight?	will you be there till tommorow	0
Are you staying there overnight?	will you be there for the night	1
Are you staying there overnight?	will you be staying for the night	1
"In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges ""baseless and illogical""."	Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan, at Damascus, termed the allegation unjustifiable and whit no logics behind it	0
"In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges ""baseless and illogical""."	Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan, in Damascus, termed the allegation unjustifiable and whit no logics behind it	0
"In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges ""baseless and illogical""."	Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan, in Damascus, termed the charges unjustifiable and whit no logics behind it	0
"In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges ""baseless and illogical""."	Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan, in Damascus, termed the charges unjustifiable and whit no logics	0
"In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges ""baseless and illogical""."	"Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan, in Damascus, termed the charges  ""baseless and illogical"""	0
"In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges ""baseless and illogical""."	"The Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan, in Damascus, termed the charges  ""baseless and illogical"""	1
"In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges ""baseless and illogical""."	"The Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan, in Damascus, termed the allegations  ""baseless and illogical"""	1
Are you staying there overnight?	will you be staying for the night	1
Are you staying there overnight?	will you be staying there for the night	1
"In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges ""baseless and illogical""."	The Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan, in Damascus, termed the allegations  gratuituous and with no logic	1
Are you staying there overnight?	will spend the night there	0
"In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges ""baseless and illogical""."	The Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan, in Damascus, termed the allegations  gratuituous and with no logic behind	1
Are you staying there overnight?	will you spend the night there	1
"In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges ""baseless and illogical""."	The Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan, in Damascus, termed the allegations  gratuituous and false	1
"In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges ""baseless and illogical""."	The Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan, in Damascus, termed the charges gratuituous and false	1
"In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges ""baseless and illogical""."	The Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan, in Damascus, termed the charges gratuituous and with no logic behind	1
Are you staying there overnight?	are you there for sleepover	0
"In Damascus, Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan called the charges ""baseless and illogical""."	The Syrian Information Minister Ahmad al-Hassan, in Damascus, termed the charges without base and with no logic behind	1
Are you staying there overnight?	are you going to stay the night	1
'Did you know her?'	you know her?	1
'Did you know her?'	have you met her before	1
'Did you know her?'	have you seen her before	0
'Did you know her?'	have you met her before	1
Croatia	country croatia	1
Croatia	country name croatia	1
Croatia	country name is croatia	1
Croatia	country's name is croatia	1
And we're gonna win big.	we will be the big winners	1
And we're gonna win big.	we will be the big winners	1
And we're gonna win big.	we are going to be the big winners	1
She said in 2003, not one U.S. state had an obesity rate below 15 percent.	in 2003 she said all states in us haas obesity rate above 15%	1
She said in 2003, not one U.S. state had an obesity rate below 15 percent.	in 2003 she said all states in us has obesity rate above 15%	1
She said in 2003, not one U.S. state had an obesity rate below 15 percent.	in 2003 she said all states in us haas obesity rate above 15%	1
And we're gonna win big.	than we will be the big winners	1
They'll bang on the television, but they won't be able to fix it!	they will hit the telivision but will not be able to fix it	1
They'll bang on the television, but they won't be able to fix it!	they will hit the television but will not be able to fix it	1
They'll bang on the television, but they won't be able to fix it!	they will hit the teleivision but will not be able to fix it	1
They'll bang on the television, but they won't be able to fix it!	hit the teleivision but will not be able to fix it	1
I would like to congratulate Russia on the successful World Climate Change Conference last week.	congratulations to russia for conducting a successfull world climate change conference last week	1
I would like to congratulate Russia on the successful World Climate Change Conference last week.	warm regards to russia for conducting a successfull world climate change conference last week	1
I would like to congratulate Russia on the successful World Climate Change Conference last week.	warm regards to russia for conducting a successful world climate change conference last week	1
I would like to congratulate Russia on the successful World Climate Change Conference last week.	warm regards to russia for conducting a successfull world climate change conference last week	1
"It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground,"" NASA spokesman Robert Navias said."	NASA's Robert Navias spoken: It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground	1
"It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground,"" NASA spokesman Robert Navias said."	"NASA's Robert Navias spoken: ""It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground"""	1
I would like to congratulate Russia on the successful World Climate Change Conference last week.	warm regards to russia for organising a successfull world climate change conference last week	1
Oh.	yuk	0
"It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground,"" NASA spokesman Robert Navias said."	"NASA's Robert Navias spoken: ""It's almost as if Russians hit an x-mark on the ground"""	1
Oh.	alas	1
"It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground,"" NASA spokesman Robert Navias said."	"NASA's Robert Navias spoken: ""It's almost like as if Russians hit an x-mark on the ground"""	1
Oh.	alas no	0
"It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground,"" NASA spokesman Robert Navias said."	"NASA's Robert Navias spoken: ""It's like as if Russians hit an x-mark on the ground"""	1
Oh.	oh no	0
Oh.	oh crap	1
"It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground,"" NASA spokesman Robert Navias said."	"NASA's Robert Navias spoken: ""It's like if Russians hit an x-mark on the ground"""	1
Oh.	alas	1
"It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground,"" NASA spokesman Robert Navias said."	"NASA's Robert Navias spoken: ""It's like as Russians hit an x-mark on the ground"""	1
Oh.	gee	0
Oh.	alas	1
"It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground,"" NASA spokesman Robert Navias said."	"NASA's Robert Navias spoken: ""It's like as Russians hitted an target on the ground"""	1
How much?	what is the rate	0
"It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground,"" NASA spokesman Robert Navias said."	"NASA's Robert Navias spoken: ""It's like as Russians hitted an target in the field"""	1
How much?	for how much	1
"It's almost as if they (Russians) hit an x-mark on the ground,"" NASA spokesman Robert Navias said."	"NASA's Robert Navias spoken: ""It's like as Russians hitted an ground's target"""	1
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	In the middle of 2021 trans fats will be stripped from Unilever Bestfoods I Can't Believe It's Not Butter	0
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	In the middle of the next year trans fats will be stripped from Unilever Bestfoods I Can't Believe It's Not Butter	0
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	In the middle of the next year trans fats will be stripped from Unilever's I Can't Believe It's Not Butter	0
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	In the middle of the next year, trans fats will be stripped from Unilever's I Can't Believe It's Not Butter	0
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	By the middle of the next year, trans fats will be stripped from Unilever's I Can't Believe It's Not Butter	0
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	By the middle of the next year, trans fats will be striped out from Unilever's I Can't Believe It's Not Butter	0
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	Trans fats will be striped out from Unilever's I Can't Believe It's Not Butter	0
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	Trans fats will be striped out from Unilever's I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year	0
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	Trans fats will be removed from Unilever Bestfoods I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year	0
Unilever Bestfoods said Wednesday it would strip trans fats from its I Can't Believe It's Not Butter spreads by the middle of next year.	Trans fats will be removed from Unilever Bestfoods  spreads I Can't Believe It's Not Butter by the middle of next year	0
Unemployment across the state fell a half of a percentage point last month to 6.1 percent from August's mark of 6.6 percent.	Unemployment across the state fell 0,5% last month to 6.1 percent from August's mark of 6.6 percent.	1
The FCC said existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.	According to FCC televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain working under the new broadcast flag system.	1
The FCC said existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.	According to FCC equipments like tv's, VCRs, DVD players would remain working under the new broadcast flag system.	1
The FCC said existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.	According to FCC equipments like tv's, VCRs, DVD players would still working under the new broadcast flag system.	1
The FCC said existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.	According to FCC equipments like tv's, VCRs, DVD players would still work under the new broadcast flag system.	1
The FCC said existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.	According to FCC equipments like tv's, VCRs, DVD players would still working even with the new broadcast flag system.	1
The FCC said existing televisions, VCRs, DVD players and related equipment would remain fully functional under the new broadcast flag system.	According to FCC equipments like tv's, VCRs, DVD players would still working even with the new broadcast flag system.	1
If he does, we'll be there for you.	we will help you if he does it.	1
If he does, we'll be there for you.	we will help you if it happens	1
If he does, we'll be there for you.	we will be there if it happens	1
If he does, we'll be there for you.	we will be there, if it happens	1
If he does, we'll be there for you.	We will be there, if it happens.	1
If he does, we'll be there for you.	We will be there, if it happens	1
The percentage of Americans without health coverage rose from 14.6 to 15.2.	fourteen point six to fifteen point two, it was percentage of Americans without health coverage	1
The percentage of Americans without health coverage rose from 14.6 to 15.2.	fourteen point six to fifteen point two, it was percentage of Americans without inssurance	1
The percentage of Americans without health coverage rose from 14.6 to 15.2.	fourteen point six to fifteen point two, it was percentage of Americans without health inssurance	1
The percentage of Americans without health coverage rose from 14.6 to 15.2.	fourteen point six to fifteen point two, it was percentage of Americans without inssurance	1
The percentage of Americans without health coverage rose from 14.6 to 15.2.	fourteen point six to fifteen point two, it was the % of Americans without inssurance	1
The percentage of Americans without health coverage rose from 14.6 to 15.2.	fourteen point six to fifteen point two, it was the raising percentage of Americans without inssurance	1
The percentage of Americans without health coverage rose from 14.6 to 15.2.	fourteen point six to fifteen point two, its the raising percentage of Americans without inssurance	1
The percentage of Americans without health coverage rose from 14.6 to 15.2.	fourteen point six to fifteen point two, its the raising percentage of US citizens without inssurance	1
In Canada, Tim Hortons' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent.	six point seven percent was the increase in sales at the same stores as Tim Hortons in Canada.	1
In Canada, Tim Hortons' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent.	six point seven percent was the increase in sales at Tim Hortons Canada.	1
In Canada, Tim Hortons' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent.	six point seven percent was the increase in sales at Canada's Tim Hortons.	1
In Canada, Tim Hortons' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent.	six point seven percent was the increase in sales at Tim Hortons same stores in Canada.	1
In Canada, Tim Hortons' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent.	Tim Hortons increased six point seven percent in sales in Canada	1
In Canada, Tim Hortons' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent.	Tim Hortons increased six point seven percent in sales in Canada	1
In Canada, Tim Hortons' same-store sales were up as much as 6.7 per cent.	Tim Hortons increased six point seven percent in sales in Canada unit.	1
He also worked in the Virginia attorney general's office.	He was workign in a general's office at Virginia	0
He also worked in the Virginia attorney general's office.	He was working in a general's office at Virginia	0
He also worked in the Virginia attorney general's office.	He was working in a attorney general's office at Virginia	1
He also worked in the Virginia attorney general's office.	He used to work in a attorney general's office at Virginia	1
He also worked in the Virginia attorney general's office.	He used to work as a lawyer in a general's office at Virginia	0
He also worked in the Virginia attorney general's office.	He used to work in the virginia attorney generals office	1
He also worked in the Virginia attorney general's office.	Also, He used to work in the virginia attorney generals office	1
Aileen Boyle, a Simon & Schuster spokeswoman, declined to comment on any potential legal action.	Simon & Schuster spokeswoman will not comment any legal information	0
Aileen Boyle, a Simon & Schuster spokeswoman, declined to comment on any potential legal action.	Simon & Schuster spokeswoman will not comment any legal action	0
Mr. Brendsel is expected to remain with the Freddie Mac Foundation.	The remain of Mr. Brendsel in the Freedie Mac Foundatin is expected	1
Hey, Amber.	Amber	0
Hey, Amber.	Amber, hi	1
Hey, Amber.	Amber, hi there	1
Hey, Amber.	Amber, hi!	1
Hey, Amber.	Amber, hi	1
Hey, Amber.	Amber, hello	1
Hey, Amber.	Amber, hi	1
Watch me.	look what i can do	0
Watch me.	keep an eye on me	1
Watch me.	look at me	1
Watch me.	check up on me	1
Because I was with James Holloway.	Jame Holloway and i were together	1
Because I was with James Holloway.	Jame Holloway and I were together	1
Oh, really?	omg	1
Oh, really?	orly	0
Oh, really?	omg	1
Oh, really?	o my good	0
Oh, really?	omg	1
Go ahead, but be quick.	go for it, fast	1
Go ahead, but be quick.	go for it, faster	1
Go ahead, but be quick.	go for it, but faster	1
Go ahead, but be quick.	go for it, hurry up	1
Go ahead, but be quick.	go for it, faster	1
Go ahead, but be quick.	hurry up, go for it,	1
Go ahead, but be quick.	hurry up go for it	1
Go ahead, but be quick.	hurry go for it	1
Go ahead, but be quick.	hurry, go for it	1
Go ahead, but be quick.	hurry go for it	1
Gilberto, you're the fucking man.	That's you, Gilberto	0
Gilberto, you're the fucking man.	optimus prime, Gilberto	0
Gilberto, you're the fucking man.	Gilberto the one	0
Gilberto, you're the fucking man.	Gilberto you are the one	0
Gilberto, you're the fucking man.	Gilberto you are fucked	0
Gilberto, you're the fucking man.	Gilberto you are amazing	0
Gilberto, you're the fucking man.	amazing	0
Nothing anywhere near 'em.	nothing like them	1
I'm leaving.	Im out	1
Plus a few extra dollars wont go amiss.	extra box wont be bad	0
Plus a few extra dollars wont go amiss.	i wold like a few more dollars	0
Plus a few extra dollars wont go amiss.	like a few more dollars	0
Plus a few extra dollars wont go amiss.	few more dollars	0
The nurse nodded.	Nurse greet	0
The nurse nodded.	Nurse greeted	0
The nurse nodded.	The nurse aceneted	1
